EXECUTION VERSION
AMENDED AND RESTATED TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
KVALITENA AB (PUBL) SEK 100,000,000
SENIOR SECURED FIXED RATE NOTES ISIN: SE 0008320295
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering o f the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution o f this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action fo r that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
O R IG IN A LLY DATED 16 M AY 2016 AS AM ENDED AND RESTATED ON j0 _ JANUARY 2017

CONTENTS

1 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION............................................................................. 3

2 STATUS OF THE N O TES.................................................................................................. 10

3 USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................11

4 CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT............................................................................. 11

5 NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM.....................................................................................12

6 RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER.................................................... 12

7 PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES....................................................................13

8 INTEREST............................................................................................................................ 14

9 REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE NO TES................................................. 14

10 TRANSACTION SECURITY............................................................................................ 18

11 INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS........................................................................... 19

12 GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS........................................................................................21

13 ACCELERATION OF THE NOTES...........................................................

23

14 DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS....................................................................................26

15 DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS.................................................................................. 28

16 NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING.......................................................................................... 32

17 WRITTEN PROCEDURE..................................................................................................32

18 AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS.................................................................................. 33

19 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT........................................ 33

20 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING A G EN T...................... 37

21 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD...............................................38

22 NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS.............................................................. 38

23 PRESCRIPTION.................................................................................................................39

24 NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES............................................................................... 39

25 FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.............................................40

26 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.................................................................... 41

With effectfrom and including LD January 2017 the terms and conditions o f the notes were amended. This document incorporates such amendments and restates the terms and conditions as amended on / Q January 2017.

1

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Additional Amounts" has the meaning set forth in Clause 7(f).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.

"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i).

For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.

"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish reg. no. 5568821879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Bodarne 11" means Fastighets AB Bodarne 11, reg. no. 556685-8097.

"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.

"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day.

"Change of Control Event" means an event where any person (other than Dorco International B.V.) or group of persons acting in concert (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and has the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Issuer or (ii) has the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
For the purposes of this definition, "acting in concert" means, a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Form o f Compliance Certificate) and reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying:
(a) that so far as it is aware no Event o f Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it; and
(b) the ratio and calculation in respect of the Equity Ratio.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depositoiy and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially, Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time.
"D. Carnegie" means D. Carnegie & Co AB, reg. no. 556498-9449.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Equity Ratio" means, at any time, the equity o f the Group as a percentage of the aggregate value of the Total Assets (in each case calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and in line with the principles for the audited financial statements).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 13(a).
"Fee Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into on or before the Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement fee agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Final Maturity Date" means 27 August 2020.

"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents, any compliance certificate provided pursuant to Clause 11.1(e) and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) moneys borrowed (including under any bank financing);
(b) the amount o f any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in accordance with the Accounting Principles is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met);
(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument;
(e) any other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(f) the marked-to-market value o f derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against, or in order to benefit from, the fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(g) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(h) liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw: lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Year" means the annual accounting period of the Group.
"First Call Date" means 27 August 2018.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 25(a).
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee Agreement" means the guarantee and indemnity agreement in the agreed form to be made by the Guarantor as principal obligor (Sw. såsom fo r egen
5 (43)

skidd) pursuant to which the Guarantor will guarantee any and all claims and liabilities arising under or in connection with the Finance Documents.
"Guarantor" means Bodame 11.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw: konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any o f its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw: lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, administration, dissolution or liquidation.
"Insurance Event" means any event whereby a payment of insurance proceeds in excess o f SEK 5,000,000 in respect of any of the real property Stockholm Bodame 11 or Helsingborg Sutaren 14 or any other property acquired with the proceeds from the Notes is received by any Property owning member of the Group.
"Insurance Proceeds" means the proceeds of any insurance claim pursuant to an Insurance Event received by any member of the Group.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Payment Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 30 June 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect o f subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted due to an application o f the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means
(a) from the Issue Date until 16 May 2017, 8.50 per cent per annum; and
(b) from 16 May 2017 until the Final Maturity Date, 7.75 per cent per annum;
"Issue Date" means 19 May 2016.
"Issuer" means Kvalitena AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with reg. no. 556527-3314.
6 (43)

"Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB, reg. no. 516406-0138, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"Liquidation" means the on-going liquidation of Optineo.
"Listing Failure Event" means (i) that the Notes are not admitted to trading on a MTF within twelve (12) Months following the Issuing Date, or (ii) in the case of a successful admission, that a period o f five (5) Business Days has elapsed since the Notes ceased to be listed on a MTF.
"Make-Whole Amount" means in relation to a Note to be redeemed prior to the First Call Date the Nominal Amount thereof together with all accrued and unpaid Interest in respect of such Note as from the Redemption Date to (and including) the First Call Date.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market Finding programmes), which are or may be admitted for trading on a Swedish or foreign regulated market.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the ability o f the Obligors taken as a whole to perform the payment obligations under the Finance Documents; (b) the legality, validity or enforceability of any Finance Document; or (c) the value o f the Transaction Security;
"MTF" means any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c).
"Note" means a debt instrument (Sw: skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 o f the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Note Loan" means the loan constituted by these Terms and Conditions and evidenced by the Notes.
"Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw: ägare) or nominee (Sw: förvaltare) with respect to a Note.
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 16 (Noteholders 'Meeting).
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantor.
"Optineo" means Optineo Fastighetsförvaltning AB, reg. no. 556912-6591, currently in liquidation.

"Properties" means all real properties and site leasehold rights owned by any member of the Group from time to time.
"Real Estate Related Investments" means any investment relating to the acquisition, development, renovation or management of real properties and site leasehold rights and acquisition of public or private real estate shares.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 14 {Distribution o fproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market,
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or alone or in any other capacity whatsoever) of the Obligors to the Secured Parties under or pursuant to each or any o f the Finance Documents and the Fee Agreement, together with all costs, charges and expenses incurred by any Secured Party in connection with the protection, preservation or enforcement of its respective rights under the Finance Documents;
"Secured Parties" means the Noteholders and the Agent (including in its capacity as Agent under the Fee Agreement).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Documents" means:
(a) a first priority mortgage agreement relating to relevant certificates issued in respect o f the real property Stockholm Bodarne 11;
(b) a second ranking mortgage agreement relating to relevant certificates issued in respect of the real property Stockholm Bodarne 11;
(c) a first priority mortgage agreement relating to relevant certificates issued in respect of the real property Helsingborg Sutaren 14;
8 (43)

(d) a second priority mortgage agreement relating to relevant certificates issued in respect of the real property Helsingborg Sutaren 14;
(e) the Guarantee Agreement; and
(1) any other document guaranteeing or conferring or evidencing security for any of the Issuer's indebtedness or other obligations to the Seemed Parties under the Finance Documents.
"Senior Floating Rate Notes" means the SEK 600,000,000 senior floating rate notes due 29 October 2018 with ISIN: SE0007666102.
"Senior Market Loan" means a Market Loan which is secured by mortgages over certain of the Properties.
"Senior Property Debt" means Senior Fastighetsskuld as that term is defined in the SEK 100,000,000 loan agreement between among others Stendörren Stockholm 1 AB with reg. no 556942-1679 as borrower and Ture Invest AB with reg. no. 556698-4489 as lender, dated 27 August 2014, as amended from time to time.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (Sw: dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).
"Sutaren 14" means Kvalitena Sutaren 14 AB, reg no. 556972-1193.
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Terms and Conditions 15/18 notes" means the terms and conditions for the Issuer's SEK 600,000,000 Senior Floating Rate Note (ISIN; SE0007666102) dated 26 October 2015.
"Total Assets" means, at any time, the total assets of the Group calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and in line with the principles for the audited financial statements.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Written Procedure).
Construction
(a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(i) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(iii) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(iv) a person, company or other entity being "controlled" (including the terms "control", "controlling", "controlled by" and "under common control with" and the like) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power of a person or an entity to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity or person;
(v) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(vi) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
(b) An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
(c) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis o f the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw: Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(d) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(e) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE NOTES
(a) The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.

(b) By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The nominal amount of each Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is SEK 100,000,000. All Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory law and except as otherwise provided in the Finance Documents.
(e) The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(f) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer o f material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.

3

USE OF PROCEEDS

The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Notes, less the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Notes for the general corporate purposes and activities of the Guarantor and Sutaren 14 and otherwise for its own general corporate purposes.

4

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

(a) The Issuer shall provide to the Agent, on or prior to the Issue Date, the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions Precedent relating to Notes) in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably).

(b) The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Schedule 1 is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.

(c) The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Schedule 1 have been satisfied.

11 (43)

5

NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

(a) The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.

(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw: foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instalments Accounts Act.

(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD Regulations) shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent. For the purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out o f the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.

(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.

(e) The Issuer and the Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 5(c) and 5(d) only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.

6

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER

(a) If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain o f powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.

(b) A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the

12 (43)

Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to the contrary.
PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Notes requested by a Noteholder pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
(b) If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will he effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
(c) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8(d) during such postponement.
(d) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
(e) When making any redemption, repurchase or payment in respect of the Notes, the "Nominal Amount" shall be deemed the Nominal Amount plus two (2) per cent This shall not apply when calculating the amount of Interest payable.
(f) All amounts payable by the Issuer to the Noteholders shall be made exclusive of VAT or similar taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden or any authority thereof or therein. If required, the Issuer shall in addition to such other amounts payable, pay the VAT or similar taxes. If the Issuer is obligated to pay any costs or expenses o f the Agent or the

Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer will at the request of such person pay any VAT attributable to such payment provided that such person may not recover the VAT from the relevant authority.

8

INTEREST

(a) Each Note carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment o f Interest in respect of the Notes shall be made to the Noteholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.

(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis o f a 360-day year comprised of twelve Months of thirty (30) days each and, in case o f an incomplete Month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).

(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) per cent higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

9

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES

9.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.

9.2

Purchase of Notes by the Issuer

The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. Notes held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.

9.3

Voluntary total redemption (call option)

(a) Subject to Clause 12.5 of the Terms and Conditions 15/18 notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, o f the outstanding Notes in full:

(i) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount which is the higher o f (i) the Make-Whole Amount, and (ii) the Nominal Amount

14 (43)

plus an amount equal to six (6) Months interest and any other amounts due under these Terms and Conditions;
(ii) any time on or after the First Call Date until the Business Day falling one (1) calendar year thereafter, at an amount per Note equal to 103 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest and any other amounts due under these Terms and Conditions; and
(iii) any time from and including the first Business Day falling one (1) calendar year after the First Call Date, at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest and any other amounts due under these Terms and Conditions.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to the Agent and the Noteholders, in each case calculated from the effective date o f the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedents (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Early redemption due to illegality and repurchase due to a tax event (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, o f the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer may repurchase the relevant Notes if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, laws or regulations in Sweden, or any change in the interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer has or will become required to pay any Additional Amount in relation to such Notes and this obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to the Issuer. The Notes shall be repurchased at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(c) The applicability of Clause 9.4(a) or 9.4(b) shall be supported by a legal opinion issued by a reputable law firm.
(d) The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4(a) and repurchase pursuant to Clause 9.4(b) no later than twenty (20) Business

Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem, or repurchase (in which case each relevant Noteholder is bound to sell), as the case may be, the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, o f its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent o f the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(c) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5(a) and 9.5(b).
(d) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions o f such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue o f the conflict.

(e) Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
(f) The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry o f the time limit.
(g) No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3 ( Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
Mandatory repurchase due to an Insurance Event (put option)
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Insurance Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the occurrence of an Insurance Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent o f the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence o f the Insurance Event.
(b) The Issuer is only obliged to redeem Notes equal to the Insurance Proceeds less (i) any verified expenses payable to third parties in relation to that claim, (ii) any such proceeds applied to meet a third party claim, to cover operating losses or to the replacement, reinstatement and/or repair of the assets or otherwise in amelioration of the loss, in each case, in respect of which the relevant insurance claim was made if those proceeds are so applied within six (6) Months of receipt of such proceeds and (iii) any such proceeds applied towards repayment of Senior Property Debt in accordance with the terms of such debt. Each Noteholder is thus only entitled to require its pro rata portion of Notes to be repurchased.
(c) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The Redemption Date

must fall no later than six (6) Months after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6(a).
(d) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase o f Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.6, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.6 by virtue of the conflict.
(e) Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
(f) The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.6, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Insurance Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.6 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.6, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry o f the time limit.
(g) No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.6 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3 ( Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
TRANSACTION SECURITY
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall procure that Bodame 11 and Sutaren 14 grants, on or before the Issue Date, in respect o f Bodame 11 and no later than ten (10) Business Days from the date on which the liquidator has completed the Liquidation and Optineo has been dissolved, in respect o f Sutaren 14, the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent. The Transaction Security shall be provided and perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into between Bodame 11 and Sutaren 14 and the Agent, acting on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Seemed Parties in accordance with the Security Documents,
(b) The Agent shall, on behalf of the Secured Parties, keep all certificates and other documents that are bearers of rights relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody.
(c) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 {Decisions by Noteholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Noteholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it

is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Seemed Parties or for the purpose of settling the Noteholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms o f the Finance Documents.
(d) For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Secured Parties and the Agent may instruct the CSD in the name and on behalf of the Issuer to arrange for payments to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and change the bank account registered with the CSD and from which payments under the Notes are made to another bank account. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide it with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and the CSD), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under this Clause 10 (d).

11

INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS

11.1 Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer shall make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Issuer:

(i) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within five (5) Months after the end o f each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;

(ii) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) Months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, its consolidated financial statements or the year-end report (Sw: bokslutskommunike) (as applicable) for such period prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;

(iii) as soon as practicable following an acquisition or disposal of Notes by a Group Company, information regarding the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, or the amount of Notes cancelled by the Issuer;

(iv) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw: lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and if applicable the rules and regulations of the MTF or other Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.

(b) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or an Insurance Event. Such notice may be given in advance o f the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be conditional upon the occurrence of a

19 (43)

Change o f Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for such Change o f Control Event.
(c) The Issuer shall in writing and no later than ten (10) Business Days from the date on which the liquidator has completed the Liquidation and Optineo has been dissolved, notify the Noteholders and the Agent that the Liquidation has been completed and provide a confirmation that Sutaren 14 is the owner of the real property Helsingborg Sutaren 14.
(d) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent of (i) any change to the Issuer's or the Guarantor's management or board of directors, (ii) a change of auditor or auditing firm and (iii) any legal action, arbitration proceeding or other proceeding initiated or filed by or against the Issuer or the Guarantor provided that it could result in an Material Adverse Effect,
(e) When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 11.1(a), the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a Compliance Certificate attaching if applicable copies of any notices sent to the MTF or Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
(f) The Issuer shall, on a continuous basis, provide the Noteholders and the Agent with information in relation to ongoing discussions with third parties regarding major changes or requirements to any current or future debt of Bodame 11 and Sutaren 14 (including but not limited to terms with regard to refinancing, demands for repayment and material changes to current agreements) and shall procure that each of Bodame 11 and Sutaren 14 provide the Noteholders and the Agent with information in accordance with this Clause 11.1(f).
(g) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event o f Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
11.2 Presentation and meetings
The Issuer shall, at the reasonable request o f the Noteholders, make its CEO, CFO and/or auditor available for discussions about the on-going business and financial performance of the Issuer and the Group (provided that only information that may be disclosed pursuant to any applicable law, regulation, listing agreement (Sw:
20 (43)

noteringsavtal) or any rule and regulations of the First North Bond Market (or any other MTF or Regulated Market, as applicable) applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group will be discussed).
11.3 Information from the Agent
The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect o f an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
11.4 Information among the Noteholders Upon request by a Noteholder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Noteholders any information from such Noteholder which relates to the Notes. The Agent may require that the requesting Noteholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed.
11.5 Publication of Finance Documents (a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Agent.
(b) The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Noteholders at the office o f the Agent during normal business hours.
12 GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
12.1 Disposals The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into a single transaction or series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the assets or operations of the Group where such disposal is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
12.2 Restrictions regarding pledge of assets (a) Except for the Security Documents, the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets for any Market Loan raised by the Issuer, other than any Senior Market Loan and the Senior Floating Rate Notes (including any refinancing or replacement financing of such Senior Floating Rate Notes).
(b) In addition to 12.2(a) above, and with the exception o f the Security Documents, the Issuer shall procure that no Security is created over
21 (43)

Helsingborg Sutaren 14 during the period beginning on the date o f signing of these Terms and Conditions and ending ten (10) Business Days from the date on which the liquidator has completed the Liquidation and Optineo has been dissolved.
(c) Notwithstanding 12.2(b) above, in order for Sutaren 14 and/or Optineo to be able to refinance Optineo's current loan in respect of Helsingborg Sutaren 14, Sutaren 14 and/or Optineo shall be entitled to pledge with first ranking security the mortgage certificates in the aggregate amount o f (i) SEK 38.100.000 with priority within SEK 1 -SEK 38,100,000 and (ii) SEK 12.500.000 within SEK 73,100,001 - SEK 85,600,000.
12.3 Change of Business The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group taken as a whole from that carried on at the date o f the Terms and Conditions.
12.4 Pari Passu ranking The Issuer shall ensure that at all times its obligations under the Terms and Conditions rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its unsubordinated and unsecured creditors, except those whose claims are mandatorily preferred by laws o f general application.
12.5 Term of Market Loans The Issuer shall not raise any new Market Loan where such Market Loan has a final maturity date falling before the Final Maturity Date or which otherwise is scheduled to be repaid before the Notes.
12.6 Dividends The Issuer shall not declare, make or pay any dividend, charge, fee or other distribution (or interest on any unpaid dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect o f its share capital attributable to common shares (or any class of its share capital attributable to common shares) ("Restricted Payment") unless, at the time of such payment, the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments in any fiscal year does not exceed the lower of (i) SEK 30,000,000 or (ii) fifty (50) per cent of the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous Financial Year.
12.7 Financial undertakings (a) The Equity Ratio may not at any time be less than 20 per cent.
(b) The financial covenant in Clause 12.7(a) will be measured on each Interest Payment Date.
22 (43)

12.8 Admission to trading
(a) The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes are admitted to trading on the MTF of First North (Nasdaq) within twelve (12) Months after the Issue Date, and that it remains admitted or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market or MTF.

(b) Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall take all actions on its part to maintain the admission as long as any Notes are outstanding, but not longer than up to and including the last day on which the admission reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations of the MTF and the CSD, subsist.

12.9 Undertakings relating to the Fee Agreement (a) The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Fee Agreement:

(i) pay fees to the Agent;

(ii) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;

(iii) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and

(iv) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Fee Agreement.

(b) The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Fee Agreement without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders.

12.10

CSD related undertakings
The Issuer shall keep the Notes affiliated with a CSD and comply with all applicable CSD Regulations.

12.11

Refinancing
The Issuer shall procure that the Noteholders shall have the right to replace or refinance any current or future debt provided by a third party to any of Bodame 11 or Sutaren 14, provided, that the Noteholders offer the same, or more favourable, terms than such third party. The debtor shall in such case provide the same, or equivalent, security for such loan.

13

ACCELERATION OF THE NOTES

(a) The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand may only be validly made by a

23 (43)

person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 13(e), on behalf of the Noteholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents, if:
(i) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:
(A) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(B) is remedied within three (3) Business Days from the due date;
(ii) the Issuer does not comply with the provisions under 12.7 {Financial undertakings), unless the non-compliance:
(A) is capable o f remedy; and
(B) is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the relevant Group Company becoming aware of the non-compliance;
(iii) the Issuer or any other person (other than the Agent) does not comply with any terms of or acts in violation o f the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) and (b)), unless the non-compliance:
(A) is capable of remedy; and
(B) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the relevant Group Company becoming aware of the non-compliance;
(iv) any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied (other than in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents), and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect on the interests o f the Noteholders;
(v) any Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent;
(vi) any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, affects any asset of a Group
24 (43)

Company and is not discharged within forty-five (45) Business Days;

(vii) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to:

(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement or otherwise) of any Group Company (other than the Liquidation); or

(B) the appointment o f a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer in respect of any Group Company or any of its assets (other than pursuant to the Liquidation);

(C) enforcement o f any Security over any assets of any member o f the Group,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, provided no corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step taken is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within fourteen (14) days of commencement;

(viii)

any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, which affects any assets of a Group Company having an aggregate value of not less than SEK 2,000,000 and is not discharged within forty-five (45) days;

(ix) any Financial Indebtedness exceeding SEK 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(x) any creditor o f a Group Company declares any Financial Indebtedness exceeding SEK 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) of a Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(xi) any event or circumstance occurs which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 13(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event o f Default (temporarily or permanently).

(c) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(d) The Agent shall notify the Noteholders o f an Event o f Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
(e) If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(f) If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause o f acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(g) In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 13, the Issuer shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 9.3 ( Voluntary total redemption) together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Clause 13 (Acceleration o f the Notes) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(i) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in

accordance with the Fee Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Noteholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Notes, the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the protection of the Noteholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19.2(e), and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Noteholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 15(o), together with default interest in accordance with Clause 8(d) on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer;
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Notes (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Notes; and
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents, including default interest in accordance with Clause 8(d) on delayed payments of Interest and repayments of principal under the Notes.
(b) Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(c) If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 14(a)(i), such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 14(a)(i).
(d) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Notes or the enforcement o f the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds (Sw: redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 14 as soon as reasonably practicable.
(e) If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
27 (43)

for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7(a) shall apply.
DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option o f the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting than by way o f a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Noteholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Should the Agent not convene a Noteholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 15(c) being applicable, the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) requesting a decision by the Noteholders may convene such Noteholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The Issuing Agent shall upon request provide the Issuer or the convening Noteholder(s) with the information available in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(e) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16(a) or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending communication in accordance with Clause 17(a), in both cases with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 19.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt o f such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16(a). The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for a Noteholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append information from the Agent

together with the a notice or the communication. The Issuing Agent shall provide the Issuer with the information available in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(f) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 6 {Right to act on behalf o f a Noteholder) from a person who is, registered as a Noteholder:
(i) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 16(b), in respect of a Noteholders' Meeting, or
(ii) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 17(b), in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the Adjusted Nominal Amount. Such Business Day specified pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) above must fall no earlier than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of the notice or communication, as the case may be.
(g) The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17(b):
(i) the issue o f any Notes after the Issue Date, if the total nominal amount of the Notes exceeds, or if such issue would cause the total nominal amount of the Notes to at any time exceed, SEK 100,000,000 (for the avoidance o f doubt, for which consent shall be required at each occasion such Notes are issued);
(ii) a change to the terms o f any of Clause 2(a), and Clauses 2(d) to 2(f);
(iii) a reduction of the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Note pursuant to Clause 9 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes);
(iv) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount;
(v) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 14 {Distribution o f proceeds);
(vi) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders' consent set out in this Clause 15;

(vii) a change o f issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment o f any principal or interest on the Notes;
(viii) a release or a change of the Transaction Security, except in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents;
(ix) a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities;
(x) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Clause 13 (Acceleration o f the Notes) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions; and
(xi) any matter not covered by sub-paragraphs 15(g)(i)-(x), including, but not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority than fifty (50) per cent (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 18(a)(i) or 18(a)(ii)), an acceleration of the Notes, the appointment of a Noteholders' Committee, or the enforcement of any Transaction Security.
(h) Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case o f a matter pursuant to Clause 15(g) (i) - (x), and otherwise twenty (20) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(i) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(ii) if in respect o f a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(i) If a quorum exists for some but not all o f the matters to be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.
(j) If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 16(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 17(a)), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Noteholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 15(j), the date of request of the second Noteholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16(a) or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 17(a), as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date

when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 15(h) shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations o f the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some o f its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective o f them being present or represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Noteholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose o f convening a Noteholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision is to be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective o f whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to each person registered as a Noteholder on the date referred to in Clause 15(f)(i) or 15(f)(ii), as the case may be, and also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

16

NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING

(a) The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessaiy for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.

(b) The notice pursuant to Clause 16(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.

(c) The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.

(d) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

17

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent.

(b) A communication pursuant to Clause 17(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form o f power o f attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business

32 (43)

Days from the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 17(a)). If the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
(c) When consents from Noteholders representing the requisite majority of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 15(g) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 15(g), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

18

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

(a) The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:

(0

such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of

the Noteholders as a group, or is made solely for the purpose of

rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or

(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders).

(b) The consent of the Noteholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.

(c) The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 18(a), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 11.4 (Publication o f Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.

(d) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Noteholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.

19

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT

19.1 Appointment of the Agent
(a) By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents,

33 (43)

and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw: foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer and any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
(b) Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power o f attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
(c) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(d) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Fee Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(e) The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues o f securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
19.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
34 (43)

(c) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions o f such parties under the Finance Documents.
(d) The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution ofproceeds).
(f) The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach o f any law or regulation.
(h) If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non payment by the Issuer o f any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Fee Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2(h).
35 (43)

19.3 Limited liability for the Agent
(a) The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders.
(c) The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
(d) The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders) or a demand by Noteholders given pursuant to Clause 13(a).
(e) Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under the Finance Documents.
19.4 Replacement of the Agent
(a) Subject to Clause 19.4(f), the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way o f Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
(b) Subject to Clause 19.4(f), if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(c) A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose o f dismissing the Agent
36 (43)

and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
(d) If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(e) The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes o f performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
(1) The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
(h) In the event that there is a change o f the Agent in accordance with this Clause 19.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Fee Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agree otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at

the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(c) The Issuing Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Issuing Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Issuing Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
(a) The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations applicable to the Notes.
(b) The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Noteholder or if applicable the listing of the Notes on the MTF. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act (Sw: lag (2007:528) orn värdepappersmarknaden) and be authorised as a central securities depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act (Sw: lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing av.finansiella instrument).
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS
(a) A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against any Group Companyor with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw: Jdretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of any Group Company in relation to any of the obligations and liabilities o f such Group Company under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.
(b) Clause (a) shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Noteholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 19.1(b)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Fee Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 19.2(h), such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2(1) before a Noteholder may take any action referred to in Clause (a).

(c) The provisions o f Clause 22(a) shall not in any way limit an individual Noteholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Noteholders.

23

PRESCRIPTION

(a) The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.

(b) If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw: preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions o f the Swedish Act on Limitations.

24

NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES

24.1 Notices
(a) Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:

(i) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;

(ii) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Sweden Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and

(iii) if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the date such person shall be a Noteholder in order to receive the communication, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Noteholders, A Notice to the Noteholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.

39 (43)

(b) Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way o f courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if between the Issuer and the Agent, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address (or in relation to courier or personal delivery, if such address is a box address, the addressee reasonably assumed to be associated with such box address), specified in Clause (a), in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause (a), or, in case of email, when received in readable form by the email recipient.
(c) Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.
(d) Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.
24.2 Press releases
(a) Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (Call option)), 9.3(a) (Early redemption due to illegality or tax event), 11.1(b), 13(c), 15(q), 16(a), 17(a) and 18(c) shall also be published by way o f press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
(b) In addition to Clause 24.2(a), if any information relating to the Notes or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

25

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

(a) Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

(b) The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception o f gross negligence and wilful misconduct.

40 (43)

(c) Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
(d) The provisions in this Clause 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take pr ecedence.

26

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.

(b) The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm (Sw: Stockholms tingsrätt).

We her eby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.

Place: S 'to c ^ ic .k o /^

Date. jQ

'2-01'}-

KVALITENA AB (PUBL) as Issuer

Name:

Knul: Pousette

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: S(yO c -k k Date: 10 'Jpyiu.frsy 2 J O l\
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL)
asAM$* aa (fA, X.V
Nam,5/tefi o U JiW ^ jV r '

41 (43)

Schedule 1
Conditions Precedent
Conditions Precedent relating to Notes
1. Corporate Documents
(a) A copy o f the constitutional documents of each Obligor and Sutaren 14. (b) A copy of a resolution of the board of directors of each Obligor and Sutaren 14:
(i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Finance Documents to which it is a party and resolving that it execute, deliver and perform the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(ii) authorising a specified person or persons to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party on its behalf; and
(iii) authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all documents and notices to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(c) A specimen of the signature of each person authorised by the resolution referred to in paragraph (b) above in relation to the Finance Documents and related documents.
(d) A certificate of an authorised signatory of each Obligor and Sutaren 14 certifying that each copy document relating to it specified in this Schedule 1 is correct, complete and in full force and effect.
2. Agreements
The following documents duly executed by all the parties thereto: (a) the Terms and Conditions; (b) the Fee Agreement; and (c) the Security Documents that according to the Terms and Conditions should be
executed prior to the Issue Date.

Schedule 2
Form of Compliance Certificate To: [  ] as Agent From: Kvalitena AB (publ) Dated: [  ] Dear Sirs, Kvalitena AB (publ) - Terms and conditions for Kvalitena AB (publ) with respect to the SEK 100,000,000 senior fixed rate notes (the "Terms and Conditions") (1) We refer to the Terms and Conditions. This is a Compliance Certificate. Terms
defined in the Terms and Conditions have the same meaning when used in this Compliance Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Compliance Certificate. (2) We confirm that the Equity Ratio on the Interest Payment Date [date], was [  ] . (3) We set out below calculations establishing the figures in paragraphs (2)(a) and (b):
[ ]
(4) We confirm that no Event of Default is continuing. [If this statement cannot be made, the certificate should identify any Event o f Default that is continuing and the steps, i f any, being taken to remedy itl\
(5) [Attached hereto you will find copies o f any notices sent to the Regulated Market or MTF]. [Ifapplicable]
(6) Neither of Bodarne 11 or Sutaren 14 are in default under any obligation under the Security Documents to which it is a party.
43 (43)

