Press release November 5, 2014
Amendments to the terms and conditions relating to Orc Group Holding AB's (formerly Cidron Delfi Intressenter AB) secured notes of up to EUR 60 million (the "Notes")
As has previously been announced, on 27 November 2012 Orc Group AB's parent company, Orc Group Holding AB (publ) (formerly Cidron Delfi Intressenter AB (publ)) (the "Issuer") issued five-year notes in the total aggregate amount of EUR 60 million with a fixed annual coupon of 8.5 per cent paid semi-annually.
As a part of a restructuring of the capital structure of the group, the Issuer will repay a shareholder loan in the amount of SEK 514,712,400 plus interest accrued thereon by converting the shareholder loan into equity, made by way of set-off against the subscription price for shares in the Issuer (kvittningsemission). The repayment requires permission from CorpNordic Sweden AB acting as agent on behalf of itself and the holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) acting as agent on behalf of itself and certain parties under a SEK 145,000,000 multicurrency revolving facility, and such permission has been given. To allow for the repayment, certain amendments will be made to the terms and conditions relating to the Issuer's secured notes of EUR 60 million. These amendments will be communicated in a separate notice to the Noteholders. The amended terms and conditions will also be available on Orc Group's website www.orc-group.com.
This announcement is not in any way an offer to subscribe or acquire the Notes or any other security in the Issuer.
For further information, please contact: Christine Blinke, Chief Marketing Officer, Orc Group AB Tel: +46 739 01 02 01, christine.blinke@orc-group.com
About Orc Orc is the global market leader in trading technology for listed derivatives. Building on our commitment to long term partnerships and technology innovation that delivers results, Orc serves the trading and electronic execution needs of clients worldwide.
With nearly 200 customer sites in more than 30 countries, access to over 150 trading venues and offices in each of the world's key financial centers, we offer true global capabilities.
Combining our technology and financial industry expertise, including a solid understanding of regulatory issues, Orc also provides expert advice and services that help reduce complexity and cost, while enabling clients to stay focused on value creation in their core businesses.
Combining our software and financial industry expertise, including a solid understanding of regulatory issues, Orc also provides strategic expert advice and services that help reduce complexity and cost, while enabling clients to stay focused on value creation in their core enterprises.
Orc is owned by Orc Group Holding AB which in turn is owned mainly by Nordic Capital Fund VII.
For more information visit: www.orc-group.com
The information above has been published pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act. The information was released for public distribution on November 5, 2014, at 09:00 a.m. CET.
N.B. The English text is a translation of the Swedish text. In case of discrepancy between the Swedish and the English text the Swedish version shall prevail.

