CorpNordic
Notice of Written Procedure for notes issued by DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ)
To noteholders of the up to SEK 500,000,000 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes with ISIN SE0005280831 (the "Notes") issued by DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ) (the "Issuer") on 27 June 2013.
(For explanations o f capitalized term s used but not defined below, reference is m ade to the term s and conditions fo r the Notes, hereinafter the "Terms and Condi tions".)
This notice has been sent by the Agent to directly registered owners and registered authorized nominees (förvaltare) as of 15 January 2014 in the debt ledger produced by Euroclear Sweden. If you are an authorized nominee under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act or if you otherwise are holding Bonds on behalf of som eone else on a Securities Account, please forward this notice to the holder you represent as soon as possible. See under Voting rights in section B, see section B. (Decision procedure) for further inform a tion .
CorpNordic Sweden AB (the " A gent") acting in its capacity as Agent for the Noteholders under the Terms and Conditions, hereby initiates a Written Procedure whereby the Noteholders can approve or reject a Request made by the Issuer. The Request is described in section A (Request) below. Noteholders participate by completing and sending the voting form attached below to the Agent. The Agent must receive the voting form no later than 17 February 2014 by mail, via courier or e-mail to the addresses indicated below. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded. To be eligible to participate in the Written Procedure a person must fulfill the formal criteria for being a Noteholder on 27 January 2014 (the " Record Date"). This means that the person must be registered on a Securities Account with Euroclear Sweden as a direct registered owner (direktregistreradägare) or authorized nominee (förvaltare) with respect to one or several Notes. If you have an interest in a Note but are not registered as a direct registered owner or authorized nominee on as Securities Account, you need to obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorization from the person who fulfils the formal criteria for being a Noteholder on the Record Date, to be able to participate. An alternative may be to ask the person that is registered as a Noteholder and holds the Notes on your behalf to vote in its own name as instructed by you. For further information on voting, please see under Voting rights in section B. (Decision procedure).
Please contact the securities firm you hold your Notes through if you do not know how your Notes are registered or if you need authorization or other assistance to participate.
CorpNordic Sweden AB + P.O. Box 162 85 + SE-103 25 Stockholm + Sweden + www.corpnordic.com Tel. +46 8 402 72 00 + Fax +46 8 402 72 99 + Org. Nr. 556625-5476

CorpNordic
A. Request
Backgr ound In light of recently presented opportunities for investments the Issuer wishes to access markets outside those specified in clause 12.3.2 of the Terms and Conditions: "The Issuer shall p rocure that DDM In vest X X does not conduct any other business than acquiring and managing distressed consum er debt where the debtors and originators in respect o f the consum er debt are domiciled in the j urisdictions o f Russia and Romania and any otherj urisdictions appro ved by the Noteholders, and any business incidental thereto." The Issuer wishes to extend the geographical scope to also include the Republic of Croatia, the Republic of Slovenia, the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Montenegro and Hungary.
Request
The Issuer requests that the Noteholders approve that, with effect from 18 February 2014, clause 12.3.2 of the Terms and Conditions is amended to have the following wording: "The Issuer shall procure that DDM In vest X X does not conduct any other business than acquiring and managing distressed consum er debt where the debtors and originators in respect o f the consum er debt are domiciled in the j urisdictions o f Russia, Romania, the Republic o f Croatia, the Republic o f Slo venia, the Republic o fSerbia, the Republic o f Montenegro, Hungary o r any otherju risdictions appro ved by the Noteholders, and any business incidental thereto." The above is hereinafter referred to as the " Request".
B. Decision procedure
The Agent will determine if received replies are eligible to participate and calculate the result.
When a requisite majority of consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. Information about the decision taken in the Written Procedure will be sent by notice to the Noteholders, be published as a press release and be published on the websites of the Group and the Agent. The minutes from the Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
A matter decided will be binding for all Noteholders, irrespective of them responding in the Written Procedure.

CorpNordic

Voting rights
Anyone who wishes to participate in the Written Procedure must on 27 January 2014 (the " Record D ate"):

(i)

be registered in the Securities Account as a direct registered owner

( direktreg istrerad ägare); o r

(ii) be registered in the Securities Account as authorized nominee (förvaltare), with respect to one or several Notes.

If you are not registered as a direct registered owner, but your Notes are held through a registered authorized nominee (fö rv a ltare) or another intermediary, you may have two different options to influence the voting for the Notes.

1. You can ask the authorized nominee or other intermediary that holds the Notes on your behalf to vote in its own name as instructed by you.

2. You can obtain a power of attorney or other authorization from the authorized nominee or other intermediary and send in your own voting form based on the authorization. If you hold your Notes through several intermediaries, you need to obtain authorization directly from the intermediary that is registered in the Securities Account, or from each intermediary in the chain of holders, starting with the intermediary that is registered in the Securities Account as authorized nominee or direct registered owner.

Whether one or both of these options are available to you depends on the agreement between you and the authorized nominee or other intermediary that holds the Notes on your behalf (and the agreement between the intermediaries, if there are more than one).

The Agent recommends that you contact the securities firm that holds the Notes on your behalf for assistance, if you wish to participate in the Written Procedure and do not know how your Notes are registered or need authorization or other assistance to participate.

Notes owned by the Issuer, another Group Company or an Affiliate do not entitle to any voting rights.

Quorum
Quorum only exists if Noteholders representing twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount reply to the request in the Written Procedure.
If a quorum does not exist, the Agent shall initiate a second Written Procedure, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Issuer. No quorum requirement will apply to such second Written Procedure.

CorpNordic
At the option of each Noteholder, a voting form provided on or before 17 February 2014 in respect of the Written Procedure shall also remain valid for any such second Written Procedure.
M ajority More than fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders reply in the Written Procedure must consent to the Issuer's Request in order for it to be approved.
Final date to vote in the Written Procedure The Agent must have received the votes by mail, courier or e-mail to the address indicated below no later than 17 February 2014. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.
Address for sending replies B y re g u la r m ail: CorpNordic Sweden AB Attn: Jolande Svensson-Klijn PO Box 162 85 103 25 Stockholm
B y courier: CorpNordic Sweden AB Attn: Jolande Svensson-Klijn Sergels Torg 12, 12th floor 111 57 Stockholm
B y e-m ail: E-mail: trustee@ corpnordic.com
C. Information meeting
Noteholders are welcome to attend an information meeting where more detailed information on the motives of the Written Procedure and the Request will be presented by representatives of the Issuer and where the Noteholders will have the opportunity to ask questions directly to the representatives.
The information meeting is held on a voluntary basis by the Issuer and is not a formal part of the written procedure arranged by the Agent. Noteholders are

CorpNordic
not required to attend the information meeting in order to vote in the Written Procedure. Date and time 3 Februay 2014 at 14.00. Place Nordic Fixed Income, Birger Jarlsgatan 6, 102 40 Stockholm. Dial-in Noteholders may participate by telephone using the following dial-in details: Phone number: +46 (0)8 506 269 10 PIN code: 203594# To attend Please send an e-mail to investor@ddm-group.ch no later than 31 January 2014 stating company name, name of attendee(s), e-mail, telephone number and whether attendee(s) will attend in person or by telephone.

CorpNordic

VOTING FORM
for the Written Procedure in the up to SEK 500,000,000 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes with ISIN SE0005280831 (the "Notes") issued by DDM
Treasury Sweden AB (publ)
DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ) requests the Noteholders to approve the Request set out in the notice for the Written Procedure.
The Agent is hereby empowered to enter into all necessary docum entation required to im plem ent the Request, in the event that the Request is approved.

Reply Name of person/entity voting: Nominal Amount voted for:
The undersigned hereby (put a cross in the appropriate box):

Reject

Refrain from voting

with respect to the Request.

The undersigned hereby confirms (put a cross in the appropriate box) that this voting form shall constitute a vote also for a second Written Procedure (if any) pursuant to clause 17.8 of the Terms and Conditions with respect to the Request:

C o nfirm ed

Not confirmed

Signature Name in print:

CorpNordic
Contact information
Email: Tel: N OTE: Please attach a power of attorney/authorization if the person/entity voting is not registered on the Securities Account as a driect registered owner or authorized nominee. The voting form shall be signed by an authorized signatory. A certified copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding authorization document for the legal entity shall be appended to the voting form for any legal entity voting. The registration certificate, where applicable, may not be older than one year.

CorpNordic
POWER OF ATTORNEY/AUTHORISATION1
for the Written Procedure in the up to SEK 500,000,000 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes with ISIN SE0005280831 (the "Notes") issued by DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ)_____________________________________
Authorized Person2: Nominal Am ount3: Grantor of authority4:
We hereby confirm that the Authorized Person specified above has the right to vote for the Nominal Amount set out above.
We represent an aggregate Nominal Amount o f5: ___________________
We are (put a cross in the appropriate box):
Registered as authorized nominee in the Securities Account
Registered as direct registered owner in the Securities Account
Other intermediary and hold the Notes t h r o u g h 6___________________________________
Date: Signature
Name in print:
1Use this form to confirm a person's/entity's authority to vote if the person/entity is not registered as a direct registered owner or authoriszed nominee. 2 Insert the name of the person/entity that should be authorized to vote. 3 Insert the aggregate nominal amount the Authorized Person should be able to vote for. 4 Insert the name of entity/person confirming the authority. 5The total Nominal Amount the undersigned represents 6 Mark this option if the undersigned is not registered as authorized nominee or direct registered owner in the Securities Account kept by Euroclear Sweden. Please insert the name of the firm the undersigned holds the bonds through.

CorpNordic
For further questions please see below:
To the Agent: CorpNordic Sweden AB, Jolande Svensson-Klijn, i.svensson-kliin@ corpnordic.com . +46-8-402 7224 To the Issuer: DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ), Gustav Hultgren, CEO, +46 8 4080 9030
Stockholm , 22 January 2014
CorpNordic Sweden AB as Agent

