Telefonplan Stockholm Property AB (publ) sells the Timotejen 19 and 28 properties at Telefonplan for SEK 860 million.
As previously disclosed, Telefonplan Stockholm Property AB (publ) has been in the final phase of completing the previously agreed sale of the majority of its property holding at Telefonplan. The sale was completed on March 8. The buyers are Tegelberget Holding AB and Slipskararen Holding AB.
Curt Ahnstrom, CEO of Telefonplan Stockholm Property AB (publ), had the following comments: "A new, creative, visionary and unique district is being added to the City of Stockholm. In collaboration with partners and the City of Stockholm, Scanprop Development has preserved the cultural and historical values in existing buildings while also adapting these to tomorrow's requirements in terms of building a city."
In addition to business premises, approximately 1,000 new residential units will be created in the area. Already during the zoning plan process, the project received international recognition as a model for urban renewal. Curt Ahnstrom would like to particularly highlight the successful cooperation throughout the entire process with the City of Stockholm, White arkitekter and Alm Equity AB, which is the main party behind the buyers.
The sale was carried out in the form of a company transaction. The purchase consideration amounted to SEK 860 million.
Agreements in principle had been reached in 2011 and 2014 regarding the now completed transaction. These were conditional upon the development of a new zoning plan for the area. In January 2017, the new zoning plan gained legal force thus triggering the process to implement the agreed sale of the Timotejen 19 and 28 properties. The previously decided reallotment of primarily Timotejen 19 has been carried out to facilitate the continued development of the area.
The law firm Flood Herslow Holme has served as the legal advisor for the seller.
For information about the project and Telefonplan Stockholm Property AB (publ), see the website (www.telefonplanproperty.se).
, For further information please contact:
Curt Ahnstrom, CEO Telephone: +46 (0)708 186 770 E-mail: curt.ahnstrom@scanprop.com
Telefonplan Stockholm Property AB (publ) is the owner of the two properties Timotejen 19 and Timotejen 28 at Telefonplan in Stockholm. Telefonplan Stockholm Property AB (publ) has developed a new zoning plan for the area, enabling the construction of primarily residential housing (approximately 1,000 apartments and business premises). Telefonplan Stockholm Property AB (publ) is wholly owned by Telefonplan Stockholm AB, which in turn is wholly owned by Scanprop KB.
The company's bonds are listed on NASDAQ First North, Stockholm. The company's Certified Advisor on First North is Wildeco Ekonomisk Information AB.

2 (2)
The information contained in this press release is such information that Telefonplan Stockholm Property AB (publ) is required to publish in accordance with the Swedish Securities Market Act (2007:528) and/or the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980). The information was submittedfor publication on March 9, 2017 at 8:30 a.m.

