Stockholm 17 November 2017
To the Holders in:
ISIN: SE0007278262 - Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ) maximum SEK 175,000,000 Junior Unsecured Callable Fixed Rate Perpetual Bonds
NOTICE OF WRITTEN PROCEDURE - REQUEST OF APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS
This voting request for procedure in writing has been sent on 17 November 2017 to Holders directly registered in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD. If you are a nominee under the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act or if you otherwise are holding Bonds on behalf of someone else on a Securities Account, please forward this notice to the holder you represent as soon as possible. For further information, please see below under Section 5.3 (Voting rights and authorisation).
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) acts as agent (the "Agent") for the holders of the bonds (the "Holders") in the above mentioned bond issue ISIN SE0007278262 (with an aggregate amount outstanding of SEK 175,000,000) (the "Bonds") issued by Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ) (the "Issuer"). In its capacity as Agent, and as requested by the Issuer, the Agent hereby convenes the Holders to a written procedure, whereby the Holders can vote for or against the Request (as defined below). All capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this notice (the "Notice") shall have the meanings assigned to them in the terms and conditions for the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions"). Holders participate by completing and sending the voting form, attached hereto as Schedule 1 (the "Voting Form"), and, if applicable, the power of attorney/authorisation, attached hereto as Schedule 2 (the "Power of Attorney") (in accordance with the instructions set out in Section 5.4 (Bonds registered with a nominee)) to the Agent. Please contact the securities firm you hold your Bonds through if you do not know how your Bonds are registered or if you need authorisation or other assistance to participate. The Agent must receive the Voting Form no later than 17:00 (CET) on 13 December 2017 either by regular mail, courier or e-mail to the Agent using the contact details set out in Section 5.7 (Addressfor sending replies) below. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded. To be eligible to participate in the Written Procedure, a person must meet the criteria for being a Holder on 22 November 2017 (the "Record Date"). This means that the person must be registered on a Securities Account with the CSD, as a direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to one or several Bonds. The information in this notice (including enclosures) is provided by the Issuer, and the Agent expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to the contents of this notice and the Request (as defined below).
1

1. Background The Issuer has entered into a sale and purchase agreement regarding the sale of the shares in Fastighets AB Uppfinnaren 1 who owns the property Stockholm Uppfinnaren 1 (the "Property"). The transaction is expected to close on 1 December 2017. The purchase price amounts to SEK 934 million. The Issuer has also entered into an agreement on the purchase of all shares in Barnhusväder Holding 1 AB (under change of name to Skurusundsbryggan Holding AB) ("Holding"). Holding has claims against Bostadsrättsföreningen Skurusundsbryggan ("Bostadsrättsföreningen") amounting to approximately SEK 308 million. Bostadsrättsföreningen is the owner of five properties (Nacka Björknäs 1:7, 1:72, 1:41, 18:4 and 1:8) (the "Nacka Properties"). For further information on the sale ofthe Property and the acquisition of the Nacka Properties, please refer to the press releases from the Issuer dated 8 November 2017 and 17 November 2017.
In connection with the closing of the sale of the Property, the Issuer will lend SEK 125 million to Bostadsrättsföreningen. The purpose of the loan is to refinance existing debt of Bostadsrättsföreningen. On the same date as the loan is disbursed, Bostadsrättsföreningen will grant the existing mortgage deeds in the Nacka Properties as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Terms and Conditions.
The Issuer has received support from representatives of beneficial holders of the Bonds holding more than two thirds of the votes for making certain amendments of the Terms and Conditions in respect of, inter alia, interest, parent guarantee and undertakings, negative undertakings in respect of Holding and Bostadsrättsföreningen and granting of security.
The Written Procedure has been initiated by the Issuer in order to formally document, inter alia, the beneficial holders' support of the amendments in the Terms and Condition, the entry into a guarantee and undertaking agreement by the Parent (the "Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement") and the entry into a pledge agreement regarding certain mortgage deeds by Bostadsrättsföreningen Skurusundet (the "Mortgage Agreement").
2. Proposals
2.1 Amendments of the Terms and Conditions
The proposed amendments to the Terms and Conditions are set out in Schedule 3, blue and underlined text indicates additions whereas red and crossed-out text indicates removals.
As set forth in Schedule 1, the Issuer's obligations under the Bonds will be secured and provisions relating to security and guarantees to be granted will be added to the Terms and Conditions. Further, the Interest Rate will be increased from 10.00 per cent. per annum to 11.00 per cent. per annum from (but excluding) the date when the amended and restated version of the Terms and Conditions has been duly signed by the Issuer and the Agent.
Provisions will also be included in the Terms and Conditions regarding a put option under which the Parent shall undertake to acquire all shares in Holding from the Issuer for a purchase price corresponding to 110 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (whereafter no New Issue shall be made), if Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have made a decision regarding such acquisition. Upon the Holders exercising the put option, the
2

Issuer will have an obligation to redeem all Bonds at a price equal to 110 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest.
In addition to the above, provisions will be included in the Terms and Conditions regarding capital injections to be made by the Parent if the aggregate market value ofthe Nacka Properties falls below SEK 175 million. The Parent shall in such case inject the difference between SEK 175 million and the market value to the Issuer. Valuation to be made once a year. The Parent's undertaking shall be limited to a total amount of SEK 35 million. Since the current market value of the Nacka Properties is SEK 170 million, the Parent shall make a capital injection amounting to SEK 5 million to the Issuer on or before the amendments come into force. Further, provisions regarding negative undertakings by Holding and Bostadsrättsföreningen in respect of financial indebtedness and security will also be included in the Terms and Conditions.
Certain consequential amendments and updates will also be made to the Terms and Conditions which includes any amendment necessary to comply with the rules and regulations of the CSD.
2.2 New documents
The Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement will be entered into between the Parent as guarantor and the Agent, on behalf of itselfand as representative ofthe Holders, as agent. Under the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement the Parent will guarantee (Sw. proprieborgen) to the Agent and each Holder (as represented by the Agent) as for its own debt (Sw. "såsom fö r egen skuld") the full and punctual payment by the Issuer of the obligations under the Terms and Conditions.
The Mortgage Agreement will be entered into by Bostadsrättsföreningen as pledgor and the Agent (for itself and on behalf ofthe Holders) for the purpose of granting a first ranking security over the existing mortgage deeds in the Nacka Properties in the total amount of approximately SEK 29.8 million as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Terms and Conditions.
Negative undertakings will also be made in separate letters (the "Negative Undertakings Letters") by Holding and Bostadsrättsföreningen as described above.
2.3 Request
The Holders are hereby requested to approve (i) the amendments to the Terms and Conditions set out in Schedule 3 and (ii) the entry into the new documents referred to in Section 2.2 ("New Documents") (the "Request").
2.4 Effective Date
The Request shall be deemed approved immediately when the voting period has elapsed and the required majority set forth in Section 5.6 has been received or if earlier, when a requisite majority of consents of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent.
The Issuer and the Agent shall, in order to implement and effectuate the Request, arrange for the amended and restated Terms and Conditions, the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement, the Negative Undertakings Letters and the Mortgage Agreement to be signed on the same date. The amended and restated Terms and Conditions, the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement, the Negative Undertakings Agreement and the Mortgage Agreement are intended to enter into force and become effective on 1 December 2017 unless otherwise
3

agreed between the Issuer and the Agent. In addition to the aforementioned, the Issuer and the Agent may agree to take any other action deemed required in order to implement the Request.
The Agent will in accordance with the Terms and Conditions notify the Holders of the date from which the amendments of the Terms and Conditions, the Guarantee Agreement, the Special Undertakings and the Mortgage Agreement become effective.
3. Consent
The Holders are hereby asked to approve the Request.
4. Non-reliance
The Request is presented to the Holders, without any evaluation, advice or recommendations from the Agent whatsoever. The Agent has not reviewed or assessed this Notice or the Request (and its effects, should it be adopted) from a legal or commercial perspective of the Holders and the Agent expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to the content of this Notice and the Request (and its effects, should it be adopted). The Holders are recommended to seek legal advice in order to independently evaluate whether the Request (and its effects) is acceptable or not.
5. Written Procedure
The following instructions need to be adhered to under the Written Procedure.
5.1 Final date to participate in the Written Procedure
The Agent must have received the votes by regular mail, courier or e-mail to the address indicated below no later than 17:00 (CET), 13 December 2017. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.
5.2 Decision procedure
The Agent will determine if received replies are eligible to participate under the Written Procedure as valid votes.
When a requisite majority of consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent, the Request shall be deemed to be adopted, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. Since the Issuer has informed that representatives of beneficial holders of the Bonds holding more than two thirds of the votes have given their support to making the amendments in the Terms and Condition in line with the Request, it may be the case that the Written Procedure will be closed and the Request approved before the expiry of the time period for replies.
Information about the decision(s) taken under the Written Procedure will (i) be sent by notice to the Holders and (ii) be published on the websites of (a) the Issuer and (b) the Agent.
A matter decided under the Written Procedure will be binding for all Holders, irrespective of them responding in the Written Procedure.
5.3 Voting rights and authorisation
Anyone who wishes to participate in the Written Procedure must on the Record Date 22 November 2017 be registered in the debt register as:
4

(a) a direct registered owner of a Securities Account; or (b) a nominee in a Securities Account, with respect to one or several Bonds. 5.4 Bonds registered with a nominee If you are not registered as a direct registered owner, but your Bonds are held through a registered nominee or another intermediary, you may have two different options to influence the voting for the Bonds. (1) You can ask the nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf to
vote in its own name as instructed by you. (2) You can obtain a Power of Attorney (Schedule 2) from the nominee or other intermediary
and send in your own Voting Form based on the authorisation. If you hold your Bonds through several intermediaries, you need to obtain authorisation directly from the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as Holder of the Securities Account, or from each intermediary in the chain of holders, starting with the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as a holder of the Securities Account as nominee or direct registered owner. Whether one or both of these options are available to you depends on the agreement between you and the nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf (and the agreement between the intermediaries, if there are more than one). The Agent recommends that you contact the securities firm that holds the Bonds on your behalf for assistance, if you wish to participate in the Written Procedure and do not know how your Bonds are registered or need authorisation or other assistance to participate. Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company do not entitle to any voting rights. 5.5 Quorum In order to form a quorum, Holders representing at least fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount must reply to the Request under the Written Procedure. If a quorum does not exist, the Agent shall initiate a second Written Procedure, provided that the Issuer has confirmed that relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Issuer. No quorum requirement will apply to such second Written Procedure. 5.6 Majority To approve the Request, at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders reply in the Written Procedure must consent to the Request. 5.7 Address for sending replies Return the Voting Form, Schedule 1, and, if applicable, the Power of Attorney/Authorisation in Schedule 2, by regular mail, scanned copy by e-mail, or by courier to:
5

By regular mail: Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) Attn: Written Procedure Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ) P.O. Box 7329 SE-103 90 Stockholm By courier: Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) Attn: Written Procedure Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ) Norrlandsgatan 23 SE-111 43 Stockholm By e-mail: E-mail: sweden@nordictrustee.com 6. FURTHER INFORMATION For questions regarding the Written Procedure, please contact the Agent at sweden@nordictrustee.com or +46 8 783 79 00. For further information regarding the Issuer or the Request, please contact: Navid Rostam Khesal, CEO of the Issuer, navid@oscarproperties.se or +46 72 745 61 38. Oscar Engelbert, founder and CEO of the Parent, oscar@oscarproperties.se or +46 70 568 00 01.
Stockholm 17 November 2017 NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL)
As Agent
6

Schedule 1 Schedule 2 Schedule 3

Enclosed:
V oting Form Pow er o f A ttorney/A uthorisation A m ended and R estated Term s and C onditions

7

VOTING FORM
Schedule 1
For the Holders' meeting by way of Written Procedure in respect of Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ)'s SEK 175,000,000 Junior Unsecured Callable Fixed Rate Perpetual Bonds ISIN SE0007278262.
The undersigned Holder or authorised person/entity (the "Voting Person"), votes either For or Against the Request by marking the applicable box below.
NOTE: I f the Voting Person is not registered as Holder (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), the Voting Person must enclose a Power o fAttorney/Authorisation, see Schedule 2.
Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Notice of Written Procedure from Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ) dated 17 November 2017.

n For the Request n Against the Request
Name of the Voting Person:

Capacity of the Voting Person:

Holder:

Voting Person's reg.no/id.no and country of incorporation/domicile

Securities Account number at Euroclear Sweden: (i f applicable)

Name and Securities Account number of custodian(s): (i f applicable)

Nominal Amount voted for (in SEK):

Contact person, daytime telephone number and e-mail adress:



authorised person:

2

Authorised signature and Name 231

Place, date:

1When voting in this capacity, no further evidence is required. 2When voting in this capacity, the person/entity voting must also enclose Power of Attorney/Authorisation (Schedule 2) from the Holder or other proof of authorisation showing the number of votes held on the Record Date (as defined in the Notice of Written Procedure from Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ) dated 17 November 2017). 3 If the undersigned is not a Holder according the Terms and Condition and has marked the box "authorised person", the undersigned - by signing this document - confirms that the Holder has been instructed to refrain from voting for the number of votes cast with this Voting Form.

POWER OF ATTORNEY/AUTHORISATION
Schedule 2
For the Holders' meeting by way of Written Procedure in respect of Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ)'s SEK 175,000,000 Junior Unsecured Callable Fixed Rate Perpetual Bonds ISIN SE0007278262 for which notice was given on 17 November 2017. NOTE: This Power o f Attorney/Authorisation document shall be filled out i f the Voting Person is not registered as Holder on the Securities Account, held with Euroclear Sweden. It must always be established a coherent chain ofpower o f attorneys derivedfrom the Holder. I.e. i f the person/entity filling out this Power o f Attorney/Authorisation in its capacity as "other intermediary ", the person/entity must enclose its Power o f Attorney/Authorisation from the Holder. Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Notice of Written Procedure from Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ) dated 17 November 2017.
Name of person/entity that is given authorisation (Sw. befullmaktigad) to vote as per the Record Date:
Nominal Amount (in SEK) the person/entity is authorised to vote for as per the Record Date:
Name of Holder or other intermediary giving the authorisation (Sw. fullmaktsgivaren):
We hereby confirm that the person/entity specified above (Sw. befullmaktigad) has the right to vote for the Nominal Amount set out above. We represent an aggregate Nominal Amount of: SEK _______________________ We are:
 Registered as Holder on the Securities Account
n Other intermediary and holds the Bonds through (specify below): Place, date:_________________________ F u llm a k tsg iv a re :_______________________________________________
Name: Authorised signature of Holder/other intermediary (Sw. fullmaktsgivaren)

AMENDED AND RESTATED TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Schedule 3
[Please refer to separate document]

Draft 17 November 2017
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR OSCAR PROPERTIES 5 AB (PUBL)PENDING CHANGE OF NAME
TO-UPPFINNAREN 1 AB (PUBL) MAXIMUM SEK 175,000,000
JUNIOR UNSECURED SECURED CALLABLE FIXED RATE PERPETUAL BONDS
ISIN: SE0007278262
Issue Date: 7 July 2015 as amended and restated on H December! 2017
The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certainjurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to
inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION............................................................................1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS.................................................................................. 66 3. STATUS OF THE BONDS............................................................................................ 66 4. USE OF PROCEEDS....................................................................................................66 5. SECURITY AND GUARANTEE...................................................................................... 6
THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY.......................................................................6& ©Z. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM.................................................................................62 7S. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER.............................................................716 ©§. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS...............................................................716 © m INTEREST................................................................................................................... ©H 4011.REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS.............................................. ©11 12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS.......................................................................................912 12. PARENT UNDERTAKINGS...................................................................................... 4612 14. FIRST AMENDMENT UNDERTAKINGS...................................................................... 14 4315.SUBSCRIPTION UNDERTAKING............................................................................. 4412 4415. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT............................................... 4716 1SZ. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS....................................................................................... 4712 1©S. HOLDERS' MEETING............................................................................................... 4612 172. WRITTEN PROCEDURE...........................................................................................4626 4325-AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS...............................................................................4621 4221.APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT.........................................4721 2022.APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT.........................7622 242. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS......................................................................7422 224. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES......................................................................... 7426 235. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY............................................... 7722 2425. LISTING.....................................................................................................................7722 202Z.GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION................................................................. 7722

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR OSCAR PROPERTIES 5 AB (PUBL) PENDING CHANGE OF NAME TO
UPPFINNAREN 1 AB (PUBL) MAXIMUM SEK 175,000,000 JUNIOR UNSECURED SECURED CALLABLE FIXED RATE PERPETUAL BONDS
ISIN: SE0007278262

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Acquisition Agreement" means the agreement in respect of the acquisition (directly or through the wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer, Oscar Properties 2 AB) of the Original Property or a company owning the Original Property, from Vasakronan.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Agent" means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE103 90 Stockholm, Sweden.

"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.

"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
1

"Bostadsrättsföreningen" means Bostadsrättsföreningen Skurusundsbrvggan. 769634 3735. P.O. Box 5132. 102 43 Stockholm. Sweden.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option Amount" means 110 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act tSw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all events and documents set forth in Clause 14^.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden A B ^ je g . no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Escrow Account" means the Issuer's bank account with account number 8327 9,944 425 649-0 held with the Escrow Bank and which has been pledged under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent before the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Escrow Bank" means Swedbank AB (publ), reg. no. 502017-7753, SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer which shall be prepared and made available according to Clause 142.6.1(a).
"First Amendment Date" means the date when the amended and restated version of these Terms and Conditions has been duly signed hv the Issuer and the Agent, being H December! 2017.
"First Amendment Documents" means the amended and restated version of these Terms and Conditions (dated H December! 20171. the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement, the Negative Undertaking Letter and the Mortgage Agreement.
2

"First Call Date" means the date falling 60 months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 23-1.1.
"Group" the Issuer, the Parent and all the Subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 4é 18 (Holders'Meeting).
"Holding" means Bamhusväder Holding 1 AB funder change of name to Skurusundshrvggan Holding AB!. reg. no. 556968-9135. c/o Oscar Properties AB. P.O. Box 5123. 102 43 Stockholm. Sweden.
"Holding Shares Put Ontion Event" means the acquisition hv the Parent of all shares in Holding after the Holders' exercising the nut option set forth in Clause 14.1tc¥il.
"Income" has the meaning set forth in Clause 123.1(b).
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 2A 2-210.1-10.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 7 July and 7 January each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 7 January 2016).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a fixed rate-±
tal which during the period from Chut excluding! the Issue Date un to land including! the First Amendment Date amounts to 10.00 per cent, per annum-^ and
th! which during the period from Chut excluding! the First Amendment Date amounts t o l 1.00 ner cent, ner annum.
"Issue Date" means 7 July 2015.
"Issuer" means Oscar Properties 5 AB (publ) (pending change of name to Uppfinnaren 1 AB (publ)), reg. no. 556998-2936, c/o Oscar Properties AB, P.O. Box 5123, SE-102 43, Stockholm, Sweden.
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
3

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Company, (b) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Mortgage Agreement" means the mortgage agreement entered into between Bostadsrättsföreningen as nledgor and the Agent !for itself and on behalf of the Holders) on the First Amendment Date for the nurnose of granting a first ranking security over the existing mortgage deeds in the Properties in the total amount of approximately SEK 29.8 million as security for the Issuer's obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
"Nasdaq First North" means multilateral trading facility operated by NASDAQ OMX Nasdaq Stockholm AB-^reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden)-=under the name "First North".
"Negative Undertaking Letters" means the letters from Holding and Bostadsrättsföreningen described in Clause 14.1(d). dated on the First Amendment Date.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account.
"New Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 121.1(c).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Original Pronertv" means the nronertv Stockholm Unnfinnaren 1. located at Valhallavägen 136. Artillerigatan 64-66. Skennargatan 65.
"Parent" means Oscar Properties Holding AB (publ), reg. no. 556870-4521. Box 5123-^SE102 43, Stockholm.
"Parent Guarantee" means the guarantee granted hv the Parent under the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement.
"Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Parent and the Agent on the First Amendment Date under which the Parent til guarantees tSw. vrovrieboreen) to the Agent and each Holder fas represented hv the Agent) as for its own debt tSw. såsom för eeen skuld) the full and punctual performance hv the Issuer of the Issuer's obligations under these Terms and Conditions, and tiil undertakes tal to acquire all shares in Holding as described in Clause 14.1(c¥il and th) to make capital injections to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.1tc¥iil.
"Parent Undertakings" means the undertakings of the Parent made in a separate letter for the benefit of the Issuer as described in Clause 42-13 (Parent Undertakings).
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association,joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or
4

any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.

"Property" means the property Stockholm Uppfinnaren 1, located at Valhallavägen 136, Artillerigatan 61-66, Skeppargatan 65.

"Properties" means the properties Nacka Björknäs 1:7. Nacka Björknäs 1:72. Nacka Biörknäs l:41.Nacka Biörknäs 18:4andNacka Biörknäs 1:8.

"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 14^.4 (Conditions Precedentfor Disbursement), (iv) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.

"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 40-11 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).

"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).

"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Central Securities and Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.

"SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.

"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer or the Parent, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00%. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00% of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 44-19 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

5

1.2.2
1.2.3 1.2.4 2. 2.1
2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 3.

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;
(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 175,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0007278262. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
The Issuer shall have no obligation to repay the Bonds or to pay Interest and any such repayment or payment of interest will be made at the Issuer's sole discretion.
The Issuer undertakes to act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms these Terms and Conditions.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The Bonds constitute subordinated unsubordinated and unsecured secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least nari passu with all subordinated other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among them. The Bonds are anticipated to be treated as equity under the Accounting Principles. The Bonds are as from the First Amendment Date secured hv the Mortgage Agreement.

6

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

4.1

The Issuer shall establish the Escrow Account prior to the Issue Date. On the Issue Date, the

Issuing Agent shall transfer the Net Proceeds to the Escrow Account. For the purpose of

securing that the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled before the

disbursements from the Escrow Account is made to the Issuer, the Escrow Account will be

pledged in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).

4.2

Upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement, the Net Proceeds standing to

the credit of the Escrow Account shall without delay be transferred to the Issuer, whereby

the Net Proceeds shall be used by the Issuer towards the financing of the of the Original

Property in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement.

5,

SECURITY AND GUARANTEE

5.1

The Issuer shall ensure that the Mortgage Agreement and the Parent Guarantee and

Undertaking Agreement and all documents relating thereto are duly executed in favour of the

Agent and the Holders fas represented hv the Agent) on or before the First Amendment Date

and that such documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect

according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and/or procure the execution of such

further documentation as the Agent mav reasonably require in order for the Holders and the

Agent to at all times maintain the security position and guarantee position envisaged under

these Terms and Conditions.

5.2

The Agent shall hold the security granted under the Mortgage Agreement on behalf of itself

and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Mortgage

Agreement.

5.3

Except if otherwise decided hv the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses 17

(Decisions by Holders'). Clause 18 (Holders'Meeting and Clause 19 (Written ProcedureE

the Agent is. without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into

binding agreements with the Issuer, the Parent. Holding. Bostadsrättsföreningen or other

third parties if it is. in the Agent's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of establishing.

maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the security granted under the Mortgage

Agreement or the Parent Guarantee or for the purpose of settling the Holders' rights to the

those agreements, respectively. The Agent is entitled to take all measures available to it

according to the Mortgage Agreement and the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking

Agreement.

5.4

If the Issuer does not nav on the due date anv amount payable hv it under these Terms and

Conditions land such failure to nav is not due to technical or administrative error which is

remedied within 5 Business Days'), the Agent is. without first having to obtain the Holders'

consent, entitled to enforce the security granted under the Mortgage Agreement and/or the

Parent Guarantee in such manner and under such conditions that the Agent finds acceptable

tif in accordance with the Mortgage Agreement and the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking

Agreement, respectively!.

7

5.5

If a Holders' Meeting has been convened, or a Written Procedure has been instigated, to

decide on the enforcement of all or anv of the security granted under the Mortgage

Agreement and/or the enforcement of the Parent Guarantee due to the Issuer's failure to nav

anv amount due under these Terms and Conditions on the due date land such failure to nav

is not due to technical or administrative error which is remedied within 5 Business Davsi.

the Agent is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the

security and/or the guarantee. If the Holders, without anv prior initiative from the Agent or

the Issuer, have made a decision regarding enforcement of anv of the security granted under

the Mortgage Agreement and/or enforcement of the Parent Guarantee in accordance with the

procedures set out in Clauses 17 (Decisions by Holders'). Clause 18 (Holders'Meeting') and

Clause 19 (Written Procedure1. the Agent shall promptly enforce the security granted under

the Mortgage Agreement and/or enforce the Parent Guarantee. The Agent is however not

liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for enforcement not to he at hand, unless

the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the

Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.

5.6

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) on behalf of the Holders in connection

with the enforcement of anv or all of the security granted under the Mortgage Agreement or

the enforcement of the Parent Guarantee constitute escrow funds ISw. redovisningsmedel)

according to the Escrow Funds Act !Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must he

held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and anv other interested

party. The Agent shall promptly arrange for payments to he made to the Holders in such

case. If the Agent deems it appropriate, it mav. in accordance with Clause 5.7. instruct the

CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.

5.7

For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Agent under these Terms and

Conditions and for the purpose of distributing anv funds originating from the enforcement of

the security granted under the Mortgage Agreement or the enforcement of the Parent

Guarantee, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent to act in the name of

the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the

Holders. To the extent permissible hv law, the powers set out in this Clause 5.7 are

irrevocable and shall he valid for as long as anv Bond remain outstanding. The Issuer shall

immediately upon request hv the Agent provide the Agent with anv such documents.

including a written power of attorney tin form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction!.

which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of distributing the proceeds to the persons

entitled thereto (including as required hv the CSD in order for the CSD to accent such

payment instructions). Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the

Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the hank account

registered with the CSD to a hank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD

to nav out funds originating from an enforcement to the Holders through the CSD.

5.8

The Agent shall, upon the Issuer's written request and expense, promptly release:

lal the security over the mortgage deeds in the Properties created under the Mortgage Agreement: and

8

Ibl the Guarantor from its obligations under the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement.
when all the Issuer's obligations under these Terms and Conditions have been duly and irrevocably paid and discharged in full.

&

StTHE bonds and transferability

6.1

5r+Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further

actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

A^The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

AAUpon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations (including without limitation the obligations set out in Clause 43-15 (Subscription Undertaking)) under these Terms and Conditions relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

6.4

A4No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other

material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where

action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any

applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to,

e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each

Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

AAFor the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

L

StBONDS in book-entry form

7.1

ATThe Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and

no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance

with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.

7.2

AAThose who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and

Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

7.3

A3The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall

be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in

respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such

information and provide it to the Agent.

9

7.4

6r4-For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure,

the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the

CSD in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such

debt register as contemplated under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent shall at

the request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the

Agent.

7.5

6r#The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Holders.

7.6

AAAt the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to

the Agent.

&

BRIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

8.1

7r4If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under these Terms and

Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers

of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of

authorisation for such Person.

8.2

2r2A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Bonds for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Holder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Holder by way of a further power of attorney.

8.3

2r3The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 2t4-8.1 and 2t2-8.2 and may

assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that

it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

g,

^PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9.1

SAAny payment or repayment under these Terms and Conditions, or any amount due in

respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a

Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is

registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment,

repayment or repurchase amount.

Sr2If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any other payment made under these Terms and Conditions shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some

10

other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

M

&r3-If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accrue in accordance with Clause 9t5-10.5 during such postponement.

9A

Sr4If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause %-g(Payments in respect

o f the Bonds), the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to

pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such

amount.

M

S-AThe Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

Bond Issue but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent

required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax

payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public

fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any

withholding tax.

10=

^INTEREST

10.1

^AThe Bonds will bear Interest at the applicable Interest Rate applied to the Nominal

Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption

Date.

10.2

^ In te re st accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds

shall, in the Issuer's sole discretion, be made semi-annually in arrears to the Holders on each

Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.

10.3

^ In te re st shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days comprising twelve months

of 30 days each (30/360-days basis).

10.4

9r4In the event that the Issuer elects to not pay Interest on any Interest Payment Date it shall

give notice thereof to the Holders and the Agent not later than five Business Days prior to

such Interest Payment Date.

10.5

9AIn the event that the Issuer elects to not pay any amount payable by it under these Terms

and Conditions on its due date, an additional interest of 10 per cent per annum shall accrue

on the unpaid interest from, but excluding, the due date up to and including the date of actual

payment.

^REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS

11.1

4£r4The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds

Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.

11

11.2 11.2.1 11.2.2
11.3
12, 12.1
12.2 12.3

4Gr2Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
10.2.1The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
10.2.2Redemption in accordance with Clause 101.2.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory redemption due to a Holding Shares Put Option Event
Unon a Holding Shares Put Potion Event, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to 110 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. The redemption of the Bonds shall be made bv the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Davs' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Such notice shall state the relevant Interest Payment Date on which the redemption shall be made, the redemption amount and the relevant Record Date.
44vSPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in Clauses 14-2.1 - 142.6.
44r4Listing of Bonds
The Issuer shall ensure (i) that the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq First North or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, MTF or Regulated Market within 12 months after the Issue Date and (ii) that the Bonds, once admitted to trading on First North or a stock exchange, MTF or Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of First North or the relevant stock exchange, MTF or Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
44rSNature of business
The Issuer shall make no substantial change to the general nature of its business to be other than the business carried out by the Group on the Issue Date.
44r3Disposals of assets
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Subsidiary of the Issuer or of all or substantially all of its or any of its Subsidiary's assets or operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction (taken as a whole also taking into account any transaction ancillary or related thereto) is carried out at

12

12.4 12.5 12.6 12.6.1
12.6.2

fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
44r4Dealings with related parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that any Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders, at arm's length terms.
44r£Compliance with laws etcetera
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company.
44r£Financial reporting etcetera
11.6.1The Issuer shall:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement to the Agent not later than 4 months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including documents amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the Group's website;
(c) prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with the Accounting Principles and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq First North (or any stock exchange, MTF or Regulated, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and, as applicable, the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).
11.6.2The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction referred to in Clause 142.3 {Disposals o f assets) and shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably), and (ii) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) above.

13

12.7 12.7.1
12.7.2 12, 13.1

44r7Agent Agreement
11.7.1The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.
11.7.2The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders.
APPARENT UNDERTAKINGS
TJAThe Parent has made the following undertakings in a separate letter for the benefit of the Issuer and the Holders and shall not be allowed to vary such undertakings without the consent of the Holders:
(a) not to transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares in the Issuer other than to direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Parent provided that the Parent shall be liable for the transferee's compliance hereunder and that it shall always hold the shares in the Issuer within its group;
(b) to guarantee that the rental income of the Issuer, including supplements for heating and cooling, electricity, waste and property tax, ("Income") is at least SEK 35 million each financial year. The Income shall be determined by the Issuer for the periods from and including 1 July up to and including 31 December and from and including 1 January up to and including 30 June and be notified to the Agent not later than 28 February and 31 August, respectively. In the event that the Income for any such six month period is less than SEK 17.5 million the Parent shall contribute an amount equal to the difference between the actual Income and SEK 17.5 million as equity to the Issuer (however in no event more than SEK 3.5 million per Financial Year). The first determination of Income shall be done not later than 28 February 2016 and shall be in respect of the period from and including the date of closing of acquisition of the Original Property up to and including 31 December 2015, and the level of Income guaranteed for such period shall be proportional to the length of the period as compared to the period of 1 July -3 1 December;
(c) to, in the event that the Call Option has not been exercised within 12 months of the First Call Date, propose and resolve on (and take all other commercially reasonable actions as shareholder of the Issuer to effect), not later than three months thereafter, a new issue of shares in the Issuer directed to the Holders
14

whereby the Holders shall set-off their claims under the Bonds against shares in the Issuer equivalent to 75% of the entire outstanding share capital of the Issuer at such time in proportion to their holding of Bonds (based on the Nominal Amount) at such time (the "New Issue");

(d) to, in the event of a New Issue, contribute SEK 25 million as equity to the Issuer prior to the New Issue; and

(e) to, in the event of redemption of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14fi.4, contribute an amount to the Issuer equivalent to the difference between the amount on the Escrow Account and the amount which is to be paid by the Issuer to the Holders in such event.

14

FIRST AMENDMENT UNDERTAKINGS

14.1

The Issuer shall on the First Amendment Date tor such other date as agreed between the

Issuer and the Agent) deliver to the Agent:

!at conies of constitutional documents of the Issuer, the Parent. Holding and Bostadsrättsföreningen:

th! conies of resolutions of the hoard of directors of each of the Issuer, the Parent Holding and Bostadsrättsföreningen approving the entry into the First Amendment Documents to which it is a nartv and authorising a specified person or persons to execute the First Amendment Documents to which it is a party on its behalf:

!ct the Parent Guarantee and Undertaking Agreement duly executed which shall include undertakings from the Parent:

(i) for the benefit of the Issuer and the Holders, to acquire all shares in Holding from the Issuer for a purchase price corresponding to 110 per cent, of the Nominal Amount (whereafter no New Issue shall he made), if Holders representing at least two thirds 12/31 of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, without anv prior initiative to decision from the Agent, have made a decision regarding such acquisition in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders) and instructed the Agent to act accordingly during a period starting on the sixth anniversary of the Issue Date and ending on three months thereafter:

!iit for the benefit of the Issuer and the Holders, til to make a capital injection to the Issuer in case the aggregate market value of the Properties falls below SEK 175 million according to the most recent valuation prepared hv an independent appraiser in connection with the preparation of the vearlv financial statements for Bostadsrättsföreningen (first valuation to he made in connection with the preparation of the annual report for 20171. (if) that such capital injection shall amount to the difference between SEK 175 million and the market value, provided

15

however that the undertaking shall be limited to a total amount of SEK 35 million, and (in') to make a capital injection amounting to SEK 5 million to the Issuer on or before the First Amendment Date:

Id! Negative Undertaking Letters duly executed hv each of Holding and Bostadsrättsföreningen in which each of them undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the Holders that it shall not incur anv new financial indebtedness or grant anv new security for financial indebtedness except for anv loan granted for the refinancing of existing debt of Bostadsrättsföreningen: and

lei a conv of the loan agreement evidencing the loan granted hv the Issuer to Bostadsrättsföreningen in the amount of SEK 125.000.000:

Ifl the Mortgage Agreement duly executed.

14.2

The Agent is not responsible for reviewing the documents and evidence referred to in this

Clause 14 from a legal or commercial perspective on behalf of the Holders. The Agent mav

assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to this Clause 14 is

accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete and the Agent does not have

to verify or assess the contents of anv such documentation.

n,

^SUBSCRIPTION UNDERTAKING

15.1

43r4Each Holder, as of a Record Date set forth in a press release issued by the Issuer and

notified by the Issuer to the Agent prior to the New Issue, undertakes in favour of the Issuer,

the Parent and the other Holders to subscribe for its proportional share (based on the

Nominal Amount of Bonds) in the New Issue and to pay for such subscription by way of set

off against all Bonds held by the Holder. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder

confirms such undertaking to subscribe for and pay by way of set-off shares in the Issuer in

the New Issue.

15.2

43-r2By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all

matters relating to the New Issue and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first

having to obtain its consent) by subscribing for such Holders proportion of shares in the

New Issue and to pay for such shares by way of set-off. The Holders and the Issuer shall

provide all information reasonably requested by the Agent to comply with this Clause 1^5.2,

including in accordance with Clause AA7.6. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder

confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.

Notwithstanding this Clause 1^5.2 it is the responsibility of each Holder to comply with the

subscription undertaking set out in Clause 1^5.1 and the Agent shall have no liability

towards the Holders for any action in accordance with this Clause 1^5.2 or for any failure to

subscribe for shares in the New Issue (including any loss in connection with Clause 1^5.3).

15.3

43r3-In the event of the New Issue having been resolved on, any Bonds not used as payment

by way of set-off in the New Issue within a period of 10 Business Days from the start of the

subscription period shall be automatically cancelled and be null and void.

16

44.C0NDITI0NS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT

16.1

444The Agent's approval of the disbursements from the Escrow Account of the Net

Proceeds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account is subject to the following events

having taken place and the following documents having been received by the Agent, in form

and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):

(a) a letter signed by the chairman of the board and the managing director of the Parent and the Issuer certifying that any conditions to closing of the transaction described in the Acquisition Agreement have been satisfied or is reasonably likely to be satisfied and that the Issuer intends to close the transaction contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement.

16.2

44r2When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set out above have been fulfilled to

the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall without delay instruct the

Escrow Bank to transfer the Net Proceeds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account to

the Issuer, whereby the Group shall use the Net Proceeds so released in accordance with

Clause 4.2.

16.3

44r^The Agent may assume that the documents presented under Clause 14b.l are correct,

and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness

of such documents.

16.4

44r4If the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have not been satisfied or waived by the

Agent at the latest by 15 September 2015, the Bonds shall not later than 21 September 2015

be redeemed at 101% of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and

the Agent shall have the right to enforce the pledge over the Escrow Account by

withdrawing any and all funds from the Escrow Account and shall to pay such funds to the

Holders.

XL

^DECISIO NS BY HOLDERS

17.1

T5AA request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms

and Conditions shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by

way of a Written Procedure.

17.2

45-5Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10 per cent, of

the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a

Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received

by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by themjointly) for a decision

by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be directed to the

Agent and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined

by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making,

but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders'

Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting.

17.3

45-^The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the

17

Holders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

17.4

45-40nly a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof

of authorisation pursuant to Clause 3-QfRight to act on behalf o f a Holder) from a Person

who is, registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 152.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

17.5

45r5The following matters shall, subject to Clause 18.lta20.ltat and (b), require consent of

Holders representing at the following proportions, respectively, of the Adjusted Nominal

Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a

Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 152.3:

(a) two thirds (2/3) to tit amend a provision in the Terms and Conditions and the First Amendment Documents, and tiii to release the security granted under the Mortgage Agreement or the Parent Guarantee: and

(b) three quarters (3/4) to (i) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount, (ii) amend any payment day for principal or interest amount, (iii) amend the Parent Undertaking, and (iv) amend the provisions regarding the majority requirements under the Terms and Conditions.

17.6

45-AAny matter not covered by Clause 15-1.5 shall require the consent of Holders

representing more than 50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are

voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in

accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 152.3. This includes, but is not

limited to, any amendment to or waiver of these Terms and Conditions that does not require

a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to Clause 4&T

20.1 tat or (b)) or a termination of the Bonds.

17.7

45r5If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the

Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure,

will prevail.

17.8

45r&Quoram at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a

Holder (or Holders) representing at least 50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in

case of a matter pursuant to Clause 151.5, and otherwise 20 per cent, of the Adjusted

Nominal Amount:

18

17.9
17.10 17.11 17.12
17.13 17.14 17.15
17.16

(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
d^r^If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause lb£.l) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 152.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 15-1.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
15.10Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
15.11A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
15.12The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
15.13A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
15.HA11 costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
15.15If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
TATblnformation about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written
19

Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

4rHOLDERS' MEETING

18.1

46AThe Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder

no later than 5 Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or

such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).

18.2

46AShould the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in

accordance with Clause 16S.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders

pursuant to Clause 19.1.321.4.3. the Issuer shall no later than 5 Business Days after receipt

of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative

reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16S.1.

18.3

46AThe notice pursuant to Clause 16&. 1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for

the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the

Holders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the

notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the

Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be

included in the notice.

18.4

4A4-The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than 10 Business Days and no later than

20 Business Days from the notice.

18.5 f&AIf the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting within 20 Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.

18.6 4A6At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.

18.7

4AAWithout amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe

such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the

Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote

without attending the meeting in Person.

20

19,

474WRITTEN PROCEDURE

19.1

45r4The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than 10 Business Days after

receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary

for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person

who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the

communication is sent.

19.2

45r2Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance

with Clause 15£.l to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.

19.3

45r5A communication pursuant to Clause 15£. 1 shall include (i) each request for a decision

by the Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the

Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to

exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for

replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as

well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the

Holder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least 15 Business Days from the

communication pursuant to Clause 152.1). If the voting shall be made electronically,

instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

19.4

45r4If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written

Procedure within 10 Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person

may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall

upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the

register kept by the CSD.

19.5

45r5When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to

Clause 1-51.5 and 151.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision

shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 151.5 or 151.6, as the case may be, even if

the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

20,

AStAMENDMENTS a n d w a iv e r s

20.1

4&4The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend these

Terms and Conditions or waive any provision in these Terms and Conditions, provided that:

(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(c) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 45-17 (Decisions by Holders).

20.2

45r3The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any

amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions. It is sufficient if such consent

approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.

21

20.3
20.4 21 21.1 21.1.1
21.1.2
21.1.3 21.1.4 21.1.5 21.2

4&r3The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 4&A20.L setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Group and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
4&4An amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
^APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
4£r4Appointment of Agent
19.1.1By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
19.1.2Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
19.1.3The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
19.1.^The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent's obligations as agent under these Terms and Conditions are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
19.1.5The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
4$r2Duties of the Agent
21.2.1 19.2.1The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent. 22

21.2.2

19.2.2The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.

21.2.3

19.2.3When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.

21.2.4

The Agent's duties under these Terms and Conditions are solelv mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent onlv acts in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and unon instructions from the Holders, unless otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions. In narticular. the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal. financial or otherwise! to the Holders or anv other Person.

21.2.5

The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance hv the Issuer of the terms of these Terms and Conditions unless, and onlv to the extent, it is exuresslv set out in these Terms and Conditions, or to take anv steus to ascertain whether anv event of default tor anv event that mav lead to an event of default! has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrarv. the Agent is entitled to assume that no event of default tor anv event that mav lead to an event of default! has occurred.

21.2.6

19.2.!The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under these Terms and Conditions.

21.2.7

19.2.5The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in these Terms and Conditions.

21.2.8

19.2.6The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information.

21.2.9

19.2.7The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts (i) engaged for the purpose of investigating or considering a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or (ii) when the Agent is to make a determination under these Terms and Conditions.

21.2.10

d^r^r^Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

21.2.11

19.2.9If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may

23

21.2.12 21.3 21.3.1 21.3.2
21.3.3
21.3.4 21.3.5 21.4 21.4.1 21.4.2

refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
19.2.10The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms and Conditions, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2.921.2.11.
4$r3Limited liability for the Agent
19.3.1The Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
19.3.2The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged hv addressed to the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
19.3.3The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions to be paid by the Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
19.3.^The Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 45-17 (.Decisions by Holders) or in connection with Clause 135.2 (Subscription Undertaking).
19.3.5Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, these Terms and Conditions shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions.
4$r4Replacement of the Agent
19.TlSubject to Clause 19.^.621.4.6. the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
19.T2Subject to Clause 19.^.621.4.6. if the Agent is insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within 10 Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

24

21. 4.3
21. 4.4 21. 4.5 21. 4.6 21. 4.7
21. 4.8
22,
22.1 22.2

19.4.3A Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
19.4.4If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within 90 calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
19A5The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under these Terms and Conditions.
19.T6The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
19.T7Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of these Terms and Conditions but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
19.4.8In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause T9-421,4. the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
^APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
2Qr4The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
2Qr2The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution
25

23, 23.1 23.2
24, 24.1 24.1.1
24.1.2

approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
24vNO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS
44t4A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any otherjurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
Clause 241.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 19.1.221.1.21. such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms and Conditions or the Agent Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 19.2.921.2.11. such failure must continue for at least 40 Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2.10 21.2.12 before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 241.1.
22rNOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
22r4Notices
22.1.1Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
22.1.2Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal
26

24.1.3 24.2 24.2.1 24.2.2
25, 25.1
25.4 25,

delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 234.1.1 or, in case of letter, 3 Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 234.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 234.1.1.
22.1.3Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
22r3Press releases
22.2.1Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clause 101.2, 131.16, 16&.1, 139 1.40-320.3. 19.2 10 21.2 12 and. 19.4.1 21.4 1 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
22.2.2In addition to Clause 234-2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
23tFORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
33r4Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
33r3The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
33r3Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
33r4The provisions in this Clause 33--25 annlv unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
24rLI STING
The Issuer intends to list the Bonds within 30 calendar days after the Issue Date on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq First North (or any stock exchange, MTF or Regulated
27

Market) and has undertaken to list the Bonds and keep the Bonds listed in accordance with Clause 1+2.1.

2L

^GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

27.1

2A4These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

27.2

2+r+Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to

Clause 2+1.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be

the court of first instance.

27.3

2+r+The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the

Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court

which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

28

We hereby certify that the above amended and restated Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves. Place and date: OSCAR PROPERTIES 5 IJPPFINNAREN 1 AR (PUBL) as Issuer Name: We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above amended and restated Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place and date: NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL! as Agent Name:
29

