DDM Treasury Sweden AB announces that the noteholders have approved the amendments to its senior secured notes

Press release issued by DDM Holding AG and DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ) Page 1 of 2

12 June 2015

On 18 May 2015, DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ) ("DDM Treasury") initiated a written procedure (the "Written Procedure") for the purpose to allow noteholders to vote on certain amendments (the "Notes Exchange") to the up to SEK 500 million Senior Secured Notes with ISIN SE0005280831 (the "Notes").
The Written Procedure was closed on 11 June 2015. The noteholders under the Notes approved DDM Treasury's proposal with a majority of 99.6 per cent of the votes cast in the Written Procedure. The decision items follow from the notice of the Written Procedure dated 18 May 2015. The Notes Exchange will become effective on 23 June 2015 (the "Effective Date").
DDM Treasury will on the Effective Date make an extra cash payment equal to four (4) per cent of the nominal amount for each Note to each person who is registered as a noteholder on 15 June 2015.
Further, DDM Treasury will, on or before the Effective Date, procure that all shares in the entities DDM Invest I AG, DDM Invest II AG, DDM Invest III AG, DDM Invest IV AG and DDM Invest X AG are transferred to the direct ownership of DDM Treasury and pledged to the certain secured parties (including the holders of Notes).
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes, the resolutions resolved in the Written Procedure are binding on all holders of Notes irrespective of them having participated in the Written Procedure and irrespective of how and if they have voted.
The amended and restated terms and conditions of the Notes and the intercreditor agreement will on the Effective Date be available at the websites www.ddmgroup.ch, section "Investors" -> "Bond loan 2013" and www.corpnordic.com.
Comment from the CFO of DDM Holding AG The CFO of DDM Holding AG, Fredrik Olsson, commented: "We are happy that we have the solid support of the noteholders to amend and restate the terms and conditions of our senior secured notes. It was important to address this question early on to remove uncertainty regarding the refinancing of the notes. The noteholders have provided their long-term commitment, which gives us confidence when looking forward and we expect to increase our investments further in the coming months."

Press release issued by DDM Holding AG and DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ) Page 2 of 2

12 June 2015

For more information, please visit DDM's website at www.ddm-group.ch or contact:
Anders Antonsson, Investor Relations Mail: a.antonsson@ddm-group.ch | Tel: +46 8 4080 9030
The information in this press release is of the type which DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ) must disclose in accordance with the Swedish Securities Market Act. The information was made public on 12 June 2015 at 08:00 a.m. CET.
DDM Holding AG (Nasdaq First North Stockholm: DDM) is a multinational investor and manager of distressed assets. Since 2007, the DDM Group has built a successful platform in Eastern Europe, with over 2 million receivables in nominal value over EUR 1.4 billion. DDM Treasury Sweden AB (publ) (NGM: DDM1) is a subsidiary wholly owned by DDM Holding AG. Pareto Securities is DDM Holding AG's Certified Adviser.

© 2015 DDM Holding AG

