FINAL TERMS
5 September 2013
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS Issue of EUR 100,000,000 Floating Rate Notes due 11 September 2018 (Extendable to 11
September 2019) Series 2013/5 tranche 1 under the 25,000,000,000
Global Medium Term Covered Note Programme
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Ordinary Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 April 2013 which constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 2003/71/EC) (as amended by Directive 2010/73/EU (the 2010 PD Amending Directive), the Prospectus Directive). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market o f the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

1.

Issuer:

2.

(i)

Series Number:

(ii) Tranche Number:

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

4

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(i) Series:

5.

Issue Price:

6.

(a) Specified Denominations:

(b) Calculation Amount:

7.

(i)

Issue Date:

(ii) Interest Commencement Date:

8.

Maturity Date:

9.

Extended Final Maturity Date:

SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS 2013/5 1 EUR
EUR 100,000,000 99,90 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount EUR 100,000 EUR 100,000 11 September 2013 11 September 2013 11 September 2018 11 September 2019 If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified and the

10. Interest Basis: 11. Redemption/Payment Basis: 12. Change of Interest Basis or
Redemption/Payment Basis:
13. Put/Call Options:

Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity Date, payment of the unpaid amount will be automatically deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid in full or in part by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. See Condition 5(a).
3-month EURIBOR +0.16 per cent. Floating Rate. From and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date. (further particulars specified below)
Redemption at par
If the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then payment on the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date.
See also Interest Basis
Not Applicable

14. Date of Board approval for issuance of Notes

obtained:

14 June 2013

15. Method of distribution:

Non-syndicated

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

16. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

17. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable, relating to the period from and including the Maturity Date to but excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date.

(i)

Specified Period(s)/Specified

Interest Payment Dates:

Short first Interest Period from (and including) Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Specified Interest

Payment Date. Thereafter each subsequent period beginning on (and including) a Specified Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next following Specified Interest Payment Date is herein called a "Specified Period".
First Interest will be payable on 11 December 2013. Thereafter Interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on 11 March, 11 June, 11 September and 11 December and each year commencing on 11 December 2013 and ending on the Maturity Date, or, if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified below (each a "Specified Interest Payment Date").

A reference to an Interest Payment Date shall also be deemed to include a Specified Interest Payment Date.

(ii) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(iii) Additional Business Centre(s):

TARGET

(iv) Manner in which the Rate of

Interest and Interest Amount is to be

determined:

ISDA Determination

(v) Party responsible for calculating the

Rate of Interest and Interest

Amount:

Principal Paying Agent

(vi) Screen Rate Determination:

Not Applicable

(vii) ISDA Determination:

-

Floating Rate Option:

EUR EURIBOR

-

Designated Maturity:

3 months

-

Reset Date:

The first day of each Interest Period

(viii) Margin(s):

+ 0.16 per cent, per annum

(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(x) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(xi) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

(xii) Fall-back provisions, rounding Not Applicable provisions and any other terms relating to the method of calculating interest on Floating Rate Notes, if different from those set out in the Conditions:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 18. Issuer Call: 19. Investor Put: 20. Final Redemption Amount of each Note:

Not Applicable
Not Applicable
EUR 100,000 per Note of EUR 100,000 Specified Denomination.

21. Early Redemption Amount of each Note Not Applicable payable on redemption and/or the method of calculating the same (if required or if different from that set out in Condition 5(d)):

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

22. Form of Notes:

(i)

Form:

Bearer Notes

(ii) New Global Note:

Yes

23. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions relating to Payment Dates: TARGET

24. Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be No attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature):

25. Details relating to Partly Paid Notes; amount Not Applicable of each payment comprising the Issue Price and date on which each payment is to be made and consequences of failure to pay, including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest due on late payment:

26. Details relating to Instalment Notes:

(i)

Instalment Amount(s):

Not Applicable

(ii) Instalment Date(s):

Not Applicable

27. Redenomination applicable:

Redenomination not applicable

28. Other final terms:

Not Applicable

DISTRIBUTION

29. (i)

If syndicated, names of Managers: Not Applicable

(ii) Stabilising Manager (if any):

Not Applicable

30. If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: Norddeutsche Landesbank - Girozentrale -

Friedrichswall 10, 30159 Flannover, Germany

Whether TEFRA D rules applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable:

TEFRA D (or, in respect of TEFRA D, any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010)

31. Additional selling restrictions:

Not Applicable

32. Additional United States Tax Considerations:

Not applicable

LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION

These Final Terms comprise the details required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the 25,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Covered Note Programme of SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS.

RESPONSIBILITY

The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.

Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

By:

Steven Simonsen Duly authorised

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1.

LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i)

Listing:

Luxembourg Bourse.

(ii) Admission to trading:

Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 11 September 2013.

(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to

admission to trading:

EUR 3,460

2.

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:

Fitch: AAA Moody's: Aaa
Each of Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such both Moody's and Fitch are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such Regulation.

3.

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer

4.

REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES

Not Applicable

5.

YIELD

Indication of yield:

Not Applicable

6.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(0

ISIN Code:

(ii) Common Code:

XS0970471115 097047111

(iii) CUSIP: (iv) CINS:

Not Applicable Not Applicable

(v) Any clearing system(s) other than

Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and

Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme or

DTC and the relevant identification

number(s):

Clearstream Banking Luxembourg

Acc. No. 68019

(vi) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying

Agent(s) (if any):

SpareBank 1 SR-Bank, Bjergsted Terrasse 1, N-

4007 Stavanger, Norway

(viii) Intended to be held in a manner which

would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

No

ADDITIONAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

Not Applicable

