IMPORTANT NOTICE
THIS PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) AND ARE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.
IMPORTANT: You must read the following notice before continuing. The following notice applies to the attached prospectus following this page (the Prospectus), whether received by email, accessed from an internet page or otherwise received as a result of electronic communication, and you are therefore advised to read this notice carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Prospectus. In reading, accessing or making any other use of the Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions and each of the restrictions set out in the Prospectus, including any modifications made to them from time to time, each time you receive any information from Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the Bank) as a result of such access.
RESTRICTIONS: NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE NOTES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. ANY NOTE TO BE ISSUED HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTION. THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S)) EXCEPT TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES.
THE ATTACHED PROSPECTUS IS BEING DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO AND DIRECTED ONLY AT (I) PERSONS WHO ARE OUTSIDE THE UNITED KINGDOM, (II) PERSONS WHO HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005, OR (III) THOSE PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE DISTRIBUTED (ALL SUCH PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS ``RELEVANT PERSONS''). THE PROSPECTUS IS DIRECTED ONLY AT RELEVANT PERSONS AND MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS. ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THE PROSPECTUS RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO RELEVANT PERSONS AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. THE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE COMMUNICATED TO PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM IN CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE SECTION 21(1) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 DOES NOT APPLY TO THE ISSUER.
The Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to retail clients in the EEA, within the meaning of the rules set out in the Temporary Marketing Restriction (Contingent Convertible Securities) Instrument 2014 (as amended or replaced from time to time) other than in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of those rules by any person. Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors" on page 4 of this Prospectus for further information.
CONFIRMATION OF YOUR REPRESENTATION: In order to be eligible to view the Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to the Notes described herein, (1) each prospective investor in respect of the Notes must not be a retail client in the EEA, (2) each prospective investor in respect of the Notes must be a person other than a U.S. Person, (3) each prospective investor in respect of the Notes being offered in the United Kingdom must be a Relevant Person and (3) each prospective investor in respect of the Notes must otherwise be a person into whose possession the Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located. By accepting this e-mail and accessing, reading or making any other use of the attached document, you shall be deemed to have represented to the Joint Lead Managers (as defined in the attached Prospectus) that (1) you have understood and agree to the terms set out herein, (2) you are (or the person you represent is) a person other than a U.S. Person, and that the electronic mail (or e-mail) address to which, pursuant to your request, the attached document has been delivered by electronic transmission is not located in the United States, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction; and its possessions include Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands, (3) in

respect of the Notes being offered in the United Kingdom, you are (or the person you represent is) a Relevant Person, (4) you are (and the person you represent is) otherwise a person into whose possession the Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are (and that person is) located, (5) you consent to delivery by electronic transmission, (6) you will not transmit the attached Prospectus (or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to any other person except with the consent of the Joint Lead Managers and (7) you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment regarding any legal, taxation or other economic considerations with respect to your decision to subscribe for or purchase of any of the Notes.
You are reminded that the Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession the Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised, to deliver or disclose the contents of the Prospectus, electronically or otherwise, to any other person and in particular to any U.S. Person or to any U.S. address. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions.
If you received this document by e-mail, you should not reply by e-mail to this announcement. Any reply e-mail communications, including those you generate by using the "Reply" function on your e-mail software, will be ignored or rejected. If you receive this document by e-mail, your use of this e-mail is at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature.
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where such offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Joint Lead Managers or any affiliate of the Joint Lead Managers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Joint Lead Managers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction.
Under no circumstances shall the Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Recipients of the attached document who intend to subscribe for or purchase the Notes are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information contained in the prospectus.
This Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of the Joint Lead Managers, the Bank nor any person who controls or is a director, officer, employee or agent of the Joint Lead Managers, the Bank nor any affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Joint Lead Managers.
The distribution of the Prospectus in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the attached document comes are required by the Joint Lead Managers and the Bank to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions.

Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
(Incorporated in the Kingdom o fSweden with limited liability)
Issue of USD 1,100,000,000 Temporary Write-Down Additional Tier 1 Notes
under the Global Programme for the Continuous Issuance of Medium Term Notes and Covered Bonds
Issue Price: 100 per cent.
The USD 1,100,000,000 Temporary Write-Down Additional Tier 1 Notes (the Notes) are being issued by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the Bank or SEB) as a series of securities under the Bank's Global Programme for the Continuous Issuance of Medium Term Notes and Covered Bonds (the Programme). The Notes will constitute unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Bank, as described in Condition 3D.
The Notes will bear interest on their Prevailing Principal Amount from (and including) 13th November, 2014 (the Issue Date) to (but excluding) 13th May, 2020 (the First Reset Date) at a fixed rate of 5.750 per cent. per annum. In respect of each period (i) from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) 13th May, 2025 (the Second Reset Date) and (ii) from (and including) the Second Reset Date and every fifth anniversary thereof (each a Subsequent Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (each a Subsequent Reset Period), the Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.85 per cent. per annum above the then applying annual swap rate for U.S. dollar swap transactions with a maturity of 5 years determined in accordance with market convention. Subject to the right of the Bank to cancel any payment of interest in respect of the Notes, interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrear on 13th May and 13th November in each year (each an Interest Payment Date), commencing on 13th May, 2015.
The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption and Holders do not have the right to call for their redemption. Subject as provided herein and to the prior approval of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (the SFSA), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Bank in whole (but not in part) (i) on the First Reset Date or at any time thereafter, at their then Prevailing Principal Amount and (ii) upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Event, at their then Prevailing Principal Amount and in the manner described herein.
The Bank may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel any payment of interest, other than a Mandatory Interest Payment, in respect of the Notes in whole or in part at any time that it deems necessary or desirable, and payments of interest in respect of the Notes will also not be in made in certain other circumstances as provided in Condition 4E. Interest payments in respect of the Notes will be non-cumulative. Accordingly, if any payment of interest (or part thereof) is not made in respect of the Notes then the right of the Holders to receive the relevant interest payment (or part thereof) will be extinguished and the Bank will have no obligation to pay such interest payment (or part thereof), whether or not future interest payments on the Notes are paid. The cancellation or other non-payment of interest as provided in Condition 4E will not constitute an event of default or entitle any action to be taken by Holders. For further information, see Condition 4E.
In the event that the CET1 ratio of the Bank is less than 5.125 per cent. or the SEB Group is less than 8.00 per cent. (each, a Trigger Event), the Bank will reduce the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note (such reduction, a Write-Down and Written Down shall be construed accordingly) by the relevant Write-Down Amount. Following such Write-Down, the Bank may in certain circumstances at its full discretion increase the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note (a Write-Up). See Condition 5A.
Terms used but not defined in this Prospectus shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes".
This Prospectus comprises a prospectus for the purposes of Directive 2003/71/EC as amended (which includes the amendments made by Directive 2010/73/EU to the extent that such amendments have been implemented in a relevant Member State of the European Economic Area) (the Prospectus Directive) and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Bank, the Bank and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the Group), and the Notes which according to the particular nature of the Bank and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Bank and its subsidiaries and of the rights attaching to the Notes.
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the CBI) as competent authority under the Prospectus Directive. The CBI only approves this Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Directive. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc (the Irish Stock Exchange) for the Notes to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the regulated market (the Main

Securities Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange. The Main Securities Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive. References in this Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Main Securities Market.
The Bank has been rated A+ by Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited (S&P), A1 by Moody's Investors Services Limited (Moody's) and A+ by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch). The Notes are expected to be rated BBB- by Fitch. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.
For a description of certain matters that prospective investors should consider, see "Risk Factors" herein.
The Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global Note (the Temporary Global Note), without interest coupons, which will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg). Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global Note (the Permanent Global Note and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the Global Notes), without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes only in certain limited circumstances.
The Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to retail clients in the EEA, as defined in the rules set out in the Temporary Marketing Restriction (Contingent Convertible Securities) Instrument 2014 (as amended or replaced from time to time) other than in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of those rules by any person. Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors" on page 4 of this Prospectus for further information.

Joint Lead Managers

BofA Merrill Lynch

Goldman Sachs International

J.P. Morgan

SEB

UBS Investment

Bank

Prospectus dated 11th November, 2014

The Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge of the Bank (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with all of the documents incorporated in this Prospectus by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below).
The Bank has confirmed to Goldman Sachs International, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and UBS Limited, each in its capacity as joint lead manager (together, the Joint Lead Managers), that this Prospectus is true and accurate in all material respects and not misleading; that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference herein the omission of which would, in the context of the issue of the Notes, make any statement herein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. The Bank has further confirmed to the Joint Lead Managers that this Prospectus contains all such information as investors and their professional advisers would reasonably require, and reasonably expect to find, for the purpose of making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, and prospects of the Bank and its subsidiaries and of the rights attaching to the Notes.
The Bank has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the Bank or the Notes other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, in the Subscription Agreement dated 11th November, 2014 relating to the Notes between the Bank and the Joint Lead Managers (the Subscription Agreement) and in any other document prepared in connection with the Notes or as approved for such purpose by the Bank. Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Bank or the Joint Lead Managers.
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Joint Lead Managers or any of their respective affiliates, and neither the Joint Lead Managers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any of the Notes shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Bank since the date hereof.
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Joint Lead Managers do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Bank and the Joint Lead Managers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference herein, see "Subscription and Sale"" in the Information Memorandum (as defined in "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). This Prospectus may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Bank or the Joint Lead Managers that any recipient of this Prospectus should subscribe for or purchase any securities. Each recipient of this Prospectus shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Bank.
3

Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors
The Notes are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail investors.
In particular, in August 2014, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) published the Temporary Marketing Restriction (Contingent Convertible Securities) Instrument 2014 (as amended or replaced from time to time, the TMR) which took effect on 1st October, 2014. Under the rules set out in the TMR (as amended or replaced from time to time, the TMR Rules), certain contingent write-down or convertible securities, such as the Notes, must not be sold to retail clients in the EEA and nothing may be done that would or might result in the buying of such securities or the holding of a beneficial interest in such securities by a retail client in the EEA (in each case within the meaning of the TMR Rules), other than in accordance with the limited exemptions set out in the TMR Rules.
The Joint Lead Managers are required to comply with the TMR Rules. By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes from the Joint Lead Managers, each prospective investor will be deemed to represent, warrant, agree with and undertake to each of the Joint Lead Managers that:
(a) it is not a retail client in the EEA (as defined in the TMR Rules);
(b) whether or not it is subject to the TMR Rules, it will not sell or offer the Notes to retail clients in the EEA or do anything (including the distribution of this Prospectus) that would or might result in the buying of the Notes or the holding of a beneficial interest in the Notes by a retail client in the EEA (in each case within the meaning of the TMR Rules), other than (i) in relation to any sale of or offer to sell Notes to a retail client in or resident in the United Kingdom, in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of the TMR Rules by any person and/or (ii) in relation to any sale of or offer to sell Notes to a retail client in any EEA member state other than the United Kingdom, where (a) it has conducted an assessment and concluded that the relevant retail client understands the risks of an investment in the Notes and is able to bear the potential losses involved in an investment in the Notes and (b) it has at all times acted in related to such sale or offer in compliance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC) (MiFID) to the extent it applies to it or, to the extent MiFID does not apply to it, in a manner which would be in compliance with MiFID if it were to apply to it; and
(c) it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or outside the EEA) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the Notes, including any such laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Notes by investors in any relevant jurisdiction.
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes from the Joint Lead Managers, the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding upon both the agent and its underlying client.
Each potential investor in the Notes must further determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;
4

(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and (v) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY, IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH IN THE SECTION ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS". PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH ENQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY WITHOUT RELYING ON THE BANK OR ANY JOINT LEAD MANAGER. All references in this Prospectus to USD or U.S. dollars are to the currency of the United States of America and  or euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.
5

Table of Contents RISK FACTORS..................................................................................................................................................... 7 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE......................................................................................... 16 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES.................................................................................................. 18 GENERAL INFORMATION................................................................................................................................ 31
6

RISK FACTORS
The Bank believes that the factors described in the section o f the Information Memorandum entitled "Risk Factors" (the Programme Risk Factors) may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Most o f these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Bank is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood o f any such contingency occurring.
In addition,factors which are material for the purpose o f assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also described in the Programme Risk Factors and below.
The Bank believes that the factors described in the Programme Risk Factors and below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but the inability o f the Bank to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Bank based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
The Programme Risk Factors are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus andfor these purposes references in the Programme Risk Factors to Notes shall be construed as references to the Notes described in this Prospectus.
Thefactors described below are supplemental to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Programme Risk Factors.
Risks Relating to the Notes
There is a real risk that Holders will lose some or all of their investment should the Bank become insolvent and holders may only claim payment in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Bank
The Bank's obligations under the Notes will be unsecured and subordinated. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank or the bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Bank, the rights of the Holders of the Notes to payments on or in respect of the Notes (which in the case of any payment of principal shall be to payment of the then Prevailing Principal Amount only) shall rank:
(i) pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(ii) at least pari passu with any outstanding Existing Tier 1 Instruments and any other Additional Tier 1 Instruments and claims of any other subordinated creditors the claims of which are expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes;
(iii) in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital of the Bank in their capacity as such holders; and
(iv) junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Bank, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank and (c) except as expressed in (ii) above, any other subordinated creditors of the Bank.
Although the Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that Holders will lose all or some of their investment should the Bank become insolvent.
There are no events of default in relation to the Notes and Holders may only claim payment in respect of the Notes in the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank. See "--There are no Events o f Default' below.
The Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application o f the general bail-in tool or at thepoint o f non viability o f the Bank
On 2nd July, 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investments firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) entered into force. The BRRD contemplates that the Notes may be subject to non-viability loss
7

absorption, in addition to the application of the general bail-in tool (see "The Council o f the European Union has adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range o f actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk o ffailing. The implementation o f the directive or the taking o f any action under it could materially adversely affect the value o f any Notes'' in the Programme Risk Factors), as a result of which resolution authorities may require the permanent write-down of capital instruments such as the Notes (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of them into shares in SEB at the point of non-viability (which Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) instruments may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool) and before any other resolution action is taken.
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Notes) are written down or converted into equity or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution would no longer be viable.
The application of any non-viability loss absorption measure or the general bail-in tool may result in Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.
The Notes are subject to the provisions o f the laws of Sweden and their official interpretation, which may change (including as a result o f the implementation o f CRD IV and the BRRD) and have a material adverse effect on the terms and market value of the Notes. Many aspects of the manner in which CRD IV and the BRRD will be implemented remain uncertain
The Conditions are drafted on the basis of Swedish law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. Changes in the laws of Sweden or their official interpretation by regulatory authorities such as the SFSA or the European Central Bank after the date hereof may affect the rights and effective remedies of Holders as well as the market value of the Notes.
Such changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which may have an adverse effect on an investment in the Notes. They could also include the introduction of a variety of statutory resolution, loss-absorption and bail-in measures and tools, which may affect the rights of holders of obligations issued by the Bank, including the Notes.
CRD IV is a recently-adopted set of rules and regulations that imposes a series of new requirements, some of which will be phased in over a number of years. Although the CRD IV Regulation is directly applicable in each Member State, implementation of important parts of the CRD IV package in Sweden was delayed until 2nd August, 2014. CRD IV leaves a number of important interpretational issues to be resolved through binding technical standards that will be adopted in the future, and leaves certain other matters to the discretion of the relevant regulator.
Any such changes (including those which may result from the publication of the technical standards which interpret the CRD IV Regulation) could impact the calculation of the CET1 ratios or the CET1 Capital of the Bank or the Group, or the Risk Weighted Assets Amount of the Bank or the Group. Furthermore, because the occurrence of the Trigger Event depends, in part, on the calculation of these ratios and capital measures, any change in Swedish law that could affect the calculation of such ratios and measures could also affect the determination of whether the Trigger Event has actually occurred.
Such calculations may also be affected by changes in applicable accounting rules, the Group's accounting policies and the application by the Group of these policies. Any such changes, including changes over which the Bank or the Group has a discretion, may have a material adverse impact on the reported financial position of the Bank or the Group and accordingly may give rise to the occurrence of the Trigger Event in circumstances where such Trigger Event may not otherwise have occurred, notwithstanding the adverse impact this will have for Holders.
8

Furthermore, any change in the laws or regulations of Sweden or any change in the application or official interpretation thereof may in certain circumstances result in the Bank having the option to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part (see "-- The Notes may be redeemed at the option o f the Bank' below). In any such case, the Notes would cease to be outstanding, which could materially and adversely affect investors and frustrate investment strategies and goals.
Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could affect an investor's ability to value the Notes accurately and therefore affect the market price of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes of one or more regulatory or legislative changes.
Loss absorptionfollowing a Trigger Event
The Notes are being issued for regulatory capital adequacy purposes with the intention and purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Bank and the Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being satisfied, which are reflected in the Conditions and which, in particular, require the Notes and the proceeds of their issue to be available to absorb any losses of the Bank and/or the Group.
Accordingly, if at any time the CET1 ratio of the Bank or the Group falls below 5.125 per cent., in the case of the Bank, or 8.00 per cent., in the case of the Group, the then Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes shall be Written Down, which Write-Down shall also take into account the write-down or conversion to the extent possible of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments and Similar Loss Absorbing Instruments, all as described in Condition 5A.01.
Holders may lose all or some of their investment as a result of such a reduction in the then Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes. The Write-Down of the Notes pursuant to Condition 5A.01, together with any write-down or conversion to the extent possible of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments and Similar Loss Absorbing Instruments, may also result in the CET1 ratio of the Bank and/or the SEB Group being restored to a level greater than the respective Trigger Event level, as all such instruments are intended to be written-down or converted into equity by at least the pro rata amount necessary to restore the CET1 ratio of the Bank and/or the SEB Group to the respective Trigger Event level and the terms of certain instruments may require the further write-down or conversion of those instruments.
Any such reduction of the Prevailing Principal Amount shall not constitute an event of default and, following such reduction, Holders' claims in respect of principal will, in all cases, be based on the reduced Prevailing Principal Amount to the extent the Prevailing Principal Amount has not subsequently been written up as described in Condition 5A.03.
In addition, any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the Write-Down Date in connection with any Write Down as described above will be cancelled, and interest will only continue to accrue on the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes following such Write-Down, which interest will accrue on a Prevailing Principal Amount that is lower than the Initial Principal Amount of the Notes or, as the case may be, the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes immediately prior to such Write-Down.
The Existing Tier 1 Instruments will not be subject to any such reduction in their principal amount and may continue to accrue interest, although the terms of those instruments do provide for the writing down of their principal amount and payments of interest not being made in certain circumstances. The principal amount of any other Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Bank or any similar such instrument issued by any other member of the Group, which principal amount is to be written-down or converted into equity on the occurrence or as a result of the CET1 ratio of the Group falling below a level that is lower than 8.00 per cent., may also not be reduced in conjunction with any Write-Down of the Notes. The cancellation of any payment of interest in respect of the Notes or other non-payment of interest as provided in Condition 4E, will further not in any way limit or restrict the Bank from making any payment of interest or equivalent payment or other distribution in connection with any instrument ranking junior to the Notes or in respect of any Existing Tier 1 Instrument or other Additional Tier 1 Instrument.
Following any such Write-Down, the Issuer will not in any circumstances be obliged to Write-Up the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes. A Write-Down of the Notes may occur at any time and on more than one occasion.
9

Any redemption of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date and upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital Event following any such Write-Down will further be at the then Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes, which may be lower than their Initial Principal Amount.
To the extent the Bank does exercise its discretion to Write-Up the Notes, such Write-Up can only be undertaken as provided in Condition 5A.03 and is subject to compliance with applicable regulatory restrictions (including the Bank or, to the extent permitted, the Group recording a positive Net Profit or Consolidated Net Profit, respectively, and subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount (see "Payments o f interest on the Notes are discretionary and subject to the fulfilment o f certain conditions'" below)). It must also be undertaken in respect of any Note on a pro rata basis with the other Notes and any other Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Bank and the Group, in the case of any Write-Up by reference to the Consolidated Net Profit of the Group, that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in Condition 5A in the circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up.
Investors should note that, the risk of a Write-Down is an appreciable risk and is not limited to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Bank. It may result in Noteholders losing some or all of their investment and due to the limited circumstances in which a Write-Up may be undertaken, any reinstatement of the principal amount of the Notes and recovery of such investment only taking place over an extended period if at all (including as a result of any prior redemption of the Notes at their then Prevailing Principal Amount on any Optional Redemption Date and upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital Event). Any Write-Down of the Notes or any suggestion of a Write-Down could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes issued and/or the amounts payable by the Bank to in respect of the Notes.
The circumstances that may give rise to the Trigger Event are unpredictable
The occurrence of the Trigger Event is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, many of which are outside of the Bank's control. For example, the occurrence of one or more of the risks described in the Programme Risk Factors, or the deterioration of the circumstances described therein, will substantially increase the likelihood of the occurrence of the Trigger Event. Furthermore, the occurrence of the Trigger Event depends, in part, on the calculation of the CET1 ratio, which can be affected, among other things, by the growth of the business and future earnings of the Bank and/or the Group, as applicable; expected payments by the Bank and/or the Group, as applicable, in respect of dividends and distributions and other equivalent payments in respect of instruments ranking junior to the Notes as well as other Additional Tier 1 Instruments; regulatory changes (including possible changes in regulatory capital definitions, calculations and risk weighted assets) and the Bank's ability to actively manage the risk weighted assets of the Bank and the Group. The usual reporting cycle of the Bank is for the CET1 ratios of the Bank and the Group to be reported on a quarterly basis in conjunction with its interim financial reporting, which may mean investors are given limited warning of any significant deterioration in those CET1 ratios. In addition, since the SFSA may require the Bank to calculate the CET1 ratios at any time, the Trigger Event could occur at any time.
Due to the inherent uncertainty in advance of any determination of a Trigger Event regarding whether any such Trigger Event may exist, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the Notes will be Written Down. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of the Notes is not necessarily expected to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of interest-bearing securities. Any indication that the Bank and/or the Group, as applicable, is trending towards the Trigger Event can be expected to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. Under such circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices comparable to other similar yielding instruments.
Holders will bear the risk o f movements in the CET1 ratio o f the Bank and the Group that could give rise to the occurrence o f the Trigger Event
The market price of the Notes is expected to be affected by movements in the CET1 ratio of the Bank and the Group, in particular if at any time there is a significant deterioration in those CET1 ratios by reference to which the determination of any occurrence of the Trigger Event is made. Any indication that the CET1 ratio of the Bank or the Group is trending towards occurrence of the Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market price of
10

the Notes. The level of the CET1 ratios specified in the definition of Trigger Event may also significantly affect the market price of the Notes.
Perpetual Notes
The Bank is under no obligation to redeem the Notes at any time and the Holders have no right to call for their redemption. The only circumstances in which Holders may claim payment in respect of the Notes is in the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank (see "-- There are no Events o fDefault" below).
The Notes may be redeemed at the option o f the Bank
All, and not some only, of the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Bank, subject to the prior approval of the SFSA and Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, on or at any time after the First Reset Date, at their then Prevailing Principal Amount (which may be lower than their Initial Principal Amount) and as further provided in the Conditions. Under the CRD IV Regulation, the SFSA will give its consent to a redemption of the Notes in such circumstances provided that either of the following conditions is met:
(a) on or before such redemption of the Notes, the Bank replaces the Notes with instruments qualifying as Tier 1 Capital of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Bank; or
(b) the Bank has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the SFSA that its Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 capital would, following such redemption, exceed the capital ratios required under CRD IV by a margin that the SFSA may consider necessary on the basis set out in CRD IV.
The Notes are also redeemable on or after the Issue Date at the option of the Bank in whole but not in part, at any time, at their then Prevailing Principal Amount, subject to the prior approval of the SFSA and Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, if there is a Capital Event or a Tax Event.
The CRD IV Regulation further provides that the SFSA may only approve any such redemption of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Event before the First Reset Date if, in addition to meeting the conditions referred to in one of either paragraphs (a) or (b) above, the following conditions are also met:
(i) in the case of any such redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the SFSA considers the relevant change to be sufficiently certain and the Bank demonstrates to the satisfaction of the SFSA that such change was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date; or
(ii) in the case of any such redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Bank demonstrates to the satisfaction of the SFSA that such Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the issue Date.
The above conditions to any redemption of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Event only apply to any such redemption of the Notes before the First Reset Date and the Bank may exercise its option to redeem the Notes in such circumstances on or at any time after the First Reset Date (including as a result of a Capital Event or a Tax Event that occurred before the First Reset Date) without complying with these conditions. However, it will still need to comply with the conditions referred to in one of either paragraphs (a) or (b) above.
On 12th June, 2014, the Swedish Corporate Taxation Committee (Foretagsskattekommitten) (the Committee) presented a final report in which a new model for the corporate tax treatment of the cost of capital in Sweden is proposed with the stated goal of increasing neutrality in the tax treatment of debt and equity and providing for a more unified corporate tax model. The Committee has further proposed, as one of the ways in which the contemplated corporate tax changes could be financed, that the deductibility of interest expenses related to subordinated debt instruments and other capital instruments issued by banks be abolished.
The recommendations of the Committee remain subject to the legislative process and following the Swedish parliamentary elections on 14 September 2014 in which no political bloc within parliament obtained a clear majority it is not possible to predict whether and to what extent the changes proposed will be implemented (including whether in the form proposed or any other form). It is further unclear as of the date of this Prospectus what would be considered reasonably foreseeable by the SFSA for the purposes of the conditions set out in
11

paragraphs (i) or (ii) above as there is not yet any precedent for such a determination. No assurance can, therefore, be given, whether the Bank may have the option pursuant to Condition 5B.03 to redeem the Notes at some point in the future should the above proposal of the Committee eventually be implemented.
It is further not possible to predict whether or not any other change in the laws or regulations of Sweden or the application or official interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which the Bank is able to elect to redeem the Notes, and if so whether or not the Bank will elect to exercise such option to redeem the Notes. Any decision by the Bank to exercise any option to redeem the Notes will involve consideration at the relevant time of, among other things, the economic impact of such redemption, the capital requirements of the Bank and/or the Group, prevailing market conditions and regulatory developments. It will also require the approval of the SFSA.
As of the date of this Prospectus, the capital requirements of the Bank relative to the applicable economic and other considerations noted above in respect of the exercise of any such redemption option would, in the case of the proposal of the Committee relating to the tax deductibility of any interest payments by the Bank in respect of the Notes, make such redemption economically unattractive to the Bank even if this proposal was implemented in its present form. However, there can be no assurance that this will remain the case and that such redemption option, or any other option of the Bank for the redemption of the Notes, will not be exercised by the Bank at any point in the future (should such options become exercisable).
There can also be no assurances that, in the event of any such early redemption, Holders will be able to reinvest the proceeds at a rate that is equal to the return on the Notes. In the case of any early redemption of the Notes at the option of the Bank on or at any time after the First Reset Date, the Bank may be expected to exercise this option when its funding costs are lower than the rate at which interest is then payable in respect of the Notes. In these circumstances, the rate at which Holders are able to reinvest the proceeds of such redemption is unlikely to be as high as, and may be significantly lower than, that rate of interest.
In addition, the redemption feature of the Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Bank has the right to elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes is unlikely to rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to such period.
Payments o f interest on the Notes are discretionary and subject to thefulfilment o f certain conditions
The Notes accrue interest as further described in Condition 4B and the Issue-Specific Terms contained herein, but the Bank may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel any payment of interest, other than a Mandatory Interest Payment, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date in whole or in part at any time that it deems necessary or desirable. Except in the case of a Mandatory Interest Payment, Payments of interest in respect of the Notes in any financial year of the Bank or the Group shall be made only out of Distributable Items of the Bank and the Group. To the extent that the Bank or the Group has insufficient Distributable Items for any payment of interest in respect of the Notes scheduled for payment in the then current financial year and any equivalent payments scheduled to be made in the then current financial year in respect of any other Additional Tier 1 Instruments then outstanding, in each case excluding any portion of such payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items of the Bank or the Group, respectively, then the Bank will, without prejudice to the right above to cancel the payment of all such payments of interest in respect of the Notes, make partial or, as the case may be, no such payment of interest in respect of the Notes.
No payment of interest will be made in respect of the Notes (other than a Mandatory Interest Payment) if and to the extent that such payment would cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Bank and/or the Group to be exceeded. See "CRD IV introduces capital requirements that are in addition to the minimum capital ratio. These additional capital requirements will restrict the Bank from making payments of interest on the Notes in certain circumstances, in which case the Bank may cancel such interestpayments'"below.
Except in the case of a Mandatory Interest Payment, there can, therefore, be no assurances that a Holder will receive payments of interest in respect of the Notes. Unpaid interest is not cumulative or payable at any time thereafter and, accordingly, if any interest payment (or part thereof) is not made in respect of the Notes as a result of any requirement for, or election of, the Bank to cancel such interest payment then the right of the Holders to
12

receive the relevant interest payment (or part thereof) in respect of the relevant Interest Period will be extinguished and the Bank will have no obligation to pay such interest (or part thereof) or to pay any interest thereon, whether or not interest on the Notes is paid in respect of any future Interest Period.
No such election to cancel the payment of any interest (or part thereof) or non-payment of any interest (or part thereof) in respect of the Notes will constitute an event of default or the occurrence of any event related to the insolvency of the Bank or entitle Holders to take any action to cause the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Bank.
If, as a result of any of the conditions set out above being applicable, only part of any interest on the Notes may be paid, the Bank may proceed, in its sole discretion, to make such partial interest payments under the Notes.
Notwithstanding the applicability of any one or more of the conditions set out above resulting in interest on the Notes not being paid or being paid only in part, the Bank will not be in any way limited or restricted from making any distribution or equivalent payment in connection with any instrument ranking junior to the Notes (including, without limitation, any CET1 Capital of the Bank or the Group) or in respect of any other Additional Tier 1 Instruments.
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of the Trigger Event, any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes will be cancelled.
CRD IV introduces capital requirements that are in addition to the minimum capital ratio. These additional capital requirements will restrict the Bank from making some payments in certain circumstances, which may includepayments of interest on the Notes and result in the cancellation of such payments
Under CRD IV, institutions will be required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8 per cent. of risk weighted assets. In addition to these so-called "own funds" requirements under CRD IV, supervisory authorities may impose additional capital requirements to cover other risks (thereby increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD IV), which could include further capital requirements such as the additional CET1 Capital requirements imposed by the SFSA under the Swedish Pillar 2 framework. The Bank may also decide to hold additional capital.
CRD IV further introduces capital buffer requirements that are in addition to the minimum capital requirement and are required to be satisfied with common equity tier 1 capital. It will introduce five new capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific countercyclical buffer, (iii) the global systemically important institutions buffer, (iv) the other systemically important institutions buffer and (v) the systemic risk buffer. Some or all of these buffers may be applicable to the Bank and/or the Group as determined by the SFSA.
See further "SEB will be subject to increased capital requirements and standards due to new governmental or regulatory requirements and changes in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation, and may also need additional capital in the future due to worsening economic conditions, which capital may be difficult to obtain" in the Programme Risk Factors.
Under Article 141 of the CRD Directive, Member States of the European Union must require that institutions that fail to meet the "combined buffer requirement" (which, as implemented in Sweden, involves for the Bank the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer and, from 1st January, 2015, the systemic risk buffer) will be subject to restricted "discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly by CRD IV as payments relating to CET1 Capital, variable remuneration and payments on Additional Tier 1 Instruments such as the Notes). The "combined buffer requirement" and the associated restrictions under Article 141 above were implemented in Sweden on 2nd August, 2014.
Where any such restrictions are to apply they will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the "combined buffer requirement" and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the last distribution of profits or "discretionary payment". Such calculation will result in a "Maximum Distributable Amount" in each relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the "combined buffer requirement", no "discretionary distributions" will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement (including where additional capital requirements are imposed by the
13

SFSA that have the result of increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD IV) it may be necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including the potential exercise by the Bank of its discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the Notes.
Substitution and variation of the Notes without Holder consent
Subject to Condition 5B.08, if a Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, the Bank may, instead of redeeming the Notes, and without the consent or approval of the Holders, at any time either substitute the Notes or vary their terms accordingly, provided that they remain or, as appropriate, so that they become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities. Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities are, among other things, notes that have terms not materially less favourable to a Holder, as reasonably determined by the Bank, than the terms of the Notes. See Condition 5B.08.
There are no events of default
In accordance with CRD IV, Holders have no ability to require the Bank to redeem their Notes. The terms of the Notes do not, therefore, provide for any events of default. The Bank is entitled to cancel the payment of any interest payments in whole or in part at any time and as further contemplated in Condition 4E (see "--Payments o f interest on the Notes are discretionary and subject to the fulfilment o f certain conditions" above) and such cancellation will not constitute any event of default or similar event or entitle Holders to take any related action against the Bank.
Notwithstanding the Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption, Holders may prove or claim payment under the laws of Sweden and as further provided in Condition 6 in the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank in respect of the then Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that has not been cancelled. However, these are the only circumstances in which any such claim for payment may be made by Holders.
If the Bank exercised its right to redeem or purchase the Notes in accordance with Condition 5B but failed to make payment of the relevant Prevailing Principal Amount to redeem the Notes when due, such failure would not constitute an event of default but may entitle Holders to bring a claim for breach of contract against the Bank, which, if successful, could result in damages. Following any such failure to pay amounts in respect of the Notes when due, Holders may also institute proceedings with a view to having the Bank declared bankrupt (konkurs) and to prove or claim in the bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Bank but may only otherwise claim payment in respect of the Notes in the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank.
Holders o f the Notes only have a limited ability to cash in their investment in the Notes
The Bank has the option to redeem the Notes in certain circumstances but the ability of the Bank to redeem or purchase the Notes is subject to the Bank satisfying certain conditions. See "--The Notes may be redeemed at the option o f the Bank" above and Condition 5B. There can be no assurance that Holders will be able to reinvest the amount received upon any such redemption and at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Notes.
Therefore, Holders have no ability to cash in their investment, except:
(i) if the Bank exercises its rights to redeem or purchase the Notes in accordance with Condition 5B; or
(ii) by selling their Notes, provided a secondary market exists at the relevant time for the Notes (see "--Risks related to the market generally - An active secondary market in respect o f the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes'" in the Programme Risk Factors).
There is no restriction on the amount or type offurther securities or indebtedness which the Bank may incur
There is no restriction on the amount or type of further securities or indebtedness which the Bank may issue or incur which ranks senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The incurrence of any such further indebtedness may reduce the amount recoverable by Holders on a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Bank in respect of the
14

Notes and may limit the ability of the Bank to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes, and result in a Holder losing all or some of its investment in the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not contain any restriction on the Bank issuing securities ranking pari passu with the Notes and having similar or preferential terms to the Notes.
15

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The following documents which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and have been filed with the CBI shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Prospectus:

(a) the sections of the Information Memorandum of the Bank dated 18th June, 2014 relating to the Bank's

Global Programme for the Continuous Issuance of Medium Term Notes and Covered Bonds (the

Information

Memorandum)

(available

at

http://sebgroup.com/siteassets/investor relations1/debt programs/global programmes/global mtn program

me 2014 june.pdf) entitled as set out in the table below:

Page references (inclusive)

Presentation of Financial Information

9 to 10

Risk Factors

28 to 53

Description of the Notes to be Issued under the Programme

56 to 57

Form of the Notes

58 to 60

Terms and Conditions of the Notes

61 to 87

Use of Proceeds

92

Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken

116 to 126

Management

127 to 133

Book Entry Clearance Systems

134 to 135

Taxation

138 to 146

Subscription and Sale

147 to 150,

and for these purposes references in the Information Memorandum to Notes shall be construed as references to the Notes described in this Prospectus;

(b) the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and the notes thereto) of the Bank in respect of the financial year ended 31st December, 2013, as set out in the Bank's annual report (the 2013 Annual Report) on pages 67 to 151, inclusive (available at http://sebgroup.com/siteassets/investor relations1/annual reports/annual report 2013.pdf);

(c) the sections entitled "Market Risk" and "Capital Adequacy" set out on pages 42 to 43 and 142 to 143 (in each case inclusive) of the 2013 Annual Report (available at http://sebgroup.com/siteassets/investor relations1/annual reports/annual report 2013.pdf);

(d) the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and the notes thereto) of the Bank in respect of the financial year ended 31st December, 2012, as set out in the Bank's annual report (the 2012 Annual Report) on pages 69 to 152, inclusive (available at http://sebgroup.com/siteassets/investor relations1/annual reports/annual report 2012.pdf);

(e) the sections entitled "Market Risk" and "Capital Adequacy" set out on pages 46 to 47 and 142 to 143 (in each case inclusive) of the 2012 Annual Report (available at http://sebgroup.com/siteassets/investor relations1/annual reports/annual report 2012.pdf);

(f) the unaudited consolidated and non-consolidated interim financial statements of the Bank (including the auditors' limited review report thereon) as of and for the nine months ended 30th September, 2014 (set out

16

on pages 9 to 37 (inclusive) of the Bank's interim report entitled "Interim report January-September 2014")

(the

Interim

Report)

(available

at

http://sebgroup.com/siteassets/investor relations1/interim reports/2014 q3 interim.pdf); and

(g) the sections entitled "Market Risk" and "Capital Adequacy" set out on pages 20 and 29 of the Bank's

publication

entitled

"Fact

Book

January-September

2014"

(http://sebgroup.com/siteassets/investor relations1/factbook/2014 q3 factbook.pdf).

Any statement contained in any document incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this Prospectus (or in any other document incorporated by reference) modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Information Memorandum.

Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from The Investor Relations Department of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Kungstradgardsgatan 8, SE-106 40 Stockholm. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Bank at its office set out above. In addition, such documents will be available from the principal office in England of Citibank, N.A., London Branch.

Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus.

Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for the investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus.

17

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES

The terms and conditions o f the Notes shall consist o f the terms and conditions set out in the Information Memorandum (the Base Conditions) as amended or supplemented by the issue-specific terms set out below. References in the Base Conditions to the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to refer to the issue-specific terms set out below.
SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (publ)
Issue of USD 1,100,000,000 Temporary Write-Down Additional Tier 1 Notes under the Global Programme for the Continuous Issuance of Medium Term Notes and Covered Bonds

PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the

Information Memorandum dated 18th June, 2014 incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 11th

November, 2014 (the Prospectus), which constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive.

This document constitutes the issue-specific terms (the Issue-Specific Terms) of the securities described herein for

the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus

(including the Conditions and other information incorporated by reference therein). Full information on the Bank

and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Issue-Specific Terms and the

Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the Central Bank of

Ireland's

website

at

http://www.centralbank.ie/regulation/securities-

markets/prospectus/Pages/approvedprospectus.aspx and on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange at www.ise.ie.

In addition, a copy of the Prospectus will be published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange at www.ise.ie.

1. Issuer:

Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)

2. (i) Series Number:

171

(ii) Tranche Number:

1

3. Specified Currency or Currencies:

U.S. Dollars (USD)

4. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(i) Series:

USD1,100,000,000

(ii) Tranche:

USD1,100,000,000

5. Issue Price of Tranche:

100 per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount.

6. (a) Specified Denominations:

USD200,000 and integral multiples of USD1,000 in excess thereof up to and including USD399,000. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above USD399,000.

(b) Calculation Amount:

Prevailing Principal Amount (as defined in paragraph 3D.01 of Annex 1)

7. (i) Issue Date:

13th November, 2014

(ii) Interest Commencement Date:

Issue Date

8. Maturity Date:

Not Applicable. The Notes have no final maturity and are only redeemable or repayable in accordance with the relevant provisions of Conditions 5B, as set out in paragraph 3 of Annex 1.

9. Interest Basis:

Fixed Reset Notes

18

(see paragraph 15 below)

10. Redemption Basis:

See paragraph 8 above.

11. Change of Interest Basis:

Not Applicable

12. Put/Call Options:

Issuer Call (see paragraph 18 below)

13. (i) Type of Note:

This Note will be an additional tier 1 note (an Additional Tier 1 Note)

(ii) Status:

This Note will be deeply subordinated as set out in paragraph 1 of Annex 1.

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

14. Fixed Rate Provisions:

Not Applicable

15. Fixed Reset Provisions:

Applicable

(i) Initial Interest Rate:

5.750 per cent. per annum payable semi-annually in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in paragraph 2 of Annex 1

(ii) Subsequent Reset Rate:

The sum of the Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period

(iii) Interest Payment Date(s):

13th May and 13th November in each year, commencing on 13th May, 2015

(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount to (but excluding) Not Applicable the First Reset Date:

(v) Broken Amount(s)

Not Applicable

(vi) Day Count Fraction: (vii) Determination Date(s): (viii) First Reset Date:

30/360 13th May and 13th November in each year 13th May, 2020

(ix) Second Reset Date:

13th May, 2025

(x) Subsequent Reset Date(s):

Every 5th anniversary of the Second Reset Date

(xi) Reset Margin: (xii) Relevant Screen Page:

+3.85 per cent. per annum Reuters Screen "ISDAFIX1" Page

(xiii) Floating Leg Reference Rate:

3-month USD LIBOR rate

(xiv) Floating Leg Screen Page:

Reuters Screen "LIBOR01" Page

(xv) Initial Mid-Swap Rate:

1.90 per cent. per annum (quoted on a semi-annual basis)

16. Floating Rate Provisions:

Not Applicable

17. Zero Coupon Provisions:

Not Applicable

19

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

18. Issuer Call:

Applicable

(i) Optional Redemption Date(s):

The First Reset Date or at any time thereafter

(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s):

See Condition 5B.02, as set out in paragraph 3 of Annex 1

(iii) If redeemable in part:

Not Applicable.

19. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

20. Form of Notes:

Bearer Notes:

Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event

21. New Global Note:

No

22. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Not Applicable

23. Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be Yes. As the Notes may have more than 27 coupons

attached to definitive Bearer Notes (and dates payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into

on which such Talons mature):

definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still

to be made

24. Details relating to Instalment Notes:

(i) Instalment Amount(s):

Not Applicable

(ii) Instalment Date(s):

Not Applicable

Signed on behalf of the Bank: By: ....................................... Duly authorised

20

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i) Admission to trading:

Application has been made by the Bank (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and to trading on the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock Exchange with effect from 13th November, 2014.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses relating to 2,440 admission to trading:

2. RATINGS

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated BBBby Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch).

Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).

3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Joint Lead Managers, so far as the Bank is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Bank and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4. REASONS FOR THE OFFER; ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES

Not Applicable

5. YIELD

5.75 per cent. for the period from and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date

The yield is calculated at the Issue Date as the yield to the First Reset Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.

6. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) Intended to be held in a manner which Not Applicable would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

(ii) ISIN Code: (iii) Common Code:

XS1136391643 113639164

(iv) Any clearing system(s) other than Not Applicable Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg:

(v) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

(vi) Names and addresses of additional Not Applicable Paying Agent(s) (if any):

DISTRIBUTION

(i) Method of distribution:

Syndicated

(ii) If syndicated, names and addresses of Goldman Sachs International

21

Managers:

J.P. Morgan Securities plc Merrill Lynch International Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) UBS Limited

(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement:

11th November, 2014

(iv) Stabilisation Manager (if any):

Not Applicable

(v) If non-syndicated, name and address of

relevant Dealer:

Not Applicable

(vi) U.S. selling restrictions:

Reg. S Category 2. TEFRA D

22

ANNEX 1
1. STATUS
For the purposes of the Notes, a new Condition 3D. shall be inserted as follows:
"3D. Status - Additional Tier 1 Notes
3D.01 The Notes constitute unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Bank. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank or the bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Bank, the rights of the Holders of the Notes to payments on or in respect of the Notes (which in the case of any payment of principal shall be to payment of the then Prevailing Principal Amount only) shall rank:
(a) pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(b) at least pari passu with payments to holders of any outstanding Existing Tier 1 Instruments and any other Additional Tier 1 Instruments and claims of any other subordinated creditors the claims of which are expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes;
(c) in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital of the Bank in their capacity as such holders; and
(d) junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Bank, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank and (c) except as expressed in (b) above, any other subordinated creditors of the Bank.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital (Primarkapital) as defined in Applicable Banking Regulations;
Additional Tier 1 Instruments means any debt instruments of the Bank that at the time of issuance comply with the then current requirements under Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital;
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy of the SFSA, in each to the extent then in effect in Sweden (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Bank or the SEB Group);
CRD IV means, taken together, the (i) CRD IV Directive (ii) CRD IV Regulation and (iii) Future Capital Instruments Regulations;
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as implemented in Sweden and including as amended or replaced;
CRD IV Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as implemented and/or applicable in Sweden and including as amended or replaced;
Existing Tier 1 Instruments means the U.S.$600,000,000 Capital Contribution Securities (ISIN: US830505AM53), 500,000,000 7.0922 per cent. Fixed/Floating Rate Capital Contribution Notes (ISIN: XS0337453202) and 500,000,000 Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Contribution Notes (ISIN: XS0454821462);
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any Applicable Banking Regulations that come into effect after the Issue Date and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Bank (on a stand-alone or consolidated basis); Initial Principal Amount means USD1,000 for each USD1,000 in nominal amount of the Notes as at the Issue Date;
23

Prevailing Principal Amount means, in respect of a Note at any time, the Initial Principal Amount of that Note as reduced (on one or more occasions) by any Write-Down (as defined in Condition 5A.01) and increased (on one or more occasions) by any Write-Up (as defined in Condition 5A.03), in each case at or prior to such time;
SEB Group means the Bank together with its consolidated subsidiaries and associated companies; and
SFSA means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority or such other governmental authority in Sweden (or, if the Bank becomes subject to primary bank supervision in a jurisdiction other than Sweden, in such other jurisdiction) having primary bank supervisory authority with respect to the Bank.
The Bank reserves the right to issue or incur other Additional Tier 1 Instruments in the future, provided, however, that any such Additional Tier 1 Instruments may not in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Bank rank prior to the Notes.
3D.02 No Holder who shall in the event of the liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Bank be indebted to it shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against money owed by the Bank in respect of the Notes held by such Holder."
2. INTEREST
2.1 For the purposes of the Notes, a new Condition 4B.02 and 4B.03 shall be inserted as follows:
"4B.02 For the purposes of Condition 4B.01, the Notes shall bear interest on their Prevailing Principal Amount.
4B.03 If interest is required to be paid in respect of a Note on any date other than an Interest Payment Date or the Prevailing Principal Amount changes on one or more occasions during any Accrual Period (as defined below), the amount of interest payable shall be calculated by the Fiscal Agent by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount in respect of each Note, multiplying the product by (a) the actual number of days in the period from (and including) the date from which interest began to accrue (the Accrual Date) to (but excluding) the date on which interest fall due (such period, the Accrual Period) divided by (b) the actual number of days from (and including) the Accrual Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date multiplied by two, and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards) (with this calculation to be performed separately for each period within such Accrual Period during which a different Prevailing Principal Amount applies and the aggregate of the amounts resulting from such calculations shall be, subject as provided in Condition 4E, the interest payable in respect of the Accrual Period)."
2.2. For the purposes of the Notes, a new Condition 4E shall be inserted as follows:
"4E. Cancellation of Interest in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes 4E.01 The Bank may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel any payment of interest, other than a Mandatory Interest Payment, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date in whole or in part at any time that it deems necessary or desirable. Following any such election, the Bank shall give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 and to the Fiscal Agent of the cancellation of such interest payment.
In these Conditions, a Mandatory Interest Payment means a payment of interest in respect of which on the relevant Interest Payment Date the Notes are excluded in full from qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Bank.
4E.02 Payments of interest in respect of the Notes in any financial year of the Bank shall be made only out of Distributable Items of the Bank. To the extent that the Bank has insufficient Distributable Items to make any payment of interest in respect of the Notes scheduled for payment in the then current financial year and any other interest payments or distributions paid and/or required and/or scheduled to be paid out of Distributable Items in such financial year in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations, in each case excluding any portion of such payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items of the Bank, then the Bank will, without prejudice to the right above to cancel all such payments of interest in respect of the Notes, make partial or, as the case may be, no such payment of interest in respect of the Notes.
24

This Condition 4E.02 shall not apply in respect of any Mandatory Interest Payment.
In these Conditions, Distributable Items shall have the meaning given to such term in CRD IV, as interpreted and applied in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations.
As at the date o f this Prospectus, Article 4(1)(128) o f the CRD IV Regulation provides asfollows:
"distributable items" means the amount o f the profits at the end o f the last financial year plus any profits brought forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders o f own funds instruments less any losses brought forward, profits which are non-distributable pursuant to provisions in legislation or the institution's bye-laws and sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with applicable national law or the statutes of the institution, those losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the individual accounts of the institution and not on the basis of the consolidated accounts.
4E.03 No payment of interest will be made in respect of the Notes (other than a Mandatory Interest Payment) if and to the extent that such payment would cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Bank and/or the SEB Group to be exceeded.
In these Conditions, Maximum Distributable Amount means any maximum distributable amount required to be calculated in accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive (or otherwise pursuant to CRD IV).
4E.04 Interest payments in respect of the Notes will be non-cumulative. Accordingly, if any payment of interest (or part thereof) is not made in respect of the Notes as a result of any election of the Bank to cancel such payment of interest pursuant to Condition 4E.01 above or the limitations on payment set out in Conditions 4E.02 and 4E.03 above then the right of the Holders to receive the relevant interest payment (or part thereof) in respect of the relevant Interest Period will be extinguished and the Bank will have no obligation to pay such interest (or part thereof) accrued for such Interest Period or to pay any interest thereon, whether or not interest on the Notes is paid in respect of any future Interest Period.
4E.05 No such election to cancel the payment of any interest (or part thereof) in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 4E.01 above or non-payment of any interest (or part thereof) in respect of the Notes as a result of the limitations on payment set out in Conditions 4E.02 and 4E.03 above will constitute an event of default or the occurrence of any event related to the insolvency of the Bank or entitle Holders to take any action to cause the Bank to be declared bankrupt (konkurs) or for the liquidation (likvidation), winding-up or dissolution of the Bank or in any way limit or restrict the Bank from making any payment of interest or equivalent payment or other distribution in connection with any instrument ranking junior to the Notes (including, without limitation, any CET1 Capital (as defined in Condition 5A.03) of the Bank or the SEB Group) or in respect of any Existing Tier 1 Instrument or other Additional Tier 1 Instrument."
3. LOSS ABSORPTION, REINSTATEMENT, REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
For the purposes of the Notes, Condition 5 shall be replaced by a new Condition 5A and 5B as follows:
"5A Loss Absorption and Reinstatement
5A.01 If a Trigger Event occurs at any time, then the Bank will:
(a) cancel any accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the Notes to (but excluding) the Write-Down Date (as defined below) in accordance with Condition 4E above (including if payable on the Write-Down Date); and
(b) on the Write-Down Date (without any requirement for the consent or approval of Holders), reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note by the relevant Write-Down Amount (such reduction, a Write Down and Written Down shall be construed accordingly), pro rata with the other Notes and taking into account the write-down or conversion into equity of any Similar Loss Absorbing Instruments and the prior write-down or conversion of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments, as described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) below.
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Bank shall give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 and to the Fiscal Agent, which notice, in addition to specifying that a Trigger Event has occurred, shall specify (i) the date on which the Write-Down shall occur (the Write-Down Date), which shall be as soon as practicable and in any event not later than one month following (or such other period as Applicable Banking Regulations may
25

require) the occurrence of the Trigger Event and (ii) if then determined, the Write-Down Amount (together, a Trigger Event Notice). If the Write-Down Amount has not been determined when the Trigger Event Notice is given, the Bank shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following such determination, notify Noteolders of the Write-Down Amount in accordance with Condition 13 and the Fiscal Agent.
Any failure by the Bank to give any such notice to or otherwise to so notify Noteholders will not in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any Write-Down, or give Holders any rights as a result of such failure. A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Notes may be Written Down on more than one occasion.
A Write-Down will not constitute an event of default or the occurrence of any event related to the insolvency of the Bank or entitle Holders to take any action to cause the Bank to be declared bankrupt (konkurs) or for the liquidation (likvidation), winding-up or dissolution of the Bank.
For the purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event has occurred, the Bank will (i) calculate the CET1 ratios of the Bank and the SEB Group based on information (whether or not published) available to management of the Bank, including information internally reported within the Bank pursuant to its procedures for ensuring effective ongoing monitoring of the capital ratios of the Bank and the SEB Group and (ii) calculate and publish the CET1 ratios of the Bank and the SEB Group on at least a quarterly basis.
In these Conditions Write-Down Amount means the amount by which the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each outstanding Note is to be Written Down pro rata with the other Notes pursuant to a Write-Down, which amount shall be determined by the Bank as:
(i) the amount of such Prevailing Principal Amount that (together with (a) the prior write down or conversion to the extent possible of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments and (b) the pro rata write-down or conversion to the extent possible of any Similar Loss Absorbing Instruments) would be sufficient to restore the CET1 ratio of the Bank and/or the SEB Group, as the case may be to 5.125 per cent., in the case of the Bank, and 8.00 per cent., in the case of the SEB Group (but without taking into account for these purposes any further write down or conversion of any Similar Loss Absorbing Instruments in accordance with their terms by any amount greater than the pro rata amount necessary to so restore such CET1 ratios); or
(ii) if such Write-Down (together with (a) the prior write down or conversion to the extent possible of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments and (b) such write-down or conversion to the extent possible of any Similar Loss Absorbing Instruments) would be insufficient to so restore such CET1 ratio(s), the amount necessary to reduce the Prevailing Principal Amount to one cent.
To the extent the prior write down or conversion of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument or write-down or conversion of any Similar Loss Absorbing Instrument for the purposes of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above is not possible for any reason, this shall not in any way impact on any Write Down of the Notes. The only consequence shall be that the Notes will be Written-Down and the Write-Down Amount determined as provided above without taking into account any such write down or conversion of such Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument or Similar Loss Absorbing Instrument, as the case may be.
5A.02 Following the giving of a Trigger Event Notice which specifies a Write-Down of the Notes, the Bank shall procure that
(a) a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument and each Similar Loss Absorbing Instrument (in each case, in accordance with, and to the extent required by, its terms); and
(b) to the extent possible, the prevailing principal amount of each outstanding Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument and Similar Loss Absorbing Instrument (if any) is written down or converted into equity in accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable following the giving of such Trigger Event Notice.
5A.03 If the Bank records a positive Net Profit or, to the extent permitted by Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, the SEB Group records a positive Consolidated Net Profit at any time while the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes is less than their Initial Principal Amount, the Bank may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together with other
26

distributions of the Bank or the SEB Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive (or, if different, any provision of Applicable Banking Regulations implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive)) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note (a Write Up) up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount, on a pro rata basis with the other Notes and with any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Bank and, in the case of any increase in the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes by reference to the Consolidated Net Profit of the SEB Group, any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the SEB Group that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in this Condition 5A in the circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up, provided that the sum of:
(a) the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the Notes;
(b) the aggregate amount of any payments of interest in respect of the Notes that were paid on the basis of a Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount at any time after the end of the previous financial year,
(c) the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the relevant Write-Up; and
(d) the aggregate amount of any interest payments or distributions in respect of each such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument that were calculated or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is lower than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the end of the previous financial year,
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount.
In these Conditions, the Maximum Write-Up Amount means the lower of:
(i) if and to the extent Consolidated Net Profit is permitted to be used for the relevant Write-Up under Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, the Consolidated Net Profit multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of all WrittenDown Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the SEB Group, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the SEB Group as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; and
(ii) otherwise, the Net Profit multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Bank, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the Bank as at the date of the relevant Write-Up,
or any higher amount permissible pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations in force on the date of the relevant Write-Up.
The Bank will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Bank or the SEB Group that have terms permitting a write-up of such principal amount to occur on a similar basis to that set out in this Condition 5.3 unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up of the Notes.
A Write-Up may be made on more than one occasion in accordance with this Condition 5A.03 until the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes has been reinstated to the Initial Principal Amount.
Any decision by the Bank to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant to this Condition 5A.03 on any occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any other occasion pursuant to this Condition 5A.03.
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Notes pursuant to this Condition 5A.03, notice (a Write-Up Notice) of such Write-Up shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount of a Note that results in a pro rata increase in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note) and the date on which such Write-Up shall take effect and to the Fiscal Agent. Such Write-Up Notice shall be given at least ten Business Days prior to the date on which the relevant Write-Up is to become effective.
27

In these Conditions:
Accounting Currency means SEK or such other primary currency used in the presentation of the SEB Group's accounts from time to time;
Consolidated Net Profit means the consolidated net profit (excluding minority interests) of the SEB Group, as calculated and set out in the most recent published audited annual consolidated accounts of the SEB Group;
CET1 Capital means, at any time, the common equity tier 1 capital of the Bank or the SEB Group, respectively, as calculated by the Bank in accordance with Chapter 2 (Common Equity Tier 1 capital) of Title II (Elements of own funds) of Part Two (Own Funds) of the CRD IV Regulation, and/or Applicable Banking Regulations at such time, including any applicable transitional, phasing in or similar provisions;
CET1 ratio means, at any time, with respect to the Bank or the SEB Group, as the case may be, the reported ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount (in the Accounting Currency) of the CET1 Capital of the Bank or the SEB Group, respectively, at such time divided by the Risk Weighted Assets Amount of the Bank or the SEB Group, respectively, at such time, all as calculated by the Bank;
Net Profit means the non-consolidated net profit (excluding minority interests) of the Bank as calculated and set out in the most recent published audited annual non-consolidated accounts of the Bank;
Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument means, at any time, any instrument issued directly or indirectly by the Bank or any member of the SEB Group which has terms pursuant to which all or some of its principal amount may be written-down (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or converted into equity (in each case in accordance with its terms) on the occurrence or as a result of the CET1 ratio of the Bank or the SEB Group falling below a level that is higher than 5.125 per cent., in the case of the Bank, or 8.00 per cent., in the case of the SEB Group;
Risk Weighted Assets Amount means at any time, with respect to the Bank or the SEB Group, as the case may be, the aggregate amount (in the Accounting Currency) of the risk weighted assets or equivalent of the Bank or the SEB Group, respectively, calculated in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations at such time;
Similar Loss Absorbing Instrument means at any time any instrument (other than the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Bank or any member of the SEB Group which at such time (a) qualifies as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Bank and/or the SEB Group, and (b) which also has terms pursuant to which all or some of its principal amount may be written-down (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or converted into equity (in each case in accordance with its terms) on the occurrence, or as a result of, a Trigger Event;
Tier 1 Capital means at any time, with respect to the Bank or the SEB Group, as the case may be the Tier 1 capital of the Bank or the SEB Group, respectively, as calculated by the Bank in accordance with Chapters 1, 2 and 3 (Tier 1 capital, Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital) of Title II (Elements of own funds) of Part Two (Own Funds) of the CRD IV Regulation and/or Applicable Banking Regulations at such time, including any applicable transitional, phasing in or similar provisions;
Trigger Event means if, at any time, as determined by the Bank, the CET1 ratio of the Bank or the SEB Group, as calculated in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations, is less than 5.125 per cent., in the case of the Bank, or 8.00 per cent., in the case of the SEB Group; and
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments means, at any time, any instrument (other than the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Bank or, as applicable, any member of the SEB Group, which qualifies as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Bank or, as applicable, the SEB Group and which, immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a prevailing principal amount lower than the principal amount that it was issued with due to such principal amount having been written down.
5A.04 The Fiscal Agent will upon receipt of notice of any Write-Down or Write-Up of the Notes as provided above, notate the Global Notes accordingly to reflect such Write-Down or Write-Up, respectively, on the Write Down Date or the date on which such Write-Up is to take effect, as the case may be, as so notified by the Issuer.
28

5B Redemption and Purchase
Redemption
5B.01 The Notes have no final maturity and are only redeemable or repayable in accordance with the relevant provisions set out in this Condition 5B.
Issuer Call
5B.02 The Bank may, upon the expiry of the appropriate notice, redeem all (but not some only), of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at their then Prevailing Principal Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.
The appropriate notice referred to in this Conditions 5B.02 is a notice given by the Bank to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of the Notes, which notice shall be signed by two duly authorised officers of the Bank and shall specify: (i) that the Notes are subject to redemption; and
(ii) the due date for such redemption, which shall be an Optional Redemption Date which is not more than 60 days and not less than 30 days after the date on which such notice is validly given.
Subject to Condition 5B.07 below, any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Bank to make the redemption therein specified.
Redemption upon Tax Event or Capital Event 5B.03 Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital Event, the Bank may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice, subject to Condition 5B.07 below, shall be irrevocable), at any time redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at an amount equal to the then Prevailing Principal Amount of such Notes together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
A Tax Event means if as a result of any change in, amendment to or clarification of any applicable law (including any change in, amendment to or clarification of the official position or interpretation of such law that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position or interpretation, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification or change is made known), which change, amendment or clarification occurs after the Issue Date, the Bank determines that it would (a) on the occasion of the next payment in respect of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts in accordance with Condition 7 or (b) not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of its taxation liabilities in the Kingdom of Sweden in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the next Interest Payment Date or the value of such deduction to the Bank would be materially reduced.
A Capital Event means the determination by the Bank after consultation with the SFSA that as a result of a change in Swedish law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in Sweden on or after the Issue Date of CRD IV), the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes is excluded in full from inclusion in the Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Bank or the SEB Group.
Purchase o fNotes
5B.04 The Bank may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price provided that all (if any) unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith.
Cancellation o fRedeemed and Purchased Notes
5B.05 All unmatured Notes redeemed or purchased in accordance with this Condition 5B and all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered or purchased therewith will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. References in this Condition 5B to the purchase of Notes by the Bank shall not include the purchase of Notes in the ordinary course of business of dealing in securities or the purchase of Notes otherwise than as beneficial owner.
29

SFSA approval
5B.06 Any redemption or purchase of Notes pursuant to this Conditions 5B is subject to the prior approval of the SFSA and Applicable Banking Regulations then in force.
Occurrence o f a Trigger Event
5B.07 If any notice of redemption of the Notes is given pursuant to this Condition 5B and prior to the relevant redemption date a Trigger Event occurs, the relevant redemption notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, there shall be no redemption of the Notes on such redemption date and, instead, a Write Down shall occur as provided under Condition 5A.
Substitution or Variation instead o fRedemption
5B.08 If at any time a Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, the Bank may, instead of giving notice to redeem as aforesaid, but solely to the extent permitted at any time by Applicable Banking Regulations and subject to the approval of the SFSA, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the Notes) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with the Conditions, the Holders of the Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes accordingly, provided that they remain or, as appropriate, so that they become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities.
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities means notes, whether debt, equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Bank that:
(a) have terms not materially less favourable to a Holder of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Bank, than the terms of the Notes, provided that they shall (1) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes, (2) have the same interest rate and Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes, (4) comply with the then current requirements of Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital, and (5) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; and
(b) are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were so listed immediately prior to such substitution or variation.
4. NO EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND HOLDERS MAY CLAIM IN BANKRUPTCY OR LIQUIDATION ONLY Condition 6 shall not apply and there shall be no events of default in relation to the Notes. For the purposes of the Notes, Condition 6 shall be replaced by a new Condition 6 as follows:
"6 Holders may Claim in Bankruptcy or Liquidation only
If the Bank is declared bankrupt (konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidatiori), in each case by a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden having jurisdiction in respect of the same, the Holder of any Note may prove or claim in the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank, whether in the Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere and instituted by the Bank itself or by a third party, for payment in respect of the then Prevailing Principal Amount of such Note together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of commencement of the relevant bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) proceedings to the extent not cancelled but subject to such Holder only being able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank."
5. GOVERNING LAW For the purposes of the Notes, Condition 16.1 shall be replaced by a new Condition 16.1 as follows:
"16.01 The Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in respect of the Notes and the Fiscal Agency Agreement are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except with respect to Condition 3D and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in respect of Condition 3D, all of which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden.
30

GENERAL INFORMATION
(1) The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank at a meeting held on 20th August, 1991. The Bank has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.
(2) Since 30th September, 2014, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent unaudited interim financial statements of the Bank have been published, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Bank or the Group nor, since 31st December, 2013, has there been any material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank or the Group.
(3) The consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Bank for the years ended 31st December, 2013 and 31st December, 2012 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AB in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden and unqualified opinions have been reported thereon.
(4) For the financial years ended 31st December, 2013 and 31st December, 2012 the Bank's Independent Auditors appointed by its shareholders at the relevant annual general meeting were PricewaterhouseCoopers AB. PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is associated with FAR SRS, the professional institute for authorised public accountants, approved public accountants and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden.
(5) Neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus that may have, or have had in such period, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Bank or Group.
(6) The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records) with a Common Code of 113639164. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Notes is XS1136391643.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
Delivery of the Notes shall made against delivery of the relevant securities for which the Notes are being exchanged and against payment.
The Notes are not intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.
(7) Each Note and Coupon will bear the following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code".
(8) For the period of 12 months starting on the date on which this Prospectus is made available to the public, copies (and English translations where the documents in question are not in English) of the following documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the principal office of the Bank:
(a) the Articles of Association of the Bank, together with an English translation thereof;
(b) a copy of this Prospectus together with each document incorporated by reference in this Prospectus;
(c) the Fiscal Agency Agreement;
(d) the Deed of Covenant; and
(e) the audited non-consolidated financial statements (in English) of the Bank and the consolidated audited financial statements (in English) of the Group for the years ended 31st December, 2012 and 31st December, 2013 in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith, and the consolidated unaudited financial statements (in English) of the Group as at and for the six
31

month period ended 30th June, 2014, and any interim unaudited consolidated financial statements (in English) published subsequently to the date hereof. (9) The language of this Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Prospectus.
32

REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE BANK

Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Kungstrdgrdsgatan 8 SE-106 40 Stockholm Sweden

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE BANK

PricewaterhouseCoopers AB Torsgatan 21
SE-113 97 Stockholm Sweden

FISCAL AGENT

Citibank, N.A., London Branch 14th Floor, Citigroup Centre Canada Square, Canary Wharf London E14 5LB United Kingdom

PAYING AGENTS

Citibank, N.A., London Branch 14th Floor, Citigroup Centre Canada Square, Canary Wharf London E14 5LB United Kingdom

Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main Germany

LEGAL ADVISERS

To Bank as to English law

To the Bank as to Swedish law

Allen & Overy LLP One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD United Kingdom

Jan Dahln Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Kungstrdgrdsgatan 8 SE-106 40 Stockholm
Sweden

To the Joint Lead Managers as to English law

Clifford Chance LLP 10 Upper Bank Street
London E14 5JJ

LISTING AGENT

McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited Sir John Rogerson's Quay Riverside One Dublin 2 Ireland

ICM:20229460.25

33

