Hoist Finance #
Hoist Finance issues EUR 50 million under the EMTN programme
Hoist Kredit AB (publ) (Ba1 / stable), ("Hoist") a fully-owned subsidiary of Hoist Finance AB (publ), today announces that it has issued notes to a nominal value of EUR [50] million.
The Re-offer yield for the bond is 1.71 per cent per year until maturity in December 2019. The issue is a tap of the existing bond loan with ISIN XS1424841374 under the established EMTN programme. After this transaction, the total volume outstanding in the notes amount to EUR 300 million.
"Continued strong interest from investors coupled with favourable market conditions resulted in a record low coupon of 1.71%. Hoist has thus established a new level for future issues. The issue had good international distribution and was oversubscribed by almost 2 times. To us, this is a receipt that investors have a strong belief in Hoist Finance and our long-term commitment to the capital markets", says Magnus Linnersand, Group Head of Treasury.
Danske Bank and Nordea have acted as financial advisers in relation to the tap issue.
For further information, please contact:
Magnus Linnersand, Group Head of Treasury Telefon: +46 (0)8 555 177 72
Michel Jonson, Group Head of Investor Relations Telefon: +46 (0)8 555 177 19
This information is information that Hoist Kredit AB (publ) is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact person set out above, at 15:50 CET on 2016-09-16.
About Hoist Finance
Hoist Finance is a leading debt restructuring partner to international banks and financial institutions, offering a broad spectrum of advanced solutions for acquisition and management of non-performing unsecured consumer loans. Hoist Finance operates through eleven in-house collection centers across Europe, complemented by local external debt servicing partners. The total carrying value of Hoist Finance's acquired loans was approximately SEK 11.3 billion as per 31 December 2015. The parent company Hoist Finance AB (publ) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Mid-Cap list and its subsidiary Hoist Kredit AB (publ) is a regulated "Credit Market Company" under the supervision of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektioneri). In Sweden, the company offers internet-based savings deposit services through HoistSpar, with around 85,000 accounts.

