OFFERING MEMORANDUM
f

NOT FOR GENERAL CIRCULATION IN THE UNITED STATES

preem

m

\

Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ)
the parent company of Preem AB (publ)
570,000,000 11.750% / 13.250% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2021 SEK 500,000,000 12.250% / 13.750% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2021

C orral Petroleum H oldings AB (publ) (the "Is su e r"), th e parent co m p a n y o f Preem AB (publ), is o ffe rin g 570,000,000 a g g re g a te p rin c ip a l a m o u n t o f its 11.750% / 13.250% S e n io r PIK T og g le N otes due M a y 15, 2021 (the ''E u ro N o te s '') and SEK 500,000,000 a g g re g a te p rin c ip a l a m o u n t o f its 12.250% / 13.750% S e n io r PIK T oggle N otes due M a y 15, 2021 (the ''K ro n a N otes'' and, tog eth e r w ith the Euro Notes, the ''N otes'').
The Issuer w ill pay in te re st on th e N otes s e m i-a n n u a lly in a rre a rs on each J u ly 1 and J a n u a ry 1, c o m m e n c in g on J a n u a ry 1, 2017. The firs t and last in te re st p a ym e n ts on th e N otes w ill be m ade in cash. For each o th e r in te re st p a y m e n t, th e Issuer w ill be re q u ire d to pay in te re s t on th e N otes e n tire ly in cash, unless th e c o n d itio n s d e scrib e d in th is o ffe rin g m e m o ra n d u m are sa tisfie d , in w h ich case th e Issuer w ill be e n title d to pay, to the e xtent described herein, interest fo r such interest p eriod by increasing the p rin c ip a l a m o u n t o f th e N otes o r b y issu in g N otes in a p rin c ip a l a m o u n t equal to such in te re s t o r as a c o m b in a tio n o f th e tw o . P rio r to M a y 15, 2019, th e Issuer m a y redeem at its o p tio n all o r a p o rtio n o f each series o f th e N otes b y p a yin g a ''m a k e -w h o le '' p re m iu m . A t a n y tim e on o r a fte r M a y 15, 2019, th e Issuer m a y redeem at its o p tio n all o r p a rt o f each series o f th e N otes by p a yin g a sp e cifie d re d e m p tio n price. In a d d itio n , p rio r to M a y 15, 2019, th e Issuer m a y redeem at its o p tio n no m o re th a n 35% o f th e aggregate principal a m ount of each series of Notes w ith the net cash proceeds fro m certain e quity offerings. Upon certain events d e fin e d as c o n s titu tin g a ch a n g e o f c o n tro l, th e Issuer m a y be re q u ire d to m ake an o ffe r to pu rch a se th e Notes. In th e e ve n t o f certain d e ve lo pm e n ts a ffe cting ta xa tion o f a series o f N otes, the Issuer m ay redeem all, but not less than all, o f such series.
Each series o f Notes w ill be senior debt o f th e Issuer secured by a firs t p rio rity pledge o f all o f th e outstan d in g shares of c a p ita l s to ck o f th e Issuer. Each series o f N otes w ill be s tru c tu ra lly s u b o rd in a te d in rig h t o f p a y m e n t to th e e x is tin g and fu tu re d e b t and o th e r lia b ilitie s o f Preem AB (pu b l) and each o f th e o th e r s u b s id ia rie s o f th e Issuer, w h e th e r o r n o t such d e b t is secured. See ''S u m m a ry-- The O ffering-- S ecurity.'' A segregated account w ill be established by the Issuer fo r the purpose o f m aking cash interest paym ents on the Notes. The segregated account w ill be funded on the issue date w ith the excess proceeds of the offering. See also ''U se o f Proceeds'' and ''S u m m a ry-- The O ffe rin g -- Segregated A cco u n t.''
The Notes w ill be represented on issue by global notes. The Euro Notes and the Krona Notes w ill be delivered th ro u g h E u ro cle a r Bank S A /N V (''E u ro c le a r'') and C le a rstre a m B a n kin g , societe a n o n y m e (''C le a rs tre a m ''), in each case, on o r a b o u t M a y 9, 2016.
This offering m em orandum includes inform ation on the term s o f the Notes, including redem ption and repurchase prices, security, covenants and transfer restrictions.
The Notes are being listed on the O fficial List of the Luxem bourg Stock Exchange and a d m itted fo r tra d in g on the Euro MTF m arket o f the Luxem bourg Stock Exchange. This offering m em orandum m ay not be used fo r any other purpose.
Investing in the Notes involves risk. See ''Risk Factors'' beginning on page 27.
Euro Notes Price: 98.578% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date Krona Notes Price: 99.043% plus accrued interest, if any, from the Issue Date
The Notes have not been, and w ill not be, registered under the U.S. Securities A ct o f 1933, as am ended (the ''S ecurities A c t''), or the laws o f any o th er ju ris d ic tio n . The Notes m ay not be offered o r sold w ith in the U nited States o r to , or fo r th e account o r be n efit of, U.S. persons, except to q u a lifie d in s titu tio n a l buyers in reliance on the e xe m p tio n fro m reg istra tio n pro vid e d by Rule 144A u n d e r th e S e cu ritie s A c t (''R u le 144A'') and to ce rta in p e rso n s in o ffs h o re tra n s a c tio n s in relia nce on R e g u la tio n S u n d er the Securities Act (''R egulation S''). You are hereby n o tifie d th a t sellers o f the Notes m ay be relying on th e exem ption fro m the p ro vision s o f Section 5 o f the Securities A ct pro vid e d by Rule 144A. O utside th e U nited States, sellers m ay be relying on Regulation S under the Securities Act. See ''N otice to Investors'' fo r additional inform ation about eligible offerees and transfer re s tric tio n s .

Global C oordinator and Bookrunning M anager
Deutsche Bank
Jo in t Bookrunners fo r the Krona Notes and Co-M anagers fo r the Euro Notes

Danske Bank SEB

DNB

Handelsbanken Capital Markets Swedbank

Co-M anager fo r the Euro Notes and the Krona Notes
Citigroup

The date o f th is o ffe rin g m e m o ra n d u m is M a y 31, 2016

IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM
You should not assume that the information contained in this offering memorandum is accurate as of any date other than the date of this offering memorandum. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that date.
You are responsible for making your own examination of us and your own assessment of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. You should consult with your own advisors as needed to assist you in making your investment decision and to advise you whether you are legally permitted to purchase the Notes. By purchasing the Notes, you will be deemed to have acknowledged that:
 you have reviewed this offering memorandum;
 you have had an opportunity to request all additional information that you need from us; and
 Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Danske Bank A/S, DNB Bank ASA, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Handelsbanken Capital Markets, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) (the ''Initial Purchasers'') are not responsible for, and are not making any representation to you concerning, our future performance or the accuracy or completeness of this offering memorandum.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and within the United States to Qualified Institutional Buyers in reliance on Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that the sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain other restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of the Notes and the distribution of this offering memorandum, see ''Notice to Investors.''
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of these authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering or the accuracy or adequacy of this offering memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense in the United States.
Further, no securities authority in Luxembourg has approved or disapproved of these Notes or determined whether this offering memorandum is truthful or complete.
The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws pursuant to registration thereunder or exemption therefrom. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time.
This offering memorandum does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or invitation. Laws in certain jurisdictions may restrict the distribution of this offering memorandum and the offer and sale of the Notes. Persons into whose possession this offering memorandum or any of the Notes are delivered must inform themselves about and observe those restrictions. Each prospective purchaser of the Notes must comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells the Notes or possesses or distributes this document. In addition, each prospective purchaser must obtain any consent, approval or permission required under the regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it purchases, offers or sells the Notes. Neither the Issuer nor the Initial Purchasers shall have any responsibility for obtaining such consent, approval or permission.
We have summarized certain documents and other information in a manner we believe to be accurate, but we refer you to the actual documents for a more complete understanding of the
i

matters we discussed in this document. You should not consider any information in this document to be legal, business or tax advice. You should consult your own attorney, business advisor and tax advisor for legal, business and tax advice regarding an investment in the Notes. In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of our business and the terms of this offering and the notes, including the merits and risks involved.
We accept responsibility for the information contained in this offering memorandum. We have made all reasonable inquiries and confirm to the best of our knowledge, information and belief that the information contained in this offering memorandum with regard to us, our subsidiaries and affiliates and the notes is true and accurate in all material respects, that the opinions and intentions expressed in this offering memorandum are honestly held and that we are not aware of any other acts the omission of which would make this offering memorandum or any statement contained herein misleading in any material respect.
In accordance with normal and accepted market practice, none of the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent is responsible for the contents of this Offering Memorandum or expresses any opinion as to the merits of the Notes offered pursuant to this Offering Memorandum.
We and the Initial Purchasers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the notes in whole or in part for any reason or no reason and to allot to any prospective purchaser less than the full amount of the Notes sought by it.
The information set out in relation to sections of this offering memorandum describing clearing and settlement arrangements, including ''Description of Notes'' and ''Book-entry, Settlement and Clearance,'' is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the applicable rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream currently in effect. While we accept responsibility for accurately summarizing the information concerning Euroclear and/or Clearstream, we accept no further responsibility in respect of such information. See ''Risk Factors,'' for a description of some important risks related to an investment in the Notes offered by this offering memorandum.
IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON BRANCH (THE ''STABILIZING MANAGER'') (OR AFFILIATES ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILIZING MANAGER) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT THE STABILIZING MANAGER (OR AFFILIATES ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILIZING MANAGER) WILL UNDERTAKE STABILIZING ACTION. SUCH STABILIZING, IF COMMENCED, MAY BE DISCONTINUED AT ANY TIME AND MUST BE BROUGHT TO AN END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 CALENDAR DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES AND 60 CALENDAR DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE NOTES.
ii

NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA This offering memorandum has been prepared on the basis that all offers of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Directive, as amended, as implemented in the European Economic Area (''EEA'') by member states (''Member States''), from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make any offer within the EEA or any of its Member States of the Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this offering memorandum, should only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Initial Purchasers to produce a prospectus for such offer. Neither the Issuer nor the Initial Purchasers have authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of the Notes through any financial intermediary, other than offers made by the Initial Purchasers, which constitute the final offering of the Notes contemplated in this offering memorandum. In relation to each member state of the EEA which has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a ''Relevant Member State''), the Initial Purchasers have represented and agreed that with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the ''Relevant Implementation Date'') it has not made and will not make an offer of the Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of the Notes to the public in the Relevant Member State at any time:
(i) to any legal entity which is a Qualified Investor (as defined in the Prospectus Directive);
(ii) to fewer than 100 or, if the Relevant Member State has implemented the relevant provision of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150 natural or legal persons (other than Qualified Investors), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive; or
(iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive. For the purposes of this restriction, the expression an ''offer of the Notes to the public'' in relation to any Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State. The expression ''Prospectus Directive'' means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the Relevant Member State), and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State and the expression ''2010 PD Amending Directive'' means Directive 2010/73/EU.
iii

NOTICE TO CERTAIN OTHER EUROPEAN INVESTORS
United Kingdom
This offering memorandum is for distribution only to, and is only directed at, persons who (i) are outside the United Kingdom, (ii) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the ''Financial Promotion Order''), (iii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ''relevant persons''). This offering memorandum is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this offering memorandum relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. The Notes are being offered solely to ''Qualified Investors'' as defined in the Prospectus Directive and accordingly the offer of notes is not subject to the obligation to publish a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Directive.
Sweden
This offering memorandum is not a prospectus and has not been prepared in accordance with the prospectus requirements provided for in the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) or any other Swedish enactment. Neither the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) nor any other Swedish public body has examined, approved or registered this offering memorandum or will examine, approve or register this offering memorandum. Accordingly, this offering memorandum may not be made available, nor may the Notes otherwise be marketed and offered for sale, in Sweden other than in circumstances that constitute an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act.
France
This offering memorandum has not been prepared and is not being distributed in the context of an offer to the public of financial securities in France within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monetaire et financier and Title 1 of Book II of the Reglement General de l'Autorite des Marches Financiers, and has not been approved by, registered or filed with the Autorite des marches financiers (the ''AMF''). Therefore, the Notes may not be, directly or indirectly, offered or sold to the public in France and this offering memorandum has not been and will not be released, issued or distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France or used in connection with any offer for subscription or sales of the Notes to the public in France. Offers, sales and distributions have only been and shall only be made in France to: (i) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour le compte de tiers), (ii) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifies) acting for their own account and/or (iii) a limited group of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs) acting solely for their own account, all as defined in and in accordance with Articles L.411-2, D.411-1 to D.411-4, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monetaire et financier. Prospective investors are informed that (a) this offering memorandum has not been and will not be submitted for clearance to the AMF, (b) in compliance with Articles L.411-2 and D.411-1 through D.411-4 of the French Code monetaire et financier, any investors subscribing for the Notes should be acting for their own account and (c) the direct and indirect distribution or sale to the public of the Notes acquired by them may only be made in compliance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monetaire et financier.
Germany
The offering of the Notes is not a public offering in the Federal Republic of Germany. The Notes may be offered and sold in the Federal Republic of Germany only in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Prospectus Act of the Federal Republic of Germany (the ''Securities
iv

Prospectus Act,'' Wertpapierprospektgesetz WpPG) and any other applicable German law. Consequently, in Germany the Notes will only be available to, and this offering memorandum and any other offering material in relation to the Notes is directed only at, persons who are qualified investors (qualifizierte Anleger) within the meaning of Section 2 No. 6 of the Securities Prospectus Act. Any resale of the Notes in Germany may only be made in accordance with the Securities Prospectus Act and other applicable laws.
Spain
This offering has not been registered with the Comision Nacional del Mercado de Valores and therefore the Notes may not be offered or sold or distributed in Spain except in circumstances which do not qualify as a public offer of securities in Spain in accordance with article 30 bis of the Securities Market Act (Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores) as amended and restated, or pursuant to an exemption from registration in accordance with Royal Decree 1310/2005 (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admision a negociacion de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas publicas de venta o suscripcion y del folleto exigible a tales efectos), each amended and respectively restated, among others, by Law 9/2012, of November 14, 2012 on the restructuring and resolution of credit institutions (Ley 9/2012, de 14 de noviembre, de reestructuracion y resolucion de entidades de credito), and Royal Decree 1698/2012, of December 21, 2012, amending the existing legislation on the necessary prospectuses and transparency requirements in issues of securities as a result of the transposition of Directive 2010/73/EU (Real Decreto 1698/2012, de 21 de diciembre, por el que se modifica la normativa vigente en materia de folleto y de requisitos de transparencia exigibles en las emisiones de valores por la transposicion de la Directiva 2010/73/UE), and any regulations developing it which may be in force from time to time.
Italy
This offering has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Societa e la Borsa (''CONSOB'') pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this offering memorandum or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: (i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998, as amended (the ''Italian Financial Services Act'') and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended from time to time (''Regulation No. 11971''); or (ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of the Italian Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes, or distribution of copies of this offering memorandum or any other document relating to the offered Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be: (a) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of October 23, 2007 and Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 (in each case, as amended from time to time); and (b) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, or requirement imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority.
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and the Regulation No. 11971. Furthermore, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to professional investors only but in the following year are ''systematically'' distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Italian Financial Services and the Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession.
v

The Netherlands
For selling restrictions in respect of the Netherlands, see ''Notice to Investors in the European Economic Area'' above and in addition:
Specific Dutch selling restriction for exempt offers: The Initial Purchasers have represented and agreed that it will not make an offer of the Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this offering memorandum to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive unless such offer is made exclusively to legal entities which are qualified investors (as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, the ''NLFMSA'')) in the Netherlands.
For the purposes of this provision, the expressions (i) ''an offer of the Notes to the public'' in relation to any Notes in the Netherlands; and (ii) ''Prospectus Directive,'' have the meaning given to them above in the paragraph headed ''Notice to Investors in the European Economic Area.''
Luxembourg
This offering memorandum has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (''Luxembourg'') for the purposes of a public offering or sale, in Luxembourg, of the Notes or admission to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (''LuxSE'') and trading on the LuxSE's regulated market of the Notes. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold to the public in Luxembourg, directly or indirectly, or listed or traded on the LuxSE's regulated market, and neither this offering memorandum nor any other circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other material may be distributed, or otherwise made available in or from, or published in, Luxembourg except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities to the public, subject to prospectus requirements, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law of July 10, 2005 on prospectuses for securities, as amended.
Cyprus
This offering memorandum has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the offering of the Notes, and consequently the Notes will not be offered, advertised, distributed, marketed or sold, whether directly or indirectly, to the public in Cyprus. Neither this offering memorandum nor any other offering material and any disclosure statements or information therein relating to the Notes will be released, issued, published, communicated, advertised or disseminated to the public in Cyprus.
The Notes may be offered, marketed or sold in Cyprus if addressed or sold solely to qualified investors or in circumstances where the offer, marketing or sale of the exchange consideration is permitted under the Cyprus national law implementing the Prospectus Directive, as amended (Public Offer and Prospectus Law, No. 114 (I) of 2005, as amended) and Directive 2004/39/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 2004, as amended (Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law, No. 144 (I) of 2007, as amended).
This offering memorandum does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation under Cyprus law, nor does it constitute an offer of securities in Cyprus. It is not intended to be and must not be distributed to the information distribution channels or the public in Cyprus, nor (when distributed by a duly licensed investment firm established or operating through a branch in Cyprus) to any person in Cyprus other than a ''professional client'' as defined in the Law on Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets (Law No. 144 (I) 2007, as amended).
The material and disclosure statements may not be used for solicitation purposes for or in connection with the acquisition of the Notes in circumstances under which is unlawful under Cyprus laws to make such an offer or solicitation.
THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH YOU SHOULD READ BEFORE YOU MAKE ANY DECISION WITH RESPECT TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES.
vi

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This offering memorandum includes forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms ''believes,'' ''estimates,'' ''anticipates,'' ''expects,'' ''intends,'' ''may,'' "w ill" or ''should'' or, in each case, their negative, or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this offering memorandum and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the industry in which we operate.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this offering memorandum. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this offering memorandum, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. Important factors that could cause those differences include, but are not limited to:
 our ability to generate enough cash flow from operations to satisfy our obligations, which may otherwise require us to refinance our existing debt;
 volatility in market prices for crude oil and refined products resulting in volatility in our refining margins;
 our reliance on a limited number of suppliers to provide a portion of our working capital;
 increases in competition caused by positive trends in global refining and conversion;
 the competitive nature of our industry;
 the Eurozone's slow economic recovery following the debt crisis and the geopolitical instability in the EU and Russia;
 operational hazards and our dependence on key refinery assets;
 our ability to comply with existing or newly implemented governmental laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations on climate change, occupational health and safety laws, competition laws, energy laws, tax laws and other laws in the various countries in which we operate;
 changes in our tax treatment and the tax deductibility of interest;
 our liability for environmental damages, known and unknown;
 the risk of currency and commodity price fluctuations and our ability to hedge against such risks;
 our need to make substantial capital expenditures with respect to our refineries;
 the potential loss of key management;
 labor disruptions involving our employees and employees of third-parties;
 exposure to economic disruptions in the various countries in which we, our suppliers and our customers operate;
 the difficulties of comparing our results of operations from period to period;
 changes in our obligations and liabilities incurred in connection with our pension plans;
 severe weather, natural disasters, climate change, terrorist attacks, threats of war and actual conflicts;
vii

 our ability to identify and integrate acquisitions successfully;  our ability to manage future growth successfully;  our joint ventures;  the potential failure of our information systems;  potential for security breaches of our information systems; and  other factors related to the Notes and our capital structure as well as other factors discussed
or referred to in this offering memorandum. We urge you to read the sections of this offering memorandum entitled ''Risk Factors,'' ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and ''Business'' for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect our future performance and the industry in which we operate. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this offering memorandum may not occur. All forward looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or publicly revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
VIII

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
In this offering memorandum, unless otherwise provided in the sections captioned ''Description of Notes'' or elsewhere in this offering memorandum:
 ''2011 Credit Facility'' refers to the $1,850 million revolving credit facilities (of which $73 million is uncommitted) and $650 million (equivalent) term loan facilities for Preem pursuant to a facilities agreement dated September 14, 2011, by and among, inter alios, Preem, as borrower, Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, DnB NOR Bank ASA, Nordea Bank AB (publ), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) as coordinating mandated lead arrangers and lenders, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as facility agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as factoring bank and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) as letter of credit fronting bank, as amended or amended and restated from time to time;
 ''2017 Notes'' refers to the approximately $168.5 million in original principal amount of 15% Senior Dollar Notes due 2017 issued by the Issuer on September 14, 2011 and the approximately 135.6 million in original principal amount of 15% Senior Euro Notes due 2017 issued by the Issuer on September 14, 2011;
 ''A&R Credit Facility'' refers to the 2011 Credit Facility as amended and/or amended and restated from time to time including by way of an amendment and restatement agreement dated February 3, 2016, and as further amended by an amendment letter dated April 18, 2016, which will become effective on the Issue Date, and pursuant to which a $1,542 million revolving credit facility (multi-currency) and approximately $68 million (equivalent, translated using the March 31, 2016 exchange rate of $1=SEK 8.1472) term facility is provided to Preem, with initial borrowings thereunder planned to occur at or around the Issue Date, by and among, inter alios, Preem, as borrower, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, DNB Bank ASA, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ), Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit, as lenders, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as facility agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as factoring bank and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) as letter of credit fronting bank, as further amended or amended and restated from time to time;
 ''Additional Notes'' refers to the Notes that may be issued under the Indenture either in payment of PIK Interest on the Notes or in payment of Additional Amounts (in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture) and having the same terms and conditions as the Notes;
 ''affiliate'' of any specified person refers to any other person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person. For the purposes of this definition, ''control'' when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms ''controlling'' and ''controlled'' have meanings correlative to the foregoing; provided that beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the voting stock of a person shall be deemed to be control;
 ''Collateral'' or ''Share Pledge'' refers to the pledge in favor of the Security Agent, for itself and for the Trustee and the holders of the Notes over the shares of the Issuer;
 ''Consolidated Financial Statements'' refers to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015, December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, including the accompanying notes thereto;
 ''Credit Facilities'' means, as the context requires, the 2011 Credit Facility and the A&R Credit Facility, with references to borrowings thereunder being to borrowings under the 2011 Credit Facility until replaced by borrowings under the A&R Credit Facility at its effective date;
 ''EU'' refers to the European Union;
 ''EU Fuel Quality Directive'' refers to Directive 2009/30/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 23, 2009, amending Directive 98/70/EC as regards the specification of
ix

petrol, diesel and gas-oil and introducing a mechanism to monitor and reduce greenhouse gas emissions and amending Council Directive 1999/32/EC as regards the specification of fuel used by inland waterway vessels and repealing Directive 93/12/EEC;
 ''Euro Notes'' refers to the 570,000,000 aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated 11.750%/13.250% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2021 offered hereby;
 ''Existing Shareholder Loans'' refers to, collectively, subordinated shareholder loans made to the Issuer in connection with certain transactions refinancing the Group's debt in 2011, comprising a $600 million subordinated shareholder loan, and two additional subordinated shareholder loans of $8 million and 9 million which were applied to the payment of expenses relating to certain refinancing transactions taking place in 2011, and which are being amended in connection with the Transactions, including to extend their maturity to November 30, 2021. The Existing Shareholder Loans bear an interest rate of 5% per annum and are paid in kind semi-annually. The outstanding principal amount of Existing Shareholder Loans was reduced as of August 27, 2014, January 31, 2015 and February 29, 2016 by converting SEK 1,050 million, SEK 1,000 million and SEK 500 million equivalent, respectively, from Existing Shareholder Loans to shareholder contributions. As of December 31, 2015, the Existing Shareholder Loans, including accrued interest expense, amounted to $464 million and 11 million respectively;
 ''Existing Shareholder Notes'' refers to the euro-denominated varying rate subordinated notes due 2019 (originally issued in an aggregate principal amount of 78,588,101) and to the dollar-denominated varying rate subordinated notes due 2019 (originally issued in an aggregate principal amount of $35,058,579) issued by the Issuer, as amended and restated from time to time, and the maturity of which are being extended as part of the Transactions to November 30, 2021. The Ultimate Shareholder owns all outstanding Existing Shareholder Notes, comprising an aggregate amount of 159 million and $71 million, as of December 31, 2015;
 ''Group'' and references to ''we,'' ''us'' and ''our'' refers to the Issuer and all of its subsidiaries, including Preem;
 ''IFRS'' refers to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU;
 ''Indenture'' refers to the indenture governing the Notes to be dated on or around the Issue Date by and among, inter alios, the Issuer, Moroncha Holdings, the Trustee, the Security Agent, the Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent;
 ''Initial Purchasers'' refers to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Danske Bank A/S, DNB Bank ASA, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Handelsbanken Capital Markets, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ), as initial purchasers of the Notes;
 ''Intercreditor Agreement'' refers to the intercreditor agreement dated 14 September 2011 between, inter alios, Preem, the Trustee, the Security Agent, and the facility agent and security agent under the A&R Credit Facility, as amended and restated from time to time including pursuant to an amendment and restatement dated February 3, 2016 to become effective on the Issue Date;
 ''Issue Date'' refers to May 9, 2016;
 ''Issuer'' refers to Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ), a company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with corporate identity number 556726-8569;
 ''Krona Notes'' refers to the SEK 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Swedish kronadenominated 12.250%/13.750% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2021 offered hereby;
 ''Listing Agent''refers to Banque Internationale a Luxembourg SA;
 ''Moroncha Holdings'' or ''Parent'' refers to Moroncha Holdings Co. Limited, the parent company of the Issuer;
 ''Nordic Region'' refers to the geographical region encompassing the countries Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden;
 ''Notes'' refers to the Euro Notes and the Krona Notes;
x

 ''Paying Agent'' refers to Deutsche Bank AG, London, Branch;  ''PIK Interest'' refers to any interest payable in accordance with the Indenture through the
issuance of Additional Notes having an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of interest then due and owing;  ''Platts'' refers to Platts, a division of McGraw Hill Financial, Inc.;  ''Preem'' refers to Preem AB (publ), a company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with corporate identity number 556072-6977 and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer;  ''Preem Gas'' refers to Preem Gas AB, a subsidiary of Preem;  ''Preemraff Gothenburg'' refers to Preem's Gothenburg refinery;  ''Preemraff Lysekil'' refers to Preem's Lysekil refinery;  ''Prospectus Directive'' refers to EU Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC) and amendments thereto;  ''Qualified Institutional Buyer'' or ''QIB'' refers to the meaning given by Rule 144A under the Securities Act;  ''Qualified Investors'' refers to persons who are ''qualified investors'' within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive;  ''Registrar'' refers to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas;  ''Regulation S'' refers to Regulation S under the Securities Act;  ''Rule 144A'' refers to Rule 144A under the Securities Act;  ''SAMIR'' refers to Societe Anonyme Marocaine de l'Industrie du Raffinage;  ''Scandinavia'' refers to, collectively, the countries of Sweden, Denmark and Norway;  ''SEC'' refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;  ''Securities Act'' refers to the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended;  ''Security Agent'' refers to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch;  ''Subordinated Shareholder Debt'' or ''Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness'' refers to, collectively, the Existing Shareholder Notes and the Existing Shareholder Loans;  ''Transactions'' refers to the following, taken together: i. the issuance of Notes contemplated under this offering memorandum; ii. repayment by the Issuer of the 2017 Notes; iii. extension of the maturity of the Subordinated Shareholder Debt to no earlier than the
181st day after the maturity of the Notes offered hereby by amending the Existing Shareholder Notes and the Existing Shareholder Loans; and iv. the entry into and becoming effective of the A&R Credit Facility, which will amend and restate the 2011 Credit Facility;  ''Transfer Agent'' refers to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch;  ''Trustee'' refers to Deutsche Trustee Company Limited;  ''Ultimate Shareholder'' refers to Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi; and  ''United States'' or the ''U.S.'' refer to the United States of America.
xi

PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION We commissioned Wood Mackenzie Limited ("Wood Mackenzie''), an independent market consultant, to prepare the "Industry" section of, and certain market and competitive position data used in, this offering memorandum, but we have not funded, nor are we otherwise affiliated with, any other third-party source cited herein. Any data sourced from Wood Mackenzie is used with the express written consent of Wood Mackenzie. We have generally obtained other market and competitive position data in this offering memorandum from industry publications and from surveys or studies conducted by third-party sources that we believe to be reliable, including the Swedish Petroleum and Biofuels Institute, the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau, the Swedish Transport Agency, the International Energy Agency and Platts. However, we cannot assure you of the accuracy and completeness of the "Industry" section of this offering memorandum or such information and we have not independently verified such market and position data. We do, however, accept responsibility for the correct reproduction of this information. In addition, in many cases we have made statements in this offering memorandum regarding our industry and our position in the industry based on our experience and our own investigation of market conditions. We cannot assure you that any of these assumptions are accurate or correctly reflect our position in the industry, and none of our internal surveys or information have been verified by any independent sources.
xii

PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
This offering memorandum presents summary financial information and selected financial data for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, which is derived from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015, December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 (the ''Consolidated Financial Statements'') included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union (''IFRS'').
This offering memorandum also presents summary financial information and selected financial data for the year ended December 31, 2012 and for the year ended December 31, 2011, which have been derived from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively, prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 are not included in this offering memorandum.
This offering memorandum contains non-IFRS measures including EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted cash flow available for debt service, business margin, gross refining margin, net cash business margin, total financial third party debt, total financial current third party debt, total financial long-term third party debt, net debt, net third party debt and various pro forma measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We present non-IFRS measures because we believe that they and similar measures are widely used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The non-IFRS measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies, have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Issuer's operating results as reported under IFRS. Non-IFRS measures such as EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, net debt and net third party debt are not measurements of the Issuer's performance or liquidity under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to operating income or net profit or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles or as alternatives to cash flow from operating, investing or financing activities.
As used in this offering memorandum, the following terms have the following meanings:
 ''Adjusted EBITDA'' means EBITDA adjusted to exclude inventory gains/losses and foreign currency gains/losses;
 ''business margin'' means the difference between the cost of crude oil valued at the actual crude purchase price, plus variable refining costs in a given month, and the average market prices for refined products. The difference between refining margin and business margin is ''timing effects.'' The timing effect occurs due to the fact that we may not price crude oil evenly throughout a month, while the refining margin corresponds to average market prices;
 ''EBITDA'' means net profit/(loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and adjusted for other financial expense and other financial income;
 ''gross refining margin'' means the difference between the sales revenue received from the sale of refined products produced by a refinery and the averaged cost of crude oil and (where relevant) other intermediate feedstocks processed by it. While crude oil costs in general are a function of supply and demand, there are many grades of crude oil and their relative prices vary. Like crude oil, different refined products vary in price. A refinery's gross refining margin is a measure of both the sophistication of the plant's design and its crude oil purchasing strategy (its ability to produce the most valuable refined product mix from the least costly crude oil). Thus, a refinery with a cracking facility, such a Preemraff Lysekil, that can produce a higher percentage of the lighter, higher-value fractions, will generally have a higher gross refining margin than a less complex facility, such as Preemraff Gothenburg;
 ''net cash business margin'' means the business margin less the refinery's fixed expenses plus ''sales other,'' such as storage tickets and harbor fees, excluding depreciation and other non-cash costs. Fixed expenses consist of, among others, personnel, maintenance, insurance and property costs. Net cash business margin indicates the cash-generating
xiii

capability of the refinery. Our net cash business margin differs from the ''net cash margin'' used by Wood Mackenzie in comparisons of refineries across the industry generally. Our net cash business margin represents a measurement used by our management for internal purposes and includes adjustments for sales of storage depot capacity, sales of storage tickets, sales of harbor fees as well as timing and inventory effects, each of which adjustments is not included in the term ''net cash margin'' used by Wood Mackenzie or by other companies. For further detail on Wood Mackenzie's calculation of net cash margin see ''Industry--Competitive Structure'';  ''net debt'' means total debt less cash and cash equivalents (which includes Subordinated Shareholder Debt);  ''net margin'' means the margin less depreciation and reflects the overall profitability of the refinery;  ''net third party debt'' means total financial third party debt less cash and cash equivalents;  ''refining margin'' measures the ability of a refinery to cover the variable refining costs of its refining process in addition to the cost of crude oil purchases. Variable refining costs consist of volume-related costs, such as the cost of energy, catalysts, chemicals and additives;  ''total financial current third party debt'' means total financial current debt excluding Subordinated Shareholder Debt;  ''total financial long-term third party debt'' means total financial long-term debt excluding Subordinated Shareholder Debt; and  ''total financial third party debt'' means total debt excluding Subordinated Shareholder Debt. Certain financial and other information presented within this offering memorandum as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2016, has been derived from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change. During the course of our management account completion and review process for the three months ended March 31, 2016, or our audit for the year ended December 31,2016, we could identify items that would require us to make adjustments and which could affect our final results of operations. See ''Disclosure Regarding Forward-looking Statements.'' The financial information, including unaudited pro forma information, included in this offering memorandum is not intended to comply with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC which would apply if the Notes were being registered with the SEC. Some financial information in this offering memorandum has been rounded and, as a result, the numerical figures shown as totals in this offering memorandum may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them.
xiv

CURRENCY PRESENTATION In this offering memorandum:  ''$,'' ''USD'' or ''dollar'' refer to the lawful currency of the United States;  '''' or ''euro'' refer to the single currency of the participating Member States in the Third
Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union of the Treaty Establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time; and  ''SEK,'' ''krona'' or ''kronor'' refer to the lawful currency of Sweden.
xv

EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION
The Issuer publishes its Consolidated Financial Statements in kronor. For your convenience, this offering memorandum presents translations into euro of certain krona amounts at the Swedish Central Bank's exchange rate for the krona against the euro on December 31, 2015 of 1.00 = SEK 9.135 as and where indicated. The following chart shows, for the periods indicated, the period end, average, high and low Swedish Central Bank foreign exchange reference rate for cable transfers of euro expressed as kronor per 1.00.

Year 2011.................................................. .......................... 2012.................................................. .......................... 2013.................................................. .......................... 2014.................................................. .......................... 2015.................................................. .......................... Month January 2 0 1 6 ................................... .......................... February 2016 ................................... .......................... March 2016....................................... .......................... April 1-22, 2016................................ ..........................

High

SEK per 1.00

Period

Low

Average111

Period End

9.3006 9.1575 9.0970 9.5263 9.6418

8.7095 8.2065 8.2876 8.7704 9.0732

9.3587 9.5223 9.3609 9.2901

9.1981 9.2923 9.2130 9.1559

9.0335 8.7053 8.6494 9.0968 9.3562
9.2804 9.4033 9.2865 9.2207

8.9447 8.6166 8.9430 9.5155 9.1350
9.2806 9.3342 9.2323 9.1895

(1) The p eriod average fo r 2011 to 2015 represents th e average o f th e noon b u yin g rates on th e last business day o f each m onth during the relevant period.
For your convenience, this offering memorandum presents translations into dollars of certain krona amounts at the Swedish Central Bank's exchange rate for the kronor against the dollar on December 31, 2015 of $1.00 = SEK 8.3524 as and where indicated. The following chart shows, for the periods indicated, the period end, average, high and low Swedish Central Bank foreign exchange reference rate for cable transfers of dollars expressed as kronor per $1.00.

Year 2011.................................................. ............................ 2012.................................................. ............................ 2013.................................................. ............................ 2014.................................................. ............................ 2015.................................................. ............................ Month January 2 0 1 6 ................................... ............................ February 2016................................... ............................ March 2016 ..................................... ............................ April 1-22, 2016 .............................. ............................

High

SEK per $1.00

Period

Low

Average111

Period End

6.9759 7.2850 6.8360 7.8117 8.8390

6.0050 6.5005 6.2940 6.3392 7.8239

8.6021 8.5651 8.6120 8.1796

8.4089 8.3948 8.1472 8.0826

6.4969 6.7754 6.5140 6.8577 8.4350
8.5368 8.4719 8.3690 8.1283

6.9234 6.5156 6.5084 7.8117 8.3524
8.5166 8.5376 8.1472 8.1472

(1) The p eriod average fo r 2011 to 2015 represents th e average o f th e noon b u yin g rates on th e last business day o f each m onth during the relevant period.
For your convenience, this offering memorandum presents translations into dollars of certain euro amounts at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's exchange rate for euro against the dollar on December 31, 2015 of 1.00= $1.0859 as and where indicated. The following chart shows, for the periods indicated, the period end, average, high and low noon buying rate in the City of New

xvi

York for cable transfers of euro expressed as dollars per 1.00, as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Year 2011.................................................. ............................ 2012.................................................. ............................ 2013.................................................. ............................ 2014.................................................. ............................ 2015.................................................. ............................ Month January 2 0 1 6 ................................... ............................ February 2016................................... ............................ March 2016 ..................................... ............................ April 1-22, 2016 .............................. ............................

High

$ per 1.00

Period

Low

Average(1)

1.4875 1.3463 1.3816 1.3927 1.2015

1.2926 1.2062 1.2774 1.2101 1.0524

1.0964 1.1362 1.1390 1.1430

1.0743 1.0845 1.0845 1.1239

1.3929 1.2858 1.3283 1.3295 1.1097
1.0855 1.1092 1.1121 1.1349

Period End
1.2978 1.3186 1.3779 1.2101 1.0859
1.0832 1.0868 1.1390 1.1239

(1) The p eriod average fo r 2011 to 2015 represents th e average o f th e noon b u yin g rates on th e last business day o f each m onth during the relevant period.
The rates in the above tables may differ from the actual rates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and other financial information appearing in this offering memorandum. The inclusion of these exchange rates is not meant to suggest that any amount of the currencies specified above has been, or could be, converted into the applicable currency at the rates indicated or any other rate.

xvii

SUMMARY
We are the largest oil refining company in the Nordic Region by production capacity with two technologically advanced refineries and a leading fuel distribution and retail network in Sweden. Preemraff Lysekil, one of our refineries, is the largest refinery by production capacity in the Nordic Region with production capacity of 220,000 bbl/day mainly for export outside of Sweden. Preemraff Lysekil consistently ranks in the first or second quartile of European refineries according to Wood Mackenzie. Preemraff Gothenburg, our other refinery, has production capacity of approximately 125,000 bbl/day with a focus on producing ultra-low sulfur diesel and gasoline that meet stringent Swedish environmental standards mainly for use in Sweden and the United Kingdom. Both refineries are located on the western Swedish coast with integrated harbors which are large enough to accept very large crude carriers (''VLCC''), providing advantageous access to North Sea and Ural crude oil supplies. In addition, we have an extensive fuel distribution and retail network in Sweden, consisting of 341 Preem-branded service stations and 165 S^ifa-branded diesel truck stops.
We believe the energy and environmental efficiency levels achieved at our Preemraff Lysekil refinery are among the most competitive compared to those achieved at other European integrated refineries. We further believe that the higher environmental quality low-sulfur diesel refined at our Preemraff Gothenburg refinery has the highest proportion of renewably sourced content on the Swedish market compared to other conventional diesel. In comparison to other European integrated refineries, we believe that we also benefit from close access to demand centers in northwestern Europe and a stable home market with high barriers to entry.
The Ultimate Shareholder, Mohammed Al-Amoudi, acquired our business in 1994. Mr. Al-Amoudi was ranked by Forbes as the 138th richest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of $8.3 billion, as of March 1,2016. He has demonstrated his continued commitment to the business, including by further extending the subordination and maturity of the Subordinated Shareholder Debt in connection with the Transactions. He has made additional contributions to the Issuer of SEK 6,025 million (equivalent to approximately $721 million or 660 million using the SEK:$ and SEK: exchange rates as of December 31, 2015 as set out in ''Exchange Rate Information'') as of December 31, 2015 via shareholder loans and contributions to equity since 2010. On February 29, 2016, an additional SEK 500 million was converted from an Existing Shareholder Loan to a shareholder's contribution. This is in addition to the Ultimate Shareholder's ownership of the Existing Shareholder Notes. In addition to improving our capitalization, a portion of these funds have been invested in our refinery assets to further advance our position as a sustainable and profitable downstream energy company in a market responding to increasing environmental standards.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, we had sales revenue of SEK 66,006 million ($7,903 million or 7,226 million) and Adjusted EBITDA of SEK 5,428 million ($650 million or 594 million). Our leverage ratio on a pro forma basis for the consummation of the Transactions as of March 31, 2016 amounts to 2.0 (excluding Subordinated Shareholder Debt and excluding any letters of credit that the Group has outstanding), based upon (i) our preliminary financial information as of March 31, 2016, as derived from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change, and (ii) using the March 31, 2016 exchange rates provided in ''Exchange Rate Information."
Our business operates through two segments, a Supply and Refining segment and a Marketing and Sales segment. We refine crude oil in Sweden and then market and sell refined products primarily in Sweden and other northwestern European markets, including Scandinavia, France, Germany and the United Kingdom, as well as, to a lesser extent, the United States and other markets. Our refineries represented approximately 80% of the refining capacity in Sweden and approximately 29% of the refining capacity in the Nordic Region for the year ended December 31, 2015. We sell more refined products in Sweden than any of our competitors. We
1

estimate that we have sold approximately 41% of all refined products sold in Sweden during the year ended December 31, 2015.

Revenue by segment (year ended
December 31, 2015)

EBITDA by segment (year ended
December 31, 2015)

 Supply and Refining
 Marketing

 Supply and Refining
 Marketing

Our technologically advanced refineries and advantageous port locations allow us to match the changing fuel needs of our key markets and acquire low cost feedstock while optimizing production. We source feedstock from the North Sea, Russia, West Africa and the Middle East to produce a transportation fuel-skewed production slate. We benefit from a well-invested asset base with a Nelson Complexity Index of 10.0 for Preemraff Lysekil and 7.1 for Preemraff Gothenburg which allows us to produce high margin transportation fuels efficiently. As a technologically advanced refinery, Preemraff Lysekil is able to process a predominantly heavy crude slate into a transportation fuel-skewed range of products which provide substantial flexibility in sourcing feedstock at attractive prices in the market. We believe that Preemraff Gothenburg is one of the most competitive and environmentally oriented hydroskimming refineries in Europe. Preemraff Gothenburg produces a higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel when compared to other fuels, which has generated relatively high margins, and includes approximately 35% biofuel in the case of diesel and 10% biofuel in the case of gasoline. Additionally, Preemraff Gothenburg includes two integrated systems for the utilization and sale of surplus heat. We sell our surplus heat to the City of Gothenburg.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, our Supply and Refining segment had sales revenue (including internal sales and exchange rate differences) of SEK 64,194 million ($7,686 million or 7,027 million) and EBITDA of SEK 4,303 million ($515 million or 471 million).
Our Marketing and Sales segment services both the Swedish business market (''Energy Division'') and the retail transportation fuel market (''Retail Division''). For the year ended December 31, 2015, we estimate that we maintained the leading market share measured by volume in diesel (34%) and fuel oil (62%), and one of the leading market shares in heating oil (48%) in the Swedish market, according to our calculations based on Swedish Statistical Central Bureau data. The Retail Division sells gasoline and diesel through a network which, as of December 31, 2015, consisted of 341 Preem-branded service stations (of which 100 are manned, companyowned and dealer-operated, and 241 are unmanned, company-owned and company-operated) along with 165 company-owned and company-operated Saifa-branded diesel truck stops. We believe the addition of our higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel has created a differentiator in the market. Our retail market share, as per our estimations, increased to 18.8% for the year ended December 31, 2015 measured by volume, from 18.7% for the year ended December 31, 2014.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, our Marketing and Sales segment had sales revenue (including internal sales and exchange rate differences) of SEK 15,612 million ($1,869 million or 1,709 million) and EBITDA of SEK 519 million ($62 million or 57 million).
Segment financial data, including ''sales revenue'', ''EBITDA'' and ''Adjusted EBITDA'', includes sales from one segment to another and excludes consolidation adjustments, central corporate costs and the impact of exchange rate movements. Accordingly, the sum of these items on a segment basis will not be equal to the sum of the segment results or otherwise directly comparable to the same items set out in our consolidated accounts.

2

Our Strengths
We believe we benefit from the following competitive strengths:
Technologically advanced refineries
Since being acquired by our Ultimate Shareholder in 1994, we have remained committed to being a technologically advanced refining company. Through our positioning in the entire value chain of the supply, refinery and distribution sections of the refining business, we are able to compete effectively with the refinery divisions of integrated energy companies. By focusing attention and investment in technology in relation to the refining part of the business that we believe is not the main focus of our integrated competitors, we are able to capitalize quickly on market opportunities with the aim of achieving relatively more consistent and profitable results.
Preemraff Lysekil has a Nelson Complexity Index ranking of 10.0, a complex cracking and large desulfurization capability, and includes visbreaker, fluid catalytic cracker, mild hydrocracker and hydrocracker upgrading units which are used to convert a significant portion of residual fuel oils to lighter, higher-value products. These investments allow Preemraff Lysekil to manufacture diesel with very low sulfur content (10 parts per million) that meets stringent Swedish environmental standards as well as the less burdensome environmental standards of the United Kingdom and the European Union. Recent investments in 2014 to improve efficiency and profitability at Preemraff Lysekil include a Liquefied Natural Gas (''LNG'') terminal that enables use of LNG as an energy feedstock. Preemraff Lysekil's last turnaround was in 2013, with the next turnaround scheduled for 2019. Preemraff Lysekil has a total storage capacity of approximately 15 million barrels, which provides additional operating flexibility in times of short term supply interruptions. The refinery is located on a 465-acre site on the west coast of Sweden with direct access to Brofjord, the second largest harbor in Sweden in terms of millions of tons handled according to the Swedish government's transport agency. The harbor, which we own, provides us with direct deep water jetty access to oil tankers and VLCCs for both the import of crude oil and the distribution of refined products. Preemraff Lysekil is able to process feedstock composed of up to 100% heavy crude which allows us to acquire feedstock from a wide range of oil producing areas on a cost effective basis. For example, Preemraff Lysekil's complex configuration has recently allowed us to purchase crude oil cargos originating from Saudi Arabia and Nigeria to take advantage of attractive pricing. To maximize the advantage of its port access near large customer bases in northwestern Europe, 80% of Preemraff Lysekil's production was exported for the year ended December 31, 2015, with the majority of refined product sold in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Denmark.
Preemraff Gothenburg has been designed as a sophisticated hydroskimmer with an advanced desulfurization unit and a mild hydrocracker to maximize the value of our proximity to Sweden's major population centers by meeting Swedish retail and business energy demand. In addition to its Nelson Complexity Index ranking of 7.1, this refinery has a green hydrotreater unit (''Green Hydrotreater") which enables us to produce higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel which we sell to environmentally conscious Swedish commercial customers. We believe that our higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel includes the highest percentage of renewable fuel in conventional diesel and gasoline in the market (which is substantial in the case of diesel) and that using it instead of conventional transportation fuel reduces net carbon impact. We believe that there are only five refineries within northwest Europe that have the capacity to produce this kind of higher environmental quality fuel, including both of Preem's refining assets. Three of these refineries (including Preemraff Gothenburg and Preemraff Lysekil) are located in Sweden, one is located in Denmark and the other in Finland. Recent investments include the construction of a Diesel Isomerization Unit which was completed in September 2015 and which has resulted in an increase in renewable diesel production capacity at Preemraff Gothenburg of approximately 80% to 85%. The refinery also benefits from two integrated waste-heat extraction systems for the utilization and sale of surplus heat. For the year ended December 31,2015, Preemraff Gothenburg generated additional revenue from the sale of surplus heat to the City of Gothenburg of SEK 38.9 million ($5 million or 4 million) with relatively little additional operating cost. Preemraff Gothenburg's last turnaround was in 2011, with the next turnaround scheduled for 2017. Preemraff Gothenburg has a total storage capacity of approximately 12 million barrels, which provides additional operating flexibility in times of short term supply interruptions. The refinery is located on a 370-acre site near the harbor of Torshamnen, Sweden's largest harbor, in Gothenburg.
3

Preemraff Gothenburg's proximity to this harbor, which provides for oil tanker and VLCC access, helps it to maintain low crude oil transportation costs and its proximity to the west coast inland market helps it to minimize distribution costs to our business and retail fuel distribution network. 69% of Preemraff Gothenburg's production was exported for the year ended December 31, 2015, with the bulk of the exported refined products sold in the United Kingdom.
We believe that our refinery assets are among the best in class by type, providing feedstock procurement flexibility and a high yield of higher value transportation fuels, while allowing us to process feedstock in an energy and environmentally efficient manner. We believe that all of these factors allow us to maximize profitability throughout economic cycles.
According to Wood Mackenzie, 2010 to 2014 presented a challenging time period for European refineries which resulted in the closures of a number of non-competitive assets. Despite these challenges, strong, competitive, more modern refineries such as ours continued to generate income and profit during this period. Further closures of relatively weaker refinery assets are likely to help strengthen the market, and we believe such closures will be to our benefit. The figure below indicates the average net cash margin results from Wood Mackenzie's analysis of European refineries over the past five years, with identification of refinery closures which occurred during this time. Almost all of the refinery closures assessed have been in the fourth quartile for competitiveness and are expected to have had negative refining margins.
European Refinery Net Cash Margin-- 5 Year Average 2010-2014 10 8 6 4
.Qa 2 om 0
-2 -4 -6
-8
I Refinery closures (2010 - 2014)
Source: W ood M ackenzie, Preem R e fineries clo se d d u rin g th is p e rio d have been in clu d e d in th e ir ranked p o s itio n s as o f th e ye a r o f clo su re
Wood Mackenzie has provided an assessment of net cash margin for competing European refineries in 2014 based on their published research and analysis and, as detailed in the table below, has ranked our net cash margin for 2014 against our European peer group. Preemraff Lysekil achieved a strong first quartile performance in 2014 with a net cash margin for the year of 3.3 $/bbl, a solid performance despite a number of major planned and unplanned maintenance shutdowns. The Preemraff Gothenburg refinery achieved a second quartile performance in 2014, with a net cash margin of 0.9 $/bbl.
4

European Refinery Net Cash Margin Assessment (2014)
1st Quartile Preemraff

4th Quartile

-2
-4
-6
-8
-10
Source: W ood M ackenzie, Preem
According to Wood Mackenzie, data for 2015 indicates an increase in global oil demand and a strengthening margin environment for European refineries. For more discussion of global oil demand and margins for European refineries see ''Industry--Global Refining Market Overview''.
Ideal refinery locations with direct deep sea access Our refineries are located on the west coast of Sweden which is on the primary seaways for
feedstocks destined for northwestern Europe, including North Sea low sulfur and Russian higher sulfur (''Urals''). Furthermore, because of the close proximity of our refineries to our principal target markets in northwestern Europe, we maintain low transportation costs, while also maintaining advantaged access to the inland consumption market in Sweden, our core market. To capitalize on Europe's economic recovery, we have focused on producing transportation fuels, particularly diesel, as diesel demand has continued to exceed regional production capacity during the last decade and this imbalance is expected to persist at least until 2020, according to Wood Mackenzie.

5

Supply and Trading revenue by customer (year ended December 31, 2015)
 Greenergy  Statoil Fuel
and Retail  OK-Q8
 BP Oil International  Shell Rotterdam  Phillips 66 T Other

Preemraff Gothenburg crude slate (year ended
December 31, 2015)
 North Sea LS  WAF LS

Preemraff Lysekil crude slate (year ended
December 31, 2015)
3% 2%
10%  North Sea LS
WAF LS
 Urals HS
M WAFHS

Largest oil refining company in the Nordic Region with leading market position
Our network of business and retail outlets in Sweden is a natural extension of our refining operations and serves as an important captive distribution channel for our refined petroleum products. As a result of our extensive downstream footprint in Sweden, for the year ended December 31, 2015, we had the leading market share in terms of sales volume of diesel and fuel oil and one of the leading market shares in heating oil, with approximately 34% of diesel sales, 62% of fuel oil sales and 48% of heating oil sales according to our calculations based on data from the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau.
The charts below detail the proportions of various Swedish market shares held by us, as a percentage of our total market share, and our applicable top three competitors as at December 31, 2015.

Diesel Market Share (year ended
December 31, 2015)

2%

 Preem AB

 OK-Q8

 ST 1

 Statoil Fuel and Retail
l Other

Fuel Oil Market Share (year ended
December 31, 2015)
14%
 Preem AB  ST 1  Direkt Import

Heating Oil Market Share (year ended
December 31, 2015)
5%  Preem AB  OK-Q8  ST 1 lOther

Source: G roup calculations based on data from the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau.
We believe that there are several factors that will support our continued market leading position:
 Technologically advanced refined product (i.e. ultra-low sulfur and renewable sourced fuel) that we believe potential entrants would find challenging and cost prohibitive to replicate;
 Environmental permits and licenses to operate in the Nordic Region, which are some of the most stringent in the world and which we believe would require a significant commitment of time and capital for a potential entrant to acquire;
 The vertical integration of our terminals, refineries, storage facilities and distribution networks in Sweden, which we believe would limit the ability of entrants to compete at individual points of the value chain given their heavily interlinked nature;
 The marketing of our higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel, which has continued to improve our environmental credentials, brand recognition of the Preem brand and loyalty among Swedish business and retail customers;
 Swedish fuel standards, which are more rigorous than those of neighboring markets and which we believe limit the upside potential of entrants due to the need to modify refineries to meet the requirements of a well-served market; and

6

 A long-term skilled and specialized workforce is required to safely and efficiently operate a vertically integrated downstream energy company which we believe new entrants would find difficult to recreate.
Market leading innovations We have implemented two key innovations over recent years:  SunPine Biofuel Refinery (''SunPine'')--A joint venture, which is approximately 25% owned by Preem, with the following partners: Sodra Skogsagarna ek. for. (approximately 25%), Sveaskog Forvaltnings Aktiebolag (publ) (approximately 25%), Lawter BVBA (approximately 10%) and Kiram AB (approximately 15%). The SunPine biorefinery uses renewable resources (namely pulp excess) to generate feedstock for the Green Hydrotreater located at Preemraff Gothenburg. The biofuel production at SunPine for the year ended December 31, 2015 was 80,988 tons of tall oil; and  Preemraff Gothenburg has waste-heat extraction systems which enable us to sell surplus heat which would otherwise be wasted. We estimate that volumes sold correspond to the heating equivalent of approximately 200,000 barrels of fuel oil per year to the district heating system of the City of Gothenburg. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Preemraff Gothenburg generated additional revenue from these activities of SEK38.9 million ($5 million or 4 million) at relatively little additional operating costs. As a result of our continuous improvement initiatives, we strongly believe that our refineries
emit on average less carbon dioxide equivalents, less nitrogen oxides (NOx) and less sulfur (SOx) than the average refinery in Western Europe. We believe our strong environmental credentials are viewed positively by customers, stakeholders and environmental regulators.
We believe the net impact of these innovations improves our profitability and our reputation with stakeholders, provides stable, high margin revenue streams and demonstrates our responsible approach to maximizing the long-term value of our assets. We continue to invest in promising developments that we believe will have meaningful impacts on our sustainable profitability, including converting industrial byproducts such as lignin into feedstock and producing refined products for the chemical industry instead of lower margin portions of our production slate.
Integrated marketing business provides stable cash flows Our extensive terminal and storage network allows us to optimize distribution across Sweden
and northwestern Europe to our business and retail network, large corporate customers and thirdparty distributors. Sales through our retail network, which included, as of December 31, 2015, 341 Preem-branded service stations (of which 100 are company-owned and dealer-operated, and 241 are company-owned and company-operated) along with 165 company-owned and company-operated Saifa-branded diesel truck stops, provide us with a secure and reliable distribution outlet while business-to-business sales to large corporate customers and third-party distributors allow us to capture additional margins over the bulk spot market. As a result of our extensive downstream footprint in Sweden, for the year ended December 31, 2015, we had the leading market share in terms of sales volume of diesel and fuel oil and one of the leading market shares in heating oil, with approximately 34% of diesel sales, 62% of fuel oil sales and 48% of heating oil sales, according to our own calculations based on data from the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau.
7

The table below shows the operating profit of our Marketing and Sales segment for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.

Operating Profit (in million, SEK)

433

422

370

390

r
Year ended December 31,
2012

Year ended December 31,
2013

T
Year ended December 31,
2014

1
Year ended December 31,
2015

Supportive refining industry fundamentals
Global oil product demand is expected by Wood Mackenzie to continue to increase from around 4,300 million tons per annum (''mtpa'') in 2015 to around 4,470 mtpa by 2020, driven by increasing global economic development and population. Demand from emerging economies within the Asia Pacific region, the Middle East and Latin America are expected to constitute the largest portion of this increase. Rising incomes and growing vehicle numbers in these regions are pushing up demand for oil products. Wood Mackenzie believes that the structural growth in demand for oil products will underpin the need for continued oil products sourced from refiners and the requirement for additional investment in the sector over time.
According to Wood Mackenzie, European demand for oil products is forecasted to remain relatively stable over the next five years, reaching an estimated 786 mtpa by 2020 (a relatively small decrease from the expected demand of approximately 801 mtpa for 2015). Despite the predictions of an improving economic outlook for the European region, any increase in fuel consumption based on economic growth is restricted by the relatively low oil intensity of this economic recovery, in addition to improving fuel efficiency standards arising from more stringent environmental regulations coming into effect. A much larger variation exists between different product types, as decline in demand for some products, such as gasoline, fuel oil and naphtha, are offset by strong growth in middle distillates (such as diesel and jet fuel). Demand for diesel fuel is driven mainly by the commercial freight and trucking sector and, to a lesser extent, by passenger vehicle demand.
Europe's large deficit in middle distillates is expected by Wood Mackenzie to increase significantly over the next five years, from 48 mtpa in 2015 to approximately 71 mtpa by 2020. This significant increase is anticipated to be the result of strong growth in demand and declining supply, as output from a number of less competitive refining assets is expected to decrease. As a result, European imports of these products will need to increase, which should support prices and markets for domestic refiners.
Europe has experienced a significant reduction in refinery capacity over the past five years. Between 2010 and 2015, 15 major refineries have closed down, and four have rationalized their crude processing capacity, which has reduced total installed capacity by two million bbl/day (a 10% decline in total refining capacity). As a result, the refining capacity of the region is approximately 18 million bbl/day. We believe that closures have generally been of less competitive refineries which have struggled to achieve profitability during the sustained challenging market environment conditions of the past five years. Additional closures are expected, which will further reduce supply and ultimately tighten the market going forward, which should support the refining margins and the outlook for Europe's remaining refiners in the longer term.
Since the third quarter of 2014, refining margins within Europe began to improve significantly and continued to do so throughout 2015, with only a slight weakening in the final quarter of the year. This has predominantly been driven by significant capacity closures, a significant increase in demand for gasoline, a number of unplanned refinery maintenance closures and delays to new projects. The resultant shortage of gasoline has resulted in higher European refining margins in order to incentivize refiners to run refineries at higher throughput rates, thereby increasing supply to meet demand.

8

Strong management team with an average of approximately 15 years of industry experience
Our senior management team has over 100 years of combined experience in the oil supply and refining industry; including members of management with more than 20 years of experience at Preem and others who bring extensive experience from companies such as ExxonMobil and Vattenfall. The depth of experience and technical knowledge of our management team underscores our ability to develop and implement strategies to align our operations with trends in the refining industry.
Highly supportive long-term shareholder
Mr. Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi is our ultimate controlling shareholder. Mr. Al-Amoudi has stated that he employs over 70,000 people globally through his portfolio companies. According to Forbes, Mr. Al-Amoudi was ranked as the 138th wealthiest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of $8.3 billion, as of March 1, 2016. Mr. Al-Amoudi began his career in construction before diversifying his holdings into energy, agribusiness, real estate, manufacturing, industrial services, engineering, tourism and international trade.
Since acquiring our business in 1994, Mr. Al-Amoudi has supported our growth into one of Europe's most technologically advanced downstream energy companies. We represent a key investment in Mr. Al-Amoudi's energy portfolio which includes holdings in Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB (Exploration & Production), Societe Anonyme Marocaine de l'Industrie Raffinage (Refining), NAFT (Retail Distribution), The Coral Oil Co. (Retail Distribution) and The Speed Oil Co. (Retail Distribution).
Mr. Al-Amoudi remains fully committed to our business and, as the Chairman of our Board of Directors, is fully involved in ongoing strategic and operating decisions. Mr. Al-Amoudi has demonstrated a willingness and ability to invest in our business in challenging market conditions, such as during 2011 when oversupply in the European fuel market led to low margins, as well as by further extending the subordination and maturity of the Subordinated Shareholder Debt in connection with the Transactions. He has made additional contributions to the Issuer of SEK 6,025 million (equivalent to approximately $721 million or 660 million using the SEK:$ and SEK: exchange rates as of December 31, 2015 provided in ''Exchange Rate Information'') as of December 31, 2015 via shareholder loans and contributions to equity since 2010. On February 29, 2016, an additional SEK 500 million was converted from an Existing Shareholder Loan to a shareholder's contribution. In addition to improving our capitalization, a portion of these funds have been invested in our refinery assets to further advance our position as a sustainable and profitable downstream energy company in a market responding to increasing environmental standards.
Our Strategy
Our business strategy is to enhance our operating margins and strengthen our position as one of Europe's largest independent oil refining companies with the largest oil refining capacity located in the Nordic Region by employing the key measures set forth below:
Maximize our refineries' margins
We intend to continue to maximize our refining margins and the value of our products by supplying each refinery with the optimal crude oil package based on our regular evaluation of the economics of multiple available crudes and feedstocks. This includes continuously exploring opportunities to optimize our ability to process typically low cost, high-sulfur crude oils. We also believe that diesel fuel margins have large growth potential which is mainly driven by economic upturns and industrial growth in addition to the current structural shortfall in diesel fuel supply.
9

Therefore, we are focused on ensuring that our refineries remain well positioned to meet any increase in demand through our large diesel production capacity.

100% 80% 60% 40% 20% 0%

Refinery Production Yield (year ended December 31, 2015)

28%

41%

30%

Diesel & Gasoil 43%
Gasoline 29%

59%

Diesel & Gasoil 40%
Gasoline 19%

70%

Diesel & Gasoil 29%
:
Gasoline 41%

Preem

European average

US average

Gasoline, Diesel & Gasoil

 Other

Diesel Market Share (year ended
December 31, 2015)

2%

 Preem AB

 OK-Q8

 ST 1

 Statoil Fuel and Retail
 Other

Source: Preem and W ood Mackenzie.

Maintain focus on improving our refineries' cost structure
We intend to maintain our focus on operational excellence and reduce operating costs by continuing to capitalize on the synergies captured under the unification of our two refineries. We will also further explore methods to fully utilize the sophisticated configuration of our refineries, especially at Preemraff Lysekil. For example, we have recently entered into an arrangement with an experienced Engineering Procurement and Construction ("EPC") provider to work towards adding further capability to refine heavy oils. In parallel, we intend to continue to improve the quality of our refined products and to optimize our maintenance costs through more efficient work procedures while remaining mindful of maintaining and even increasing operational availability.

Capitalize on our brand and product strength in our marketing operations
We aim to build on our leadership in the business-to-business market and to maximize the value of our captive home market by expanding our retail footprint to win a greater percentage of the retail market. In light of evolving consumer preferences and environmental requirements, we are focusing on capitalizing on our strength and reputation as a provider of renewable fuel and energy. In addition, we strive to broaden and intensify our involvement with both customers and distributors whilst adapting our product portfolio to future demands in Sweden and the international market.

Share of Swedish Business and Industry Market
(year ended December 31, 2014 or 2015, as indicated)

Diesel Market Share
3% Other 4^4
17% X 21% 24% b O , 19%

56%

57%

Fuel Oil Market Share

Other 14%

24%

24%

64% /s\ 62%

2014

2015

2014

2015

Share of Swedish Retail Market (year ended December 31, 2015)

Source: G roup calculations based on data fro m the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau.

Continue to develop and market biofuels and pursue other sustainable business initiatives
The demand for biofuels is increasing, and as Sweden's largest producer of fuels, we strive to lead the development of sustainable fuel sources that meet the transportation and energy demands of modern society. We intend to increase our presence in this market by developing and selectively testing an array of alternative fuels that use renewable raw materials that do not

10

compete with global food production, do not reduce water assets and do not threaten biodiversity. We also intend to continue to explore methods to reduce our emission levels and to optimize our energy consumption to further ensure the sustainability of our business, such as through harnessing alternative energy sources like wind power and implementing the best available technology in our refining processes to reduce emissions.
Make disciplined capital and strategic investments
We regularly evaluate and consider prudent investments to maintain and enhance our production capabilities and business. For example, we currently plan to make investments in a new MK1 blender at Preemraff Gothenburg which we expect will increase production flexibility and enable optimization of MK1 production units, particularly with regard to hydrogen utilization, at an approximate cost of SEK 29 million (approximately $3.5 million or 3.2 million). In addition, we plan to invest approximately SEK 1,600 million ($192 million or 175 million), spread over three years budgeted as 20% in 2016, 40% in 2017 and 40% in 2018, in vacuum distillation equipment at Preemraff Lysekil, which is targeted to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our current expectation is that this upgrade will increase Preemraff Lysekil's refining margins by approximately $0.50/bbl, with a payback period of approximately 3 years. We are also planning to upgrade our IT systems by 2017 for an estimated cost of approximately SEK 500 million (approximately $60 million or 55 million). We also regularly evaluate and pursue select opportunities to expand our distribution and marketing footprint, including possible opportunities for an increased retail network and depot capacity elsewhere in the Nordic Region. We are pursuing additional potential capital and strategic investments as described in ''--Recent Developments,'' below.
Continue our deleveraging process, including our plan to pay cash interest on the Notes
We believe that improvements to our capital efficiency, including by means of the Transactions, will enable us to improve our ability to service our debt and to continue to reduce our financial leverage over time. Since 2011, we have been amortizing the term loan portion of the Credit Facilities at an average of approximately $109 million per year from an initial principal amount of $650 million (equivalent) at September 14, 2011 to $100 million (equivalent) as of December 31, 2015.

Term Loan Credit Facilities-- Outstanding Balance (in million, SEK equivalent)

4,194

4>244

Septem ber 14, Decem ber 31, Decem ber 31, Decem ber 31, Decem ber 31, Decem ber 31,

2011

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

11

We expect that we will fully repay the term loan portion of the Credit Facilities prior to the term loan's maturity in September, 2016. Subject to continued compliance with limitations in the A&R Credit Facility and maintenance of adequate liquidity during changing market conditions, we expect that any positive cash flows from operations which might have otherwise been used to finance the amortization of the term loan could therefore be available to pay cash interest (rather than PIK Interest) on the Notes, finance potential investments and, over time, repurchase the Notes or otherwise to reduce third party debt.
Recent Developments
Trading Update; Preliminary Financial Information
In January 2016, the crude price continued to weaken. Supply of crude oil remained higher than demand, which caused the price of crude oil to drop to a low of 27 $/bbl in January. Since then, prices fluctuated as major producers indicated a possible willingness to freeze output, then failed to reach agreement before the date of this offering memorandum. The effect on the Group has been that the costs of raw materials (i.e. crude oil) for production have decreased compared to recent prior periods, and, as a result the price and the competitiveness of our refined products in relation to other energy sources has improved. Management's plans anticipated a lowering of results related to the lower price of crude oil, as well as weaker diesel crack spreads which are expected to continue during the first half of 2016, and the transition from winter gasoline to summer gasoline.
We have continued to purchase put options in accordance with our strategy to protect against the risk of declines in the price of crude oil below the strike price of the put options. See ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--OffBalance Sheet Arrangements--Hedging Activities/Hedging of Inventory.'' This strategy has mitigated the effect from the falling crude price during the first two months of the year. Our current option positions have an average strike price of 28$/bbl with an expiry of May 25, 2016.
In each case on a preliminary basis for the three months ended March 31, 2016:
 our net sales amounted to SEK 14,061 million, compared to SEK 19,019 million in the same period of 2015, excise duties amounted to SEK 2,335 million compared to SEK 2,420 million in the same period of 2015, and, therefore, our total sales revenue amounted to SEK 11,726 million compared to SEK 16,598 million in the same period of 2015; and
 our EBITDA was SEK 1,022 million, compared to SEK 1,550 million in the same period of 2015.
In each case on a preliminary basis, as of March 31, 2016:
 our cash and cash equivalents was SEK 124 million;
 the outstanding balance of the term loan under the Credit Facilities was approximately $68 million (equivalent); and
 the drawn portion of the revolving credit facility amounted to approximately $472 million, not including letters of credit amounting to approximately $36 million.
The foregoing discussion has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, management and is solely based on the preliminary financial information used by management. Our preliminary management accounts for the three months ended March 31, 2016 have not been audited or reviewed by independent auditors. These results are preliminary and are subject to change. During the course of our management accounts completion and review process for the three months ended March 31, 2016, or our audit for the year ended December 31, 2016, we could identify items that would require us to make adjustments and which could affect our final results of operations. See ''Disclosure Regarding Forward-looking Statements.''
Any currency conversion made for the purpose of presenting the foregoing information as of March 31, 2016, uses the rates provided in ''Exchange Rate Information.''
On May 26, 2016, the Issuer released its report for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016, which contained unaudited consolidated financial information of the Group for the first quarter of 2016 and for the comparative period in 2015 (the ''Report''). The Report was published on the
12

website of (www.preem.se/en/in-english/investors/). The Report is incorporated by reference into this offering memorandum. Entry into Norway Market
During the second quarter of 2016, the Group plans to establish a bulk sales business in Norway, a country that the Group believes offers a favorable business environment with political stability and high consumer spending potential. The Group has entered into an agreement to rent an already operational depot in south-eastern Norway through which it intends to sell refined products to customers on a bulk basis. Recent changes in Norwegian tax regulation are expected to support positioning of the new Norwegian business within the renewable fuel sector. Sales are expected to begin during the second quarter of 2016. Our current five year strategic plan is to achieve a 10% market share of the relevant segments as well as annual fuel sales volumes of 27,000m3. Further Conversion of Shareholder's Loan to Equity
As of February 29, 2016 SEK 500 million was converted from a shareholder loan to a shareholders' contribution. Affiliate's Purchase of the Notes
An affiliate of the Issuer is expected to purchase an aggregate principal amount of up to 10 million of the Notes in the offering at the offering price. If such purchase is made, the affiliate will enter into a 90-day lock-up agreement containing customary exceptions, including transfers to beneficial owners who agree to the lock-up terms, subject to waiver by Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
Risk Factors You should carefully consider the information under the caption ''Risk Factors'' and all other information in this offering memorandum before investing in the Notes.
13

Organizational Structure The following chart sets forth our summary organizational structure and our financing arrangements on a pro forma basis for the consummation of the Transactions. See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements.''54213
(1) M o ro n c h a H o ld in g s is a h o ld in g co m p a n y. Its p rim a ry assets are 100% o f th e shares o f th e Issuer and ce rta in o th e r co m p a n ie s. It has no debt.
(2) The Issuer w ill be e n te rin g in to an a m e n d m e n t o f th e E xisting S h a re ho ld e r Notes and an a m e n d m e n t and resta te m ent o f th e E x istin g S h a re h o ld e r Loans in o rd e r to e xte nd th e m a tu rity o f th e E xistin g S h a re h o ld e r N otes and E xistin g S h a re h o ld e r Loans to be no e a rlie r th a n th e 181st d a y a fte r th e m a tu rity o f th e N otes as p a rt o f th e T ra n sa ctio ns. The U ltim a te S h a re h o ld e r is th e so le h o ld e r o f th e E xistin g S h a re h o ld e r N otes and th e so le le n d e r w ith respect to th e E xistin g S h a re h o ld e r Loans. T his p re se n ta tio n o f S u b o rd in a te d S h a re h o ld e r D ebt is as o f D e ce m b e r 31, 2015 on a pro fo rm a basis fo r th e co n su m m a tio n o f th e Transactions. The $721 m illio n (equivalent) a m o u n t has been translated w ith the SEK:$ and SEK: exchange rates as o f Decem ber 31, 2015, pro vid e d in ''E xchange Rate In fo rm a tio n .''
(3) A ll o u ts ta n d in g shares o f c a p ita l sto ck o f C orral P e tro le u m H o ld in g s w ill be p le d g ed in fa v o r o f th e h o ld e rs o f th e Notes offered hereby.
(4) A ll o u tsta n d in g Preem shares w ill be pledged fo r th e b e n efit o f th e lenders u n d er th e A& R C redit Facility. The chart above does not reflect Preem's subsidiaries and m in o rity holdings.
(5) The A& R C redit F acility w ill p ro vid e $1,542 m illio n re v o lv in g cre d it fa cilitie s (m u lti-cu rre n cy) and a p p ro x im a te ly $68 m illio n (e q u iv a le n t, tra n s la te d u sin g th e M arch 3 1 ,2 0 1 6 e xch a ng e rate o f $1 = SEK 8.1472) te rm loan fa c ilitie s fo r Preem (as o f the day th e A&R C redit F acility becom es effective) by m eans o f an am e n d m e nt and restatem ent o f the 2011 C redit F acility to becom e e ffe ctive on o r a ro u n d th e Issue Date o f th e Notes. See ''D e scrip tio n o f O ther F inancing A rrangem ents-- A&R Credit Facility.''
14

THE OFFERING
The following is a brief summary of certain terms of the offering of the Notes. It may not contain all the information that is important to you. For additional information regarding the Notes, see ''Description of Notes.''

Issuer ............................................. Notes Offered Euro N ote s..................................... Krona N o te s................................... Issue Date....................................... Issue Prices Euro N ote s..................................... Krona N o te s................................... Maturity Date Euro N ote s..................................... Krona N o te s................................... Interest Euro N ote s.....................................
Krona N o te s................................... Interest Payment Dates.................
Minimum Denomination...............
Ranking of the N o te s ...................

Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ)
570 million aggregate principal amount of 11.750% / 13.250% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2021 (the ''Euro Notes'').
SEK 500 million aggregate principal amount of 12.250% / 13.750% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2021 (the ''Krona Notes'' and, together with the Euro Notes, the ''Notes'').
On or about May 9, 2016 (the ''Issue Date'').
98.578% (plus accrued interest from the Issue Date).
99.043% (plus accrued interest from the Issue Date).
May 15, 2021.
May 15, 2021.
Cash Interest (as defined below) on the Euro Notes will accrue at a rate of 11.750% per annum. PIK Interest (as defined below) on the Euro Notes will accrue at a rate of 13.250% per annum.
Cash Interest on the Krona Notes will accrue at a rate of 12.250% per annum. PIK Interest on the Krona Notes will accrue at a rate of 13.750% per annum.
In respect of each series of Notes, interest will be paid semi-annually in arrears on each July 1 and January 1, commencing on January 1, 2017. The first and last interest payments on the Notes will be made in cash. For each other interest payment, the Issuer will be required to pay interest on the Notes entirely in cash, unless the conditions described in this offering memorandum are satisfied, in which case the Issuer will be entitled to pay, to the extent described herein, interest for such interest period by increasing the principal amount of the Notes or by issuing Notes in a principal amount equal to such interest or as a combination of the two. Interest will accrue from the Issue Date.
Each Euro Note will be issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1 in excess thereof. Each Krona Note will be issued in minimum denominations of SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of SEK 1 in excess thereof.
The Notes will be:
 general, senior secured obligations of the Issuer;

15

S e c u rity ......................................... Holding Company S tru ctu re .........
Additional A m o u n ts ......................

 will have the benefit of security in the form of a firstpriority pledge of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Issuer;
 will rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future indebtedness of the Issuer that is not subordinated to the Notes;
 will rank senior in right of payment to all existing and future liabilities of the Issuer that are subordinated to the Notes;
 will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities (including trade payables), disqualified stock, if any, and preferred stock, if any, of the Issuer's subsidiaries; and
 will be effectively subordinated to any existing and future indebtedness of the Issuer that is secured by property or assets that do not secure the Notes, to the extent of the value of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness.
As of the Issue Date, subject to certain perfection requirements, the Issuer's parent, Moroncha Holdings, will grant in favor of the holders of the Notes as represented by the Security Agent, a first-priority pledge of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Issuer. The shares and assets of Preem and certain of Preem's subsidiaries will secure the Credit Facilities, but will not secure the Notes.
The Issuer is a holding company. As a holding company, to meet its debt services and other obligations, the Issuer is dependent on distributions, dividends, permitted repayment of intercompany debt, if any, and other transfers of funds from its subsidiaries, including Preem, or equity contributions from its parent company, Moroncha Holdings or the Ultimate Shareholder. The ability of the subsidiaries of the Issuer to pay distributions or dividends, repay the debt owed to the Issuer, if any, or to otherwise transfer funds to the Issuer is considerably restricted by the terms of applicable corporate and other laws and regulations and by the terms of other agreements to which its subsidiaries are subject, including the terms of the Credit Facilities. See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--A&R Credit Facility.'' Neither Moroncha Holdings nor the Ultimate Shareholder are under an obligation to contribute more equity to the Issuer. See ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources.''
Any payments made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for taxes in any relevant taxing jurisdiction unless required by law. If the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct for such taxes with respect to a payment to the holders of Notes, the Issuer will pay the additional amounts necessary so that the net amount received by the holders of Notes after the withholding or deduction is not less than the amount that they would have received in the absence of the withholding or deduction, subject to certain exceptions. See ''Description of Notes--Withholding Taxes.''

16

Optional R edem ption...................
Optional Redemption for Tax Reasons.......................................
Change of Control ........................

Prior to May 15, 2019, the Issuer may redeem at its option all or a portion of each series of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the relevant series of the Notes plus the applicable ''make-whole'' premium described in this offering memorandum and accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the redemption date.
On or after May 15, 2019, the Issuer may redeem at its option all or a portion of each series of the Notes at the specified redemption prices set forth under the caption ''Description of Notes--Optional Redemption'' plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the redemption date.
Prior to May 15, 2019, the Issuer may redeem at its option on one or more occasions Notes of each series in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of such series with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to, in the case of the Euro Notes, 111.750% of the principal amount outstanding in respect of the Euro Notes redeemed, and in case of the Krona Notes, 112.250% of the principal amount outstanding in respect of the Krona Notes redeemed, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the redemption date, so long as at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant series of Notes remains outstanding immediately after each such redemption and each such redemption occurs within 90 days after the closing date of the relevant equity offering.
In the event of certain developments affecting taxation, the Issuer may redeem the Notes of a series in whole, but not in part, at any time, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption. See ''Description of Notes--Redemption for Taxation Reasons.''
Upon the occurrence of certain events defined as constituting a change of control, the Issuer may be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. See ''Description of Notes--Change of Control.''

17

Segregated A ccount......................
Mandatory Excess Cash Flow O ffe r...........................................

The Issuer will maintain a segregated account for the purpose of paying cash interest on the Notes. The segregated account will be funded on the Issue Date with the excess proceeds of the offering. In addition, any cash owned or received by the Issuer (whether following a dividend payment or distribution received by Preem, the redemption by Preem of any capital stock of Preem held by the Issuer, the payment of principal or interest on any intercompany loans held by the Issuer or otherwise, and other than cash received to pay administrative costs of the Issuer up to $500,000 per calendar year, or such greater amount as would be permitted under the A&R Credit Facility and any other applicable credit facility to be dividended, distributed or otherwise paid to the Issuer to allow it to pay administrative costs), will be credited to such segregated account up to a maximum amount equal to the amount required to cover two semi-annual cash interest payments on the then-outstanding Notes; provided, that any cash received from the Company in accordance with the A&R Credit Facility and any other applicable Credit Facility for purposes of making principal payments, purchases or redemptions of the Notes may be applied for such purposes. See ''Use of Proceeds'' and ''Description of Notes-- Segregated Account--Funding of the Segregated Account.'' The Issuer further commits that, during the 3-year period following the Issue Date, no cash credited to the segregated account will be disbursed from the segregated account for any reason, other than to the extent required under the Indenture to make cash interest payments on the Notes. After the 3-year period following the Issue Date, any cash credited to the segregated account may be disbursed for any reason not prohibited by the Indenture or the A&R Credit Facility.
There can be no assurance as to the amount of funds that Preem will be able to distribute, dividend or otherwise pay to the Issuer to be credited to the segregated account, if any, or the timing or availability thereof (which will be subject to satisfying a number of conditions pursuant to the A&R Credit Facility that is in place as of the Issue Date (or any amendment, restatement or refinancing thereof, provided that any such amendment, restatement or refinancing insofar as it relates to the ability of Preem to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay cash to the Issuer is no less favourable to the holders of Notes), including a requirement that Preem has had more than $100 million of minimum liquidity in cash, cash equivalents and/or certain drawings available under the A&R Credit Facility for a certain period before and at the time funds are dividended, distributed or paid to the Issuer). See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--A&R Credit Facility-- Restrictions on Upstreaming of Cash.''
Within 75 days after the end of each quarter ending March 31 and September 30, commencing with the quarter ending on March 31, 2017, each time the aggregate amount of Available Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the ''Description of Notes'') is equal to or greater than $50.0 million, the Issuer will be required to announce a tender offer to purchase a portion of the Notes at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount thereof

18

Certain Covenants ........................

plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the repurchase date pursuant to a Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer (as defined in the ''Description of Notes''). See ''Description of Notes--Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer.'' Any Available Excess Cash Flow remaining after paying for Notes tendered in such Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer may be applied for any purpose not prohibited by the Indenture or the A&R Credit Facility. Any Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer will be conditional on the continued ability of Preem to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay the funds necessary for the Issuer to fund the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer to the Issuer in compliance with the terms contained in the A&R Credit Facility that is in place as of the Issue Date or as such facility may be amended, restated or refinanced (provided the terms of any such amendment, restatement or refinancing relating to the ability of Preem to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay cash to the Issuer are not less favorable to the holders of the Notes). Many of the conditions to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay the funds necessary for the Issuer to fund the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer to the Issuer will be outside of the Issuer's control, and there can be no assurance as to the amounts of the Available Excess Cash Flow, if any, or the timing or availability of such Available Excess Cash Flow (which includes a requirement for Preem to have had more than $175 million of minimum liquidity in cash, cash equivalents and/or certain drawings available under the A&R Credit Facility for a certain period before and at the time funds are dividended, distributed or otherwise paid to the Issuer). See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--A&R Credit Facility--Restrictions on Upstreaming of Cash.''
The Indenture, among other things, will restrict the ability of the Issuer and its restricted subsidiaries:
 incur any public debt or incur, guarantee or layer additional indebtedness and issue certain preferred stock;
 make certain payments, including dividends or other distributions, with respect to the shares of the Issuer;
 prepay or redeem subordinated debt or equity;
 make certain investments;
 create or incur certain liens;
 create encumbrances or restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions, loans or advances to and on the transfer of assets to the Issuer or its restricted subsidiaries;
 sell, lease or transfer certain assets including stock of restricted subsidiaries;
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates;
 enter into unrelated businesses or engage in prohibited activities;
 consolidate or merge with other entities;

19

Use of Proceeds ............................
Transfer Restrictions......................
No Prior M a rk e t............................
Listing ...........................................
Governing Law for the Notes and the Indenture..............................
Governing Law for the Share Pledge.........................................
T r u s te e ........................................... Paying Agent and Transfer Agent . Registrar......................................... Listing A g e n t................................ Security A g e n t.............................. ISINs Euro N ote s..................................... Krona N o te s................................... Common Codes Euro N ote s..................................... Krona N o te s...................................

 impair the security interests for the benefit of the holders of the Notes; and/or
 amend certain documents.
The Indenture, among other things, will restrict the ability of Moroncha Holdings to create or incur certain liens and/or impair the security interests for the benefit of the holders of the Notes.
Each of these covenants is subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. See ''Description of Notes--Certain Covenants.''
The proceeds from the Notes, net of the Initial Purchasers' discounts and the expenses of the offering, are estimated to be equivalent to approximately $676 million. We will use the funds received to redeem all of the outstanding 2017 Notes, which had principal and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding as at March 31, 2016 equivalent to approximately $613 million. Any amounts remaining after application of the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes will be retained by the Issuer, in a segregated account for the purpose of making cash interest payments on the Notes. See ''Use of Proceeds.''
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale. See ''Notice to Investors.'' We have not agreed to, or otherwise undertaken to, register the Notes (including by way of an exchange offer).
The Notes will be new securities for which there is currently no established trading market. Although the Initial Purchasers have advised us that they intend to make a market in the Notes, they are not obligated to do so and they may discontinue market-making at any time without notice. Accordingly, there is no assurance that an active trading market will develop for the Notes.
The Notes are being admitted for trading on the Euro MTF market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
New York law.
Swedish law.
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
Banque International a Luxembourg SA
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Reg S: XS1400707771; Rule 144A: XS1400707698.
Reg S: XS1405134823; Rule 144A: XS1405134740.
Reg S: 140070777; Rule 144A: 140070769.
Reg S: 140513482; Rule 144A: 140513474.

20

SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
The tables below present the summary consolidated historical financial information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, which have been derived from the Issuer's audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto, prepared in accordance with IFRS and included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Certain pro forma data presented below as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2016, has been compiled from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change. During the course of our management account completion and review process for the three months ended March 31, 2016, or our audit for the year ended December 31,2016, we could identify items that would require us to make adjustments and which could affect our final results of operations. See ''Disclosure Regarding Forward-looking Statements.''
We have displayed euro and dollar information in the tables below by translating kronor into the relevant alternate currency as of dates specified in the footnotes to such tables. These translations are solely for your convenience and they do not purport to reflect what the Issuer's results would have been if euros or dollars were the Issuer's reporting currency.
You should read the data below together with the information included under the headings ''Risk Factors,'' ''Selected Consolidated Financial Data,'' ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,'' along with the Issuer's audited Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Consolidated Balance Sheet Information:

Cash and cash e q u iv a le n ts ..................... Total ta n g ib le fixe d assets, net .............. Total assets .................................................. Total fin a n cia l th ird p a rty d eb t 121(51. . . . Total financial current third party
d eb t (31(51.................................................... Total financial long-term third party
d eb t (41(51.................................................... S u b o rd in a te d S h a re h o ld e r D eb t (51 . . . . Total n o n -fin a n cia l d e b t............................. Total d eb t (61.................................................. S h a re h o ld e rs' e q u it y .................................

2011 SEK
355 8,958 30,445 12,133
439
11,694 5,504
11,221 28,858
1,587

2012 SEK
646 8,503 29,267 13,661
1,428
12,233 5,558 6,654
25,873 3,393

As of December 31,

2013

2014

2015

SEK

SEK

(in m illio n )

SEK

2,580 1,123

422

8,836 8,536 8,546

31,400 25,343 21,669

15,358 14,984 12,285

2015
 (')
46 936 2,372 1,345

2015
$ (1)
51 1,023 2,594 1,470

1,819 1,561 7,444 815 891

13,539 5,985 8,754
30,097 1,304

13,423 6,313 6,510
27,807 (2,4641

4,841 6,025 5,038 23,348 (1,6791

530 660 552 2,556 (1841

580 721 603 2,795 (2011

21

Consolidated Income Statement Information:

Net sales ..................................... . . Excise d u tie s ............................... . . Sales re v e n u e ............................. . . Cost o f g oo ds s o l d .................. . . Gross p r o fit/( lo s s ) ..................... . . S ellin g e x p e n s e s ........................ . . A dm inistrative expenses . . . . . . O ther o p e ra tin g in c o m e .......... . . Other operating expenses . . . . . O perating p r o fit/( lo s s ) ............. . . Interest in c o m e .......................... . . O ther fin a n cia l inco m e (7). . . . . . Interest e x p e n s e ........................ . . O ther fin a n cia l expense (8) . . . . . Profit/(Loss) before taxes . . . . . . Incom e taxes ............................. . . Net p ro fit/( lo s s ) .......................... . .

2011
SEK
101,747 (10,193) 91,554 (89,470)
2,084 (716) (497) 409 (306) 974 173 11
(1,498) (488) (828) 211 (617)

2012 SEK
114,947 (9,859)
105,089 (101,514)
3,575 (694) (559) 447
--
2,770 175 (9)
(1,366) 712
2,283 (411) 1,872

Year Ended Decem ber 31,

2013

2014

2015

SEK

SEK

(in m illio n )

89,399 94,170

SEK
75,826

(9,993) (9,733) (9,820)

79,405 84,438 66,006

(78,825) (85,214) (61,620)

581

(777) 4,386

(744)

(761)

(797)

(453)

(511)

(746)

409

350

351

--

--

--

(208) (1,699) 3,193

168

168

164

5

34

52

(1,366) (1,516) (1,574)

(1,098) (2,987) (1,855)

(2,499) (5,999)

(20)

336

1,207

(2,163) (4,792)

(250) (270)

2015  (')
8,301 (1,075) 7,226 (6,745)
480 (87) (82) 38 -- 350 18
6 (172) (203)
(2) (27) (30)

2015 $ (1)
9,078 (1,176) 7,903 (7,378)
525 (95) (89) 42 -- 382 20
6 (188) (222)
(2) (30) (32)

Other Financial Data:

EBITDA (9)....................................................... A d ju ste d EBITDA (10).................................. C apital e xp e n d itu re (11)............................. Cash flo w fro m operating activities . . . Adjusted cash flo w available fo r debt
service (12).................................................. Net th ird p a rty d ebt (13)............................. USD per barrel figures: Business m argin (14) .................................. G ross re fin in g m a rg in (15) ........................ Net cash business m a rg in (16) ................

Year Ended Decem ber 31,

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2015

SEK

SEK

SEK

SEK

SEK

 (1)

(in m illio n , e xce p t per barrel fig u re s w h ic h are in USD)

1,963 3,762

793

(639) 4,166 456

2015 $ (1)
499

1,124 4,158 1,010 2,109 5,428 594 650

948

575 1,391

818

968 106 116

(1,616) (221) 2,385 1,487 3,380 370 405

(2,561) (790)

990

673 2,425 265 290

11,778 13,015 12,778 13,861 11,690 1,280 1,400

2.89

5.94

3.42

4.12

6.62

3.52

6.63

3.82

4.60

6.94

--

--

1.70

4.90

2.06

2.93

5.58

--

--

22

Certain Pro Forma Data:
Pro forma total financial third party debt (17).................................... Pro forma net financial third party debt (18)....................................... Pro forma leverage ratio (19)..............................................................

As of and for the Year Ended
March 31, 2016

SEK

 1171

$ 1181

(in millions, except ratios)

10,456 9,821
2.0x

1,129 1,283 1,061 1,205 2.0x 2.0x

(1) U n a u d ited tra n sla tio n s to euros and d o lla rs p ro vid e d s o le ly fo r co n ve nien ce by tra n s la tin g k ro n o r into euro at th e rate of 1.00 = SEK 9.135 and kronor into dollars at the rate o f $1.00 = SEK 8.3524 (the respective exchange rates on Decem ber 31, 2015).
(2) Total fin a n cia l th ird p a rty debt consists o f to ta l fin a n cia l c u rre n t th ird p a rty debt and to ta l fin a n cia l lo n g -te rm th ird p a rty d e b t (w h ich , in each case, e xclu d e s S u b o rd in a te d S h a re h o ld e r D ebt). Total fin a n c ia l th ird p a rty d e b t is n o t an IFRS m easure.
(3) Total fin a n cia l c u rre n t th ird p a rty debt represents to ta l c u rre n t debt e xclu d in g S u b o rd in a te d S h a re ho ld e r Debt. Total cu rre n t debt represents debt th a t is due w ith in tw e lve m onths. For th e periods ended D ecem ber 31,2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, all o f th e Issuer's to ta l c u rre n t d e b t co n siste d o f d ra w in g s u n d e r th e 2011 C re dit Facility. In th e Issuer's c o n s o lid a te d fin a n c ia l sta te m e n ts, to ta l c u rre n t d e b t is rep re se n te d u n d e r c u rre n t lia b ilitie s as ''B o rro w in g .'' W h e re re le v a n t, to ta l fin a n c ia l c u rre n t th ird p a rty d e b t is net o f tra n s a c tio n expenses. Total fin a n c ia l c u rre n t th ird p a rty d e b t is n o t an IFRS m easure.
(4) Total fin a n cia l lo n g -te rm th ird p a rty d e b t represents to ta l lo n g -te rm debt e xclu d in g S u b o rd in a te d S h a re ho ld e r Debt. Total lo n g -te rm debt represents th e sum o f the fig u re s represented under n o n -cu rre n t lia b ilitie s as ''B o rro w in g '' in the Issuer's c o n s o lid a te d fin a n c ia l sta te m e n ts and is net o f tra n s a c tio n expenses. Total fin a n c ia l lo n g te rm th ird p a rty de b t is n o t an IFRS m easure.
(5) S u b o rd in a te d S h a re ho ld e r Debt, in th e Issuer's co n so lid a te d fin a n cia l state m e n ts, is represented by ''B o n d loans s h a re h o ld e r in EUR ,'' ''B o n d loans sh a re h o ld e r in U S D ,'' ''S h a re h o ld e r lo a n s s u b o rd in a te d in EUR '' and ''S h a re h o ld e r loans s u b o rd in a te d in U S D .''
(6) Total debt consists o f to ta l fin a n cia l th ird p a rty debt, S u b o rd in a te d S h a re h o ld e r Debt and to ta l n o n -fin a n cia l debt.
(7) O ther fin a n cia l in co m e includes exchange rate gains and m isce lla n eo u s fin a n cia l incom e.
(8) O ther fin a n cia l expense includes exchange rate losses and m isce lla n eo u s expenses.
(9) EBITDA, w h ich th e Issuer defines to m ean net p ro fit/(lo ss) before interest, taxes, d e p re cia tio n and a m o rtiza tio n and adjusted fo r o th er fin a n cia l expense and o th er fin a n cia l incom e, is not a m easure o f liq u id ity or p e rform ance ca lc u la te d in acco rd a n ce w ith IFRS and s h o u ld n o t be c o n sid e re d as a s u b s titu te fo r o p e ra tin g e a rn in g s, net p ro fit, cash flo w s fro m o p e ra tin g activitie s or o th e r statem ents o f o p e ra tio n s o r cash flo w data co m p u te d in accordance w ith IFRS. T he Issuer b e lie ve s th a t EBITDA p ro v id e s u seful in fo rm a tio n to in v e s to rs because it is a m ea su re o f cash flo w and an in d ica to r o f th e Issuer's a b ility to finance its operations, capital expenditures and other investm ents and its a b ility to incur and service debt. W hile depreciation and am ortization are considered operating costs, these expenses p rim a rily represent the non-cash current period allocation of costs associated w ith long-lived assets acquired or c o n s tru c te d in p rio r p e rio d s. F unds d e p icte d by th is m ea su re m a y n o t be a v a ila b le fo r m a n a g e m e n t's d is c re tio n a ry use or fo r service o f paym ent o f interest o r principal on the Issuer's outstan d in g indebtedness. Because all com panies do not calculate EBITDA identically, the presentation of EBITDA m ay not be com parable to s im ila rly entitled measures o f o th e r c o m p a n ie s. EBITDA is also ca lcu la te d d iffe re n tly fro m ''C o n s o lid a te d EBITDA'' fo r p u rp o se s o f v a rio u s covenants applicable to the Issuer under the Notes.
The table b e lo w presents a reconciliation o f net profit/(loss) to EBITDA:

Net profit/(loss) ...................................................... .................. A d d back:
In co m e t a x ............................................................ .................. P ro fit/(L o ss) b e fore t a x e s ................................. .................. A djustm ents for: D e p re cia tio n and a m o r tiz a tio n ........................ .................. O th e r fin a n c ia l e x p e n s e .................................... .................. Total in te re s t e x p e n s e ....................................... .................. In te re st in co m e ................................................... .................. O th e r fin a n c ia l in co m e .................................... .................. E B IT D A ................................................................... .................

2011 SEK
(617)

Year Ended December 31,

2012 2013 2014 2015

SEK

SEK

SEK

SEK

(in million)

1,872 (2,163) (4,792) (270)

2015  (1)
(30)

2015 $ (1)
(32)

(211) 411

(336) (1,207) 250

27

30

(828) 2,283 (2,499) (5,999)

(20)

(2)

(2)

989 488 1,498 (173) (11) 1,963

993 (712) 1,366 (175)
9 3,762

1,001 1,098 1,366
(168) (5)
793

1,060 2,987 1,516
(168) (34)
(639)

973 1,855 1,574
(164) (52)
4,166

107 203 172 (18)
(6) 456

116 222 188 (20)
(6) 499

23

The table b e lo w presents a reconciliation o f feedstock to EBITDA:

2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2015 2015

SEK SEK SEK SEK SEK la) $(a) (in m illio n , except feedstock and net cash business
m argin per barrel figures)

F eedstock (in m illio n s o f b a r r e ls ) .................................... .................. 111

121

97

112

120 -- --

N et cash b u siness m a rg in ($ /b a rre l)(16)........................... .................. 1.70 4.90 2.06 2.93 5.58 -- --

N et cash b u siness m a rg in (S E K /barrel)(16)(a).................. ..................

11

33

13

20

47 -- --

N e t cash b u sin e ss m a rg in (m illio n SEK)( b ) .................. .................. 1,229 4,034 1,294 2,243 5,633 617 674

S u p p ly & T ra d in g EBITDA(c)................................................ .................. (208)

48 (420) (212)

M a rk e tin g EBITDA(d)............................................................... .................. 502 521 463

487

(64) (7) (8) 519 57 62

C o rp o ra te EBITDA(e)............................................................... .................. (398) (444) (328)

N o n -re c u rrin g ite m s (f)............................................................ .................. (306)

--

--

(410) --

(660) (72) (79) ---- --

FX and price e ffe c ts (g)............................................................ .................. 1,146 (396) (216) (2,748) (1,262) (138) (151)

E B IT D A ....................................................................................... .................. 1,963 3,762 793 (639) 4,166 456 499

In part, th e values show n above are internal calculations based on variables th a t are su b je ctive ly determ ined and w h ich m ay not be com p a ra b le in approach to s im ila r ca lcu la tio n s o f o th er com panies. The values show n above are subject to rounding and certain values w ill have been calculated using figures w hich are rounded to a lesser degree than the values show n above. A ccordingly, calculations m ade using the values show n above m ay not replicate precise results.

(a) T ra n sla tio n s to e u ro s and d o lla rs p ro v id e d s o le ly fo r c o n ve n ie n ce b y tra n s la tin g k ro n o r in to e u ro at th e rate o f 1.00 = SEK 9.135 and kronor into d ollars at the rate o f $1.00 = SEK 8.3524 (the respective exchange rates on Decem ber 31, 2015).

(b) Net cash business m argin (m illio n SEK) consists o f our feedstock m u ltip lie d by o u r net cash business m argin (SEK/ barrel).

(c) S u p p ly & T rading EBITDA is n o t an IFRS m ea su re and co n sists o f th e EBITDA o f o u r S u p p ly and R e fin in g segm ent, and th e trade o f crude oil and refined products both to o u r M arketing & Sales segm ent as w e ll as to th ird parties and also includes costs fo r ou r depot storage netw ork.

(d) M a rk e tin g EBITDA is n o t an IFRS m ea su re and c o n sists o f th e EBITDA o f o u r M a rk e tin g & Sales s e g m e n t w h ic h in c lu d e s th e o p e ra tin g p ro fit and th e d e p re c ia tio n o f o u r M a rk e tin g & Sales se g m e n t, as d e scrib e d in N o te 4 to our C onsolidated Financial Statem ents.

(e) C o rp o ra te EBITDA is n o t an IFRS m ea su re and c o n sists o f c o rp o ra te s ta ff and o ve rh e a d costs, e x c lu d in g d e p re c ia tio n s .

(f) In 2011, o th e r o p e ra tin g expenes a m o u n te d to SEK 306 m illio n , w h ic h relate d to th e d isp o sa l o f a p ro je c t p re v io u s ly reco rd e d as c o n s tru c tio n in p ro g re ss in th e balance sheet.

(g) FX and price effects consists o f price and curre n cy effects on in ve n to ry and currency effects on accounts rece iva b le s and a cco u nts p ayables. It is an a g g re g a te o f o u r s u b je c tiv e d e te rm in a tio n s and in te rn a l ca lc u la tio n s and m ay not be com parable to s im ila rly title d item s of other com panies.

(10) A d ju s te d EBITDA is d e fin e d as EBITDA fu rth e r a d ju ste d to e xclu d e in v e n to ry g a in s, losses and fo re ig n c u rre n c y g a in s and losses, and ce rta in n o n -re c u rrin g ite m s. A d ju s te d EBITDA is n o t an IFRS m easure. The Issuer b e lie ve s th a t th e in c lu s io n o f su p p le m e n ta l a d ju s tm e n ts to EBITDA a p p lie d in p re se n tin g A d ju s te d EBITDA are a p p ro p ria te to p ro v id e additional inform ation to investors about certain m aterial norm alizing item s and create a useful indicator o f the Issuer's a b ility to finance its operations, capital expenditures and other investm ents and its a b ility to incur and service debt. Funds depicted by th is m easure m ay not be available fo r m anagem ent's discretionary use or fo r service of paym ent o f interest or principal on the Issuer's outstan d in g indebtedness. Because all com panies do not calculate Adjusted EBITDA identically, the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA m ay not be com parable to sim ila rly title d measures of other com panies.

The table b e lo w presents a reconciliation o f EBITDA to A djusted EBITDA.

2011 SEK

Year Ended December 31,
2012 2013 2014 2015 2015 2015
SEK SEK SEK SEK  (1) $ (1) (in million)

E B IT D A ........................................................................... ........................... 1,963 3,762 793 (639) 4,166 456 499

A d d back:

In v e n to ry ( g a in s ) /lo s s e s ............................................. ........................... (878)

85

(34) 3,279 1,266 139 152

Foreign c u rre n c y ( g a in s ) /lo s s e s .............................. ........................... (267) 311 250 (531)

(4) 0

0

N o n -re c u rrin g ite m s (a)................................................ ........................... 306

--

--

--

---- --

Adjusted E B ITD A ........................................................... ......................... 1,124 4,158 1,010 2,109 5,428 594 650

(a) In 2011, o th e r o p e ra tin g e xpenses a m o u n te d to SEK 306 m illio n , w h ic h relate d to th e e n tire d isp o sa l o f p ro je c t co sts p re v io u s ly reco rd e d as c o n s tru c tio n in p ro g re ss in th e balance sheet.1
(11) Capital Expenditure consists o f capital expenditures of in tangible assets and capital expenditures of property, plant and equipm ent.

24

(12) W e p re se n t a d ju ste d cash flo w a va ila b le fo r d e b t se rvice (n o t an IFRS m easure) as a m easure o f n o rm a lize d fre e cash flo w w hich can be used to service debt. We calculate adjusted cash flo w available fo r debt service as cash flo w from operating activities adjusted fo r the effects o f extraordinary net incom e/(loss). The table below presents our calculations of adjusted cash flo w available fo r debt service:

Year Ended December 31,

2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2015 2015

E B IT D A ............................................................................................................. . N et fin a n c ia l ite m s and a d ju s tm e n ts fo r non-cash ite m s (a) . . . . Taxes p a id ...................................................................................................... . Cash flo w used in /fro m o p e ra tin g a c tiv itie s b e fore ch a n ge s in
ce rta in c u rre n t assets and lia b ilitie s ................................................ . A djustm ents for:
Decrease(+)/Increase( - ) in in v e n to r ie s .......................................... . Decrease(+)/Increase( - ) in o p e ra tin g re c e iv a b le s ..................... . Decrease( - )/Increase(+) in o p e ra tin g l i a b i l i t i e s ........................ . Cash f lo w fro m /(u s e d in) o p e ra tin g a c t i v i t i e s .............................. . Capital investm ents operation Cash flo w used in in v e s tin g a c t iv it ie s ................................................ . A d ju s te d cash f lo w a v a ila b le fo r d e b t s e r v i c e .............................. .

SEK
1,963 (255) (199)

SEK
3,762 (50)
(273)

SEK SEK SEK (in m illio n )
793 (639) 4,166 (684) 457 (2,190)
12 (222) (49)

1,509 3,439 121 (404) 1,928

(2,955) 826

(306)

58

136 (4,544)

(1,616) (221)

(787) 2,672 2,140 431 717 455 2,620 (1,498) (1,143) 2,385 1,487 3,380

(945) (569) (1,395) (814) (955) (2,561) (790) 990 673 2,425

 111
456 (240)
(5)
211
234 50
(125) 370
(105) 265

$ (1>
499 (262)
(6)
231
256 54
(137) 405
(114) 290

(a) N et fin a n c ia l ite m s and a d ju s tm e n ts fo r non-cash ite m s a b o ve is an a g g re g a te o f th e N et fin a n c ia l ite m s lin e ite m and th e A d ju s tm e n ts fo r ite m s n o t in clu d e d in cash flo w lin e ite m in o u r fin a n c ia l sta te m e n ts. N et fin a n c ia l ite m s is c o m p ris e d o f fin a n c ia l in co m e , fin a n c ia l expenses and net e xch a ng e d iffe re n ce s in p ro fit/(lo s s ), as sh o w n b e lo w , and as m o re fu lly d e scrib e d in N otes 14 and 16 to o u r C o n so lid a te d F inancial S ta te m e n ts in clu d e d e ls e w h e re in th is o ffe rin g m e m o ra n d u m :

Interest incom e fro m instrum ents m easured at accrued cost . . N et e xch a ng e d iffe re n c e s ........................................................................... O th e r ...................................................................................................................

2011
SEK 173 11 --

Year Ended December 31,

2012 2013 2014

SEK 175 (9) 0

SEK 168 6 (1)

SEK 168 26 8

2015
SEK 164 52 0

2015 (d
18 6 0

2015 $ (1)
20 6 0

F ina n cia l in c o m e ..........................................................................................

184 167 173 203 216 24 26

N et loss

-- In s tru m e n ts m ea su re d at fa ir v a lu e ...................................................

--

--

--

--

---- --

-- Financial assets m ea su re d at accrued c o s t ....................................

--

--

--

--

---- --

T otal n e t lo s s ....................................................................................................

--

--

--

--

---- --

Interest expenses from defined benefit unfunded pension o b lig a t io n ......................................................................................................
In te re st e xpenses fro m in s tru m e n ts m ea su re d at accrued c o s t(x) In te re st e xpenses fro m in s tru m e n ts at fa ir v a lu e ........................... N et e xch a ng e c h a n g e ................................................................................. O th e r ...................................................................................................................

(5)

(5)

(4)

(8)

(5) (1)

(1,493) (1,361) (1,362) (1,508) (1,569) (172)

--

--

--

--

----

(443) 795

(77) (2,371) (649) (71)

(46) (82) (1,021) (616) (1,206) (132)

(1) (188)
--
(78) (144)

F ina n cia l e x p e n s e s ....................................................................................... (1,986) (653) (2,464) (4,503) (3,429) (375) (411)

N e t fin a n c ia l i t e m s ....................................................................................... (1,802) (486) (2,291) (4,300) (3,213) (352) (385)

(x) In te re st rate expenses fro m accrued loan expenses a m o u n te d to SEK 177 m illio n fo r each o f th e ye a rs ended Decem ber 31, 2012 to Decem ber 31, 2015, and to SEK 328 m illion fo r the year ended Decem ber 31, 2011.
A d ju stm e n ts fo r non-cash item s is co m p rise d o f th e item s show n below :

Year Ended Decem ber 31,

W rite -d o w n /R e v e rs a l o f in v e n to ry v a l u e ........................... U n rea lized exch a ng e d iffe re n c e s .......................................... O th e r non-cash i t e m s ............................................................... T otal no n -ca sh i t e m s ...............................................................

2011 SEK

........................

35

........................ 310

........................ 1,202

........................ 1,547

2012 SEK
242 (612) 807 437

2013 2014 2015 2015 SEK SEK SEK  (1)
(in m illio n ) (251) 1,143 (731) (80) 133 2,137 (482) (53) 1,725 1,477 2,236 245 1,607 4,757 1,023 112

2015 $ (1)
(88) (58) 268 122

25

The table below details our net financial item s fo r the relevant years:

Year Ended December 31, 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2015 2015 SEK SEK SEK SEK SEK T 71" $ 111
(in m illio n ) N et fin a n c ia l i t e m s .......................................................................................... (1,802) (487) (2,291) (4,300) (3,213) (352) (385) N et fin a n c ia l ite m s and a d ju s tm e n ts fo r non-cash i t e m s ............... (255) (50) (684) 457 (2,190) (240) (262)
(13) Net th ird p a rty debt m eans to ta l fin a n cia l th ird p a rty debt less cash and cash e quivalents. The ta b le b e lo w presents a re c o n c ilia tio n o f net d e b t to net th ird p a rty deb t. N et d e b t and net th ird p a rty d e b t as p re se n te d are n o t IFRS m easures.

N et d e b t ..................................................................... .................. S u b o rd in a te d S h a re h o ld e r D ebt ..................... .................. N et th ird p a rty d e b t ............................................. ..................

2011
SEK 17,282
5,504 11,778

2012
SEK 18,573
5,558 13,015

As of Decem ber 31,

2013 2014 2015

SEK 18,763
5,985 12,778

SEK 20,174
6,313 13,861

SEK 17,715
6,025 11,690

2015
 (') 1,939
660 1,280

2015 $ (1) 2,121
721 1,400

(14) Business m arg in m eans th e d ifference betw een the cost o f crude oil valued at the actual crude purchase price, plus v a ria b le re fin in g co sts in a g ive n m o n th , and th e ave ra g e m arke t p rices fo r re fin e d p ro d u cts. T he d iffe re n c e b etw een re fin in g m argin and business m argin is ''tim in g e ffe cts.'' The tim in g in ve n to ry effect occurs due to th e face th a t w e m ay not price crude oil evenly th ro u g h o u t a m onth, w h ile the refining m argin corresponds to average m arket prices.

(15) Gross re fin in g m argin m eans the d ifference betw een th e sales revenue received fro m th e sale o f refined p roducts p ro d u ce d by a re fin e ry and th e co st o f cru d e o il and (w h ere re le va n t) o th e r in te rm e d ia te fe e dsto cks processed b y it. W h ile c ru d e o il co sts in g e neral are a fu n c tio n o f s u p p ly and d e m a n d , th e re are m a n y grades o f c ru d e o il and th e ir relative prices vary. Like crude o il, d iffe re n t refined p roducts v a ry in price. A refin e ry's gross re fin in g m arg in is a m easure o f both th e sophistication o f the plant's design and its crude oil purchasing strategy (its a b ility to produce the m ost va lu a b le refined p ro d u ct m ix fro m the least co stly crude oil). Thus, a re fin e ry w ith a cracking facility, such as Preem raff Lysekil, th a t can produce a higher percentage of the lighter, higher-value fractions, w ill generally have a h ig h e r gross re fin in g m argin th a t a less c o m p le x fa cility, such as P reem raff G othenburg.

(16) Net cash business m argin m eans the business m argin less the refinery's fixe d expenses plus ''sales o th er,'' such as storage tickets and harbor fees, exclu d in g depreciation and other non-cash costs. Fixed expenses consist of, am ong others, personnel, m aintenance, insurance and p ro p e rty costs. Net cash business m argin indicates the cash-generating capability of the refinery. O ur net cash business m argin differs from the ''n e t cash m arg in '' used by W ood M ackenzie in co m p a riso n s o f refineries across th e in d u stry generally. O ur net cash business m arg in represents a m easurem ent used by o u r m anagem ent fo r internal purposes and includes adjustm ents fo r sales o f storage depot capacity, sales o f storage tickets, sales o f h a rbour fees as w e ll as tim in g and in ve n to ry effects, each o f w hich a d ju s tm e n ts is n o t in clu d e d in th e te rm ''n e t cash m a rg in '' used b y W o o d M ackenzie o r b y o th e r co m p a n ie s. For fu rth e r detail on W ood M ackenzie's calculation o f net cash m argin see ''In d u stry-- C om petitive S tru ctu re .''

(17) Pro fo rm a to ta l fin a n cia l th ird party de b t represents th e actual a m o u n t o f the Issuer's to ta l debt, on a pro fo rm a basis fo r the consum m ation o f the Transactions (but excluding S ubordinated Shareholder Debt and excluding any letters of credit th a t the G roup has outstanding) as of M arch 31, 2016. The figures w hich fo rm the basis of these pro form a calculations are derived fro m our p re lim in a ry m anagem ent accounts th a t have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and w hich are, therefore, subject to change. This presentation o f pro form a total financial th ird p a rty d e b t is n o t an IFRS m ea su re , is in te n d e d fo r illu s tra tiv e p u rp o se s o n ly and does n o t p u rp o rt to p ro je c t th e Issuer's to ta l financial th ird party debt fo r any fu tu re period or its financial co n d itio n at any fu tu re date. Translations of pro form a total financial th ird party debt, and pro form a net financial th ird party debt, are provided solely for convenience using exchange rates as o f M arch 31, 2016, see ''E xchange Rate In fo rm a tio n .''

(18) Pro fo rm a net fin a n c ia l th ird p a rty d e b t is d e rive d b y s u b tra c tin g p ro fo rm a cash and cash e q u iv a le n ts (in c lu d in g a m o u n ts exp e cte d to be held on th e se g re g a te d acco u nt) fro m pro fo rm a to ta l fin a n c ia l th ird p a rty d e b t (w h ic h , in each case, excludes S ubordinated Shareholder Debt and excluding any letters o f credit th a t the G roup has outstanding) as of M arch 31, 2016. Pro form a cash and cash equivalents (including am ounts expected to be held on the segregated account) as o f M arch 31,2016 am ounted to SEK 635 m illio n . The fig u re s w h ich fo rm the basis o f these pro form a calculations are derived from our pre lim in a ry m anagem ent accounts th a t have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and w hich are, therefore, subject to change. Pro form a cash and cash equivalents (in clu ding am ounts expected to be held on the segregated account) represents th e actual a m o u n t o f the Issuer's cash and cash equivalents, on a pro form a basis fo r the co nsum m ation of the Transactions. This presentation o f pro form a net fin a n c ia l th ird p a rty d e b t is n o t an IFRS m ea su re , is fo r illu s tra tiv e p u rp o se s o n ly and does n o t p u rp o rt to p ro je c t the Issuer's net th ird party debt fo r any fu tu re period or the Issuer's financial co n d itio n at any fu tu re date. Translations of pro form a total financial th ird party debt, and pro form a net financial th ird party debt, are provided so lely for c o n v e n ie n ce u sin g e xch a ng e rates as o f M arch 31, 2016, see ''E xch a n g e Rate In fo rm a tio n .''9*1

(19) Pro fo rm a le verage ra tio is th e ratio o f th e Issuer's pro fo rm a net fin a n c ia l th ird p a rty d e b t to A d ju s te d EBITDA. T his p re s e n ta tio n o f p ro fo rm a le ve ra g e ra tio is n o t an IFRS m ea su re , is fo r illu s tra tiv e p u rp o se s o n ly and does n o t p u rp o rt to project the Issuer's net th ird party debt fo r any fu tu re period or its financial co n d itio n at any fu tu re date. A djusted EBITDA fo r the tw e lve m onths ended M arch 31,2016 w as SEK 5,033 m illio n . The figures w hich fo rm the basis of these pro form a calculations are derived from our pre lim in a ry m anagem ent accounts th a t have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and w hich are, therefore, subject to change.

26

RISK FACTORS
In addition to the other information contained in this offering memorandum, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before purchasing the Notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are not aware or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation, cash flows or prices of our securities. If any of the possible events described below occur, our business, financial condition or results of operation could be materially and adversely affected. If that happens, we may not be able to pay interest or principal on the Notes when due and you could lose all or part of your investment. The selected order in which the following risks are presented does not have any significance in regard to the likelihood of their realization or the severity of their economic impact on us.
This offering memorandum contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences are discussed below and elsewhere in this offering memorandum. See ''Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements."
Risks Related to our Business
Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and, if we do not have enough cash to satisfy our obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt.
Our ability to meet our expenses and service our debt, including the payment of interest on the Notes, and the repayment of principal on the Notes when due, depends on our future performance. Our ability to repay principal on the Notes when due may also depend on equity contributions from Moroncha Holdings or the Ultimate Shareholder, which might not be available. We are affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which we are not able to control. In addition, tax and other considerations may effectively limit or restrict our future ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make interest and principal payments on our debt, including the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs.
If we do not generate sufficient cash flows from operations to service our debt or if we otherwise do not have enough money to repay the Notes when due, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, including the Notes, forego opportunities and delay capital expenditures, or sell assets or borrow more money. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not be sufficient to enable us to meet our scheduled debt obligations. In the absence of such cash flows and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be required to sell material assets to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those asset sales to raise capital or sell assets at prices and on terms that we believe are fair, and any proceeds that we receive may not be adequate to meet any debt obligations then due. If we cannot meet our debt obligations, the holders of our debt may accelerate our debt and, to the extent such debt is secured, foreclose on our assets securing such debt. In such an event, we may not have sufficient assets to repay all of our debt.
In addition, any failure to make payments of interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. For a discussion of our cash flows and liquidity, see ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources.''
Prices for crude oil and refined products are subject to rapid and substantial volatility which may adversely affect our margins and our ability to obtain necessary crude oil supply.
Our results of operations from refining are influenced by the relationship between market prices for crude oil and refined products. We are dependent on third parties for continued access to crude oil and other raw materials and supplies.
27

We will not generate operating profit or positive cash flow from our refining operations unless we are able to buy crude oil and sell refined products at margins sufficient to cover the fixed and variable costs of our refineries. In recent years, both crude oil and refined product prices have fluctuated substantially, including dramatic price decreases for such products in 2014. Based on data from Platts, the price of Dated Brent Crude decreased from $113.42 per barrel at the beginning of 2013 to $110.28 per barrel at the end of 2013. In 2014, the price of Dated Brent Crude decreased to $54.98 per barrel as of December 31, 2014, a decrease of more than 50% from its high in June 2014 of approximately $115 per barrel. As of December 31, 2015, Dated Brent Crude had further decreased to $35.74 per barrel. This price volatility was largely attributable to the combination of weakening economies, increasing efficiency measures, increases in U.S. and Canadian crude oil production and the decision by OPEC to maintain production levels despite slowing demand. The decrease in the price of Dated Brent Crude from $54.98 per barrel as of December 31, 2014 to $35.74 per barrel as of December 31, 2015 was largely due to a continuation of strong crude oil supply conditions and continued slowness of the European economic recovery. As a result of the fluctuations in the price for our crude oil feedstock, our inventory of crude oil and refined products has been exposed to large fluctuations in price. We expect continued price volatility. These fluctuations have had and will continue to have an impact on our results, our compliance with the financial covenants of our Credit Facilities and our ability to borrow more money under our Credit Facilities. See ''Description of other Financing Arrangements--A&R Credit Facility.''
Prices of crude oil and refined products depend on numerous factors, including global and regional demand for, and supply of, crude oil and refined products, and regulatory, legislative and emergency actions of national, regional and local agencies and governments. Decreases in the supply of crude oil or the demand for refined products may adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources.
Supply and demand of crude oil and refined products depend on a variety of factors. These factors include:
 changes in global economic conditions, including recessions, economic downturns and exchange rate fluctuations;
 global demand for oil and refined oil products, such as diesel;
 political, geographic and economic stability in major oil-producing countries and regions in which we obtain our crude oil supplies, such as the North Sea, Russia and West Africa;
 the ability and willingness of OPEC to regulate and influence crude oil production levels and prices;
 the cost of exploring for, developing, producing, processing and marketing crude oil, gas, refined products and petrochemical products;
 the availability and worldwide inventory levels of crude oil and refined products;
 increased trading by financial institutions in the commodity markets;
 the availability, price and suitability of competitive fuels;
 evolution of worldwide capacity and, in particular, refining capacity that relates to the petroleum products we refine;
 the extent of government regulation, in particular, as it relates to environmental policy and taxes;
 changes in the mandatory product specifications of the EU Fuel Quality Directive;
 market imperfections caused by regional price differentials;
 local market conditions and the level of operations of other refineries in our markets;
 the cost and availability of transportation for feedstocks and for refined petroleum products and the ability of suppliers, transporters and purchasers to perform on a timely basis or at all under their agreements (including risks associated with physical delivery);
 seasonal demand fluctuations;
28

 expected and actual weather conditions, natural disasters, accidents, interruptions to transportation or other events that can cause unscheduled shutdowns or otherwise adversely affect our refineries; and
 changes in technology.
We estimate that a change of $1.00 per barrel in our refining margins would result in a corresponding change in our EBITDA of approximately SEK 950 million. During periods of rising crude oil prices, the cost of replenishing our crude oil inventories increases and, thus, our working capital requirements similarly increase. Generally, an increase or decrease in the price of crude oil results in a corresponding increase or decrease in the price of refined products, although the timing and magnitude of these increases and decreases may not correspond. During periods of excess inventories of refined products, crude oil prices can increase significantly without corresponding increases in refined products prices and, in such a case, refining margins will be adversely affected. Differentials in the timing and magnitude of movements in crude oil and refined product prices could have a significant short-term impact on our refining margins and our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, the volatility in fuel costs, principally natural gas, and other utility services, principally electricity, used by our refineries affects operating costs. Both refineries have the possibility to choose the most cost effective crude oil feedstock available at any given time based on market situation. However, in terms of electricity, the flexibility is limited. Fuel and utility prices have been, and will continue to be, affected by factors outside our control, such as supply and demand for fuel and utility services in both local and regional markets. Future increases in fuel and utility prices may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We depend upon a limited number of suppliers and may rely on trade credit from our suppliers to provide a portion of our working capital.
Historically, our cash and short term trade credits have been sufficient to finance our purchases of crude oil and hence have been a source of liquidity for us. We depend upon a limited number of suppliers and we may continue to rely on trade credit from our suppliers to provide a portion of our working capital.
As of December 31, 2015, we benefitted from trade credit from suppliers for the purchase of crude oil for an aggregate amount of $500 million (or equivalent). The trade credit lines have been uncommitted and, therefore, there can be no assurance that we can continue to benefit from such credit lines. If our suppliers fail to provide us with sufficient trade credit in a timely manner, we may have to use cash on hand or other sources of financing which may not be readily available or, if available, may not be on terms acceptable or favorable to us. Any increased costs or delay in sourcing of feedstock or trade credit or at all could cause disruption to our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or result of operations.
Increases in global refining and conversion capacity could increase the competition we face and harm our business.
Positive trends in the market for petroleum products in recent years have encouraged companies to increase their refining and conversion capacity. Although the implementation of any such capacity increases requires some time, further increases in global refining and conversion capacity that are not matched by increased demand can be expected to result in heightened competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Our business is very competitive and increased competition could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
We operate in a highly competitive industry and actions of our competitors could reduce our market share or profitability. Competition is based on the ability to obtain and process crude oil and other feedstocks at the lowest cost, refinery efficiency, refinery product mix and product distribution. We are not engaged in the petroleum exploration and production business and therefore do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks. Competitors that have their own
29

production are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from production operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages. In order to remain competitive, we must continue to upgrade our facilities, and we must monitor shifts in product demand. Our Supply and Refining segment competes principally with, among others, St1 Refinery AB and Statoil ASA, as well as with Neste Oil Corporation, who also have facilities to process larger volumes of lower-priced, high-sulfur heavy Russian crude. Our Marketing and Sales segment, which includes the retail division through which we sell gasoline and other refined products to retail customers, competes primarily with Statoil Fuel & Retail Sverige AB, OK-Q8 AB, and St1 Sverige AB. In addition, we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial and individual consumers. Inability to compete effectively with these competitors or increased competition in the oil refining industry could result in a decrease in our market share or negatively impact our refining margins, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Slow economic recovery and high market volatility have had and may continue to have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future growth prospects.
During 2014, the continuing economic crisis in Europe and the widespread concern regarding long-term structural deficits in numerous European countries have spurred assistance and control mechanisms by the European Union, most recently in the form of a quantitative easing policy adopted by the European Central Bank in January 2015. Despite these measures, economic recovery in Europe has been slow with reduced energy consumption, including reduced demand for, and consumption of, our refined products. The recovery in Europe has not resulted in a corresponding increase in demand for refined products as a result of the low oil intensity of the recovery and improving fuel efficiency standards driven by increasingly stringent environmental regulations.
In addition, recent political instability and civil unrest in Ukraine could further impact European economic recovery. During 2014, both the United States and the European Union imposed sanctions on specific Russian and Ukrainian individuals and institutions deemed responsible for undermining the Ukrainian government and its sovereignty, as well as for Russia's annexation of the Crimea region. The United States and the European Union also imposed sanctions against the region of Crimea, and left open the possibility that more extensive sanctions (for example, against core sectors of the Russian economy) could be imposed. The imposed sanctions from the United States and the EU as well as the countermeasures from Russia have had, and will continue to have, a negative effect on the economic development in large parts of Europe and Russia.
These events, amongst others, have dampened the pace of economic recovery. This has caused, and could continue to cause, our revenues and margins to decline and could negatively affect our refining margins and our business, financial condition and results of operations. Should the global economy relapse into recession or should a new global and long-lasting economic recession occur, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We are faced with operational hazards as well as potential interruptions that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Our operations are subject to all of the risks normally associated with oil refining, storage, transportation and distribution, including fire, mechanical failure and equipment shutdowns, transport accidents and other unforeseen events. In any of these situations, undamaged refinery processing units may be dependent on, or interact with, damaged sections of our refineries and, accordingly, are also subject to being shut down. In addition, damage to the pipelines or port facilities for transporting products to and from each of our refineries' processing facilities could cause an interruption in production at those facilities. Any of these risks could result in damage to or loss of property, suspension of operations, injury or death to personnel or third parties, or damage or harm to the environment. We depend on the cash flows from production from Preemraff Lysekil and Preemraff Gothenburg. Therefore, a prolonged interruption in production at
30

either refinery would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
As partial protection against these hazards, we maintain property, casualty, and business interruption insurance in accordance with industry standards. Although there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance carried by us is sufficient to protect us fully in all events, all such insurance is carried at levels of coverage and deductibles that we consider financially prudent. However, our business interruption insurance does not cover losses for the first 45 days of interruption and may not cover blockades, interruption due to political circumstances in foreign countries, hostilities or labor strikes. Any major loss for which we are underinsured or uninsured could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See ''Business--Insurance.''
In the future, we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of factors affecting the insurance market, insurance premiums with respect to renewed insurance policies may increase significantly compared to what we are currently paying. In addition, some forms of insurance may become unavailable in the future, or unavailable on the terms we believe are economically acceptable, the level of coverage provided by renewed policies may decrease, while deductibles and/or waiting periods may increase, compared to our existing insurance policies.
We are subject to governmental laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations on climate change, occupational health and safety laws, competition laws and energy laws in Sweden and elsewhere, which may impact our business and results of operations.
Changes in legislation or regulations and actions by Swedish and other regulators, including changes in tax laws or administration and enforcement policies, may from time to time require operational improvements or modifications at, or possibly the closure of, various facilities or the payment of additional expenses, fines or penalties. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of legislation or regulatory requirements that could be adopted in the future or how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted in the future. Consequently, we may need to make additional and potentially significant expenditures in the future to comply with new or amended environmental and energy laws and regulations. We may not have sufficient funds to make such expenditures. Regulatory liabilities and expenses may therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including, without limitation, in the regulatory categories discussed below.
Carbon credits/emissions regulations. We are subject to various supranational, national, regional and local environmental laws and regulations relating to emissions standards for, and the safe storage and transportation of, our products. We are also subject to strict EU and Swedish environmental regulations concerning refined products. Sweden has among the strictest environmental specifications in the EU. The EU regulations restrict the sulfur content of both gasoline and diesel and the aromatic content of gasoline and impose a CO2 emissions trading program. Manufacture of refined petroleum products has been included in the European Union list of sectors that are at risk of ''carbon leakage.'' The issue of carbon leakage relates to the risk that companies in sectors subject to strong international competition might relocate from the European Union to third countries with less stringent constraints on greenhouse gas emissions. Without that definition there would not have been the possibility for free emission credits during the post-Kyoto period (2013-2020). On April 27, 2011, the European Commission adopted a decision on how allowances of free emission credits that industrial installations will receive should be allocated from 2013, which resulted in allowances being allocated to us. This decision, however, may be reversed in the next five years resulting in the loss of some free emission credits, which will require us to purchase credits instead. If we were not allocated any more free emission credits, we estimate the purchase of such carbon credits would amount to approximately 16,800,000 based on the approximate market price of carbon credits in December 2015. However, this cost could increase significantly depending on how regulation evolved, and any large increases in such costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, legislators, regulators and non-governmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors, are increasing their efforts on global climate change action. Further
31

regulation could be forthcoming at the EU level and globally, particularly given the agreement reached at the Paris climate change conference in December 2015 to cut down on global greenhouse gas pollution. Measures to ensure that global temperatures do not rise more than 2캜 from pre-industrial times (a goal governments have already agreed to meet) could lead to increased regulatory costs in utilizing resources such as oil, gas and coal reserves. This and similar legislative action and regulatory initiatives in the future could result in increased capital and operating costs, changes to operating permits, additional remedial actions, material changes in operations, and the increased costs of our goods. As companies in different business sectors seek their own alternatives to comply with the same stringent targets to cut down on emissions we could end up facing a decreased demand for our products that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time.
REACH. We are also subject to laws and regulations relating to, among other things, the production, discharge, storage, treatment, handling, disposal and remediation of crude oil and refined petroleum products and certain materials, substances and wastes used in our operations and other decontamination and remedial costs. For example, the system in the European Union for registration, evaluation and authorization of chemicals (''REACH'') is among the most significant environmental matters affecting our operations. REACH required companies, including us, to register and perform risk assessments in relation to certain regulated substances. All of the substances we manufacture and sell into the European market were registered in 2010 pursuant to REACH. However, some of the substances we use or manufacture may become subject to authorization or additional restrictions for use under REACH, thereby making it more difficult or expensive to obtain and use them, in the case of substances we use, or to sell them, in the case of substances we manufacture. Our failure to comply with any of these requirements, which in some cases would constitute a criminal offense, would subject us (including individual members of management) to fines and penalties and could force us to modify our operations. In addition, we require a variety of permits to conduct our operations. From time to time, we must obtain, comply with, expand and renew permits to operate our facilities including, inter alia, permits under the Swedish Environmental Code and permits for the handling of flammables and explosive goods under the Swedish Flammables and Explosives Act. Failure to do so could subject us to civil penalties, criminal sanctions and closure of our facilities. The risk exists that we will be unable to obtain or renew material permits, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue operations and our financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows; or that obtaining or renewing material permits will require adopting controls or conditions that would result in additional capital expenditures or increased operating costs.
Health and safety regulations. Our oil refining transportation and distribution activities are also subject to a wide range of supranational, national, regional and local occupational health and safety laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate. These health and safety laws change frequently, as do the priorities of those who enforce them. Any failure to comply with these health and safety laws, including general industry standards, record keeping requirements and monitoring and control of occupational exposure to regulated substances, could lead to criminal sanctions, civil fines or compliance costs and changes in the way we operate our facilities, which could increase the costs of operating our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Competition laws. We are subject to strict Swedish and European competition laws, which limit the types of supply, sales, marketing and cooperation arrangements we can enter into, and may subject us to fines, damages and invalidity of such agreements or certain provisions thereof. Legal action by the Swedish Competition Authority, other regulatory authorities or any related third party claims may expose us to liability for fines and damages.
Energy laws and electricity certificates. Each of our refineries and the power consumers at Skarvik Technical and Rishomen Caverns (Gothenburg) have been classified as electricity intensive businesses. On September 1,2015, an application we had submitted, pursuant to energy legislation, to Energimyndigheten (the Energy Authority) in order to maintain the classification of each of our refineries as an electricity intensive business was approved. This approval will be valid for three years. As a result, we will not need to purchase electricity certificates during this time period, which we estimate would have cost approximately SEK 15 million per annum. However, we can give no assurances that we will be awarded this classification again and to the extent we are not, we may need to purchase electricity certificates in the future thereby resulting in additional expenditures.
32

Obligation to supply renewable fuel at petrol stations. The Swedish legislation that obligates us to provide renewable fuel at petrol stations, the Act on the Obligation to Supply Renewable Fuels, has been changed, effective from August 1,2014. The definition of renewable fuel in that Act means that the fuel must contain a renewable portion of at least 50%. This change in legislation raised the volume limit per year and site from 1,000 to 1,500 m3, which in turn reduced the number of sites in respect of which dispensations from the legislative requirements are necessary, from 162 sites to 118 sites. Of the 118 sites which require the dispensation 79 sites have been granted dispensations by the Transport Agency and 39 are pending a ruling at the Transport Agency. We expect that the Transport Agency will grant dispensations for the remaining 39 stations. The dispensations granted enable Preem to comply with the Act by providing diesel fuel with at least 50% renewable content on a mass balance basis. The dispensations will be valid until October 30, 2020. We expect that we will be required to invest around SEK 8 million during 2016 in relation to this issue to be spread between 79 of the 118 stations. The remaining 39 stations will be provided with diesel fuel with at least 50% renewable content.
Changes in environmental laws and regulations. We expect that the refining business will continue to be subject to increasingly stringent environmental and other laws and regulations that may increase the costs of operating our refineries above currently projected levels and require future capital expenditures, including increased costs associated with more stringent standards for air emissions, wastewater discharges and the remediation of contamination. In January 2014, the Industrial Emission Directive was implemented in Sweden. The directive states that refineries (as well as other industries) must implement the Best Available Technology (''BAT'') and comply with associated Accepted Emission Levels (''AEL'') for each unit process in each refinery. Refineries must be compliant with the BAT-conclusions within four years after publication of the BAT-conclusions, which occurred on October 28, 2014. Preliminary analysis has shown that particle emissions from the Preemraff Lysekil refinery FCC regenerator do not comply with BAT-AEL. A program has been adopted to address the issue with moderate capital investments planned for 2016. We estimate that capital expenditure to comply with BAT-AEL may total SEK 68 million at Preemraff Lysekil. However, there is a risk that the suggested changes will not suffice and more capital-intensive investments will be required. It may also be that we are required to invest SEK 10 million at Preemraff Gothenburg in relation to BAT-AEL compliance, however, we currently see it as unlikely that such investment will be required.
VAT filings. We have notified the Swedish Tax Agency of possible technical non-compliance with the Swedish VAT Act, in which Preem has been issuing receipts since 2010 that reflect VAT on both gas station receipts and monthly summary invoices, even if the receipt and the invoice represent the same transactions. The Swedish VAT Act requires VAT specified on a receipt or invoice to be paid to the Swedish Tax Agency. Therefore, even though we paid appropriate VAT on a per-transaction basis, we may need to retroactively revise VAT filings to address the fact that receipts and invoices both showed VAT amounts.
Our external tax advisors have advised that the most likely outcome is that the Swedish Tax Agency will not demand corrective actions. If they did do so, there would be no penalties payable, but interest with respect to the revised filings could amount to SEK 300 million.
We are awaiting a response from the Swedish Tax Agency to our notification. We are adjusting the forms of our receipts and invoices to avoid this issue in the future, but cannot assure you at this time that the Swedish Tax Agency will not charge interest with respect to revisions to our historical VAT filings.
Changes in the tax treatment of the Issuer, the tax incentives in connection with biofuels and the tax deductibility of interest may adversely affect our financial position and our ability to service the obligations under our indebtedness.
The Issuer is subject to significant taxation and levies in Sweden. These taxes and levies imposed on the Issuer have changed considerably over time and we cannot assure you that the level of taxes and levies to which we are subject will not be increased. Any further increases in the levels of taxes or levies to which we are subject in Sweden, or the implementation of any new taxes or levies to which we will be subject, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. Furthermore, any change in the Issuer's tax status,
33

or in taxation legislation or practice in Sweden or any jurisdiction in which we operate, or in our tax treatment may affect our ability to service our debt and/or finance our operations.
There is a political discussion in Sweden on limiting the deductibility of interest on corporate debt. If such limitations are introduced, this may adversely affect our financial position and our ability to service our indebtedness.
Our biofuel, which qualifies as MK1, currently attracts tax incentives from the Swedish Tax Agency of approximately 0.60 per liter. We currently produce 160,000 m3of the biofuel qualifying for this tax incentive and loss of this incentive would be materially adverse to our business.
Furthermore, the Swedish Tax Agency may reassess our taxation within the statutory limitation period of six years. For example, a number of Swedish companies in the oil industry, including us, have approached the Swedish Tax Agency regarding the tax treatment in relation to the common practice of these companies of, from time to time, lending fuel to and from each other's depots on a daily basis (''Loan of Goods''). The Loan of Goods had been treated as loans and returns of goods and hence did not give rise to any tax charges. We, together with the other Swedish companies involved, will now treat this instead as a sale and purchase of fuel, which can lead to gains and losses depending on the price differential of oil between the date of sale and the date of purchase. This will be particularly acute where fuel is loaned/sold in one financial year and returned/purchased in the next. We do not currently expect that this will lead to any additional income and income tax, but the Swedish Tax Agency has yet to revert to us on this question.
We have recently lost a dispute with the Swedish Tax Agency in respect of a reassessment by them of our income tax for the year 2009. This related to the valuation of an intra-Group property transfer and increased our income from business activities by SEK 239 million and added tax surcharges of approximately SEK 6 million. See ''Business--Legal Proceedings.''
We may be liable for environmental damages, which could adversely affect our business or financial results and reduce the Issuer's ability to pay interest and principal due on the Notes.
The risk of significant environmental liability is inherent in our business. We are subject to risks relating to crude oil or refined product spills, discharge of hazardous materials into the soil, air and water, asbestos and other environmental damage. Our feedstock and refined products are shipped to and from our refineries in tankers that pass through environmentally sensitive areas. An oil spill from a tanker in such areas would have an adverse impact on the environment, and could impact our reputation and our business. In our industry, there is an ever-present risk of accidental discharges of hazardous materials and of the assertion of claims by third parties (including governmental authorities) against us for violation of applicable law and/or damages arising out of any past or future contamination related to any of our current or former operations. Environmental regulators may in some cases, investigate the existence of soil and groundwater contamination at our refineries, at some of our depot sites, our retail stations and at some sites where we previously had operations, which could lead to legal proceedings being initiated against us. For example, the County Administrative Board of Vastra Gotalands Lan found us liable for the clean-up costs related to an incident where oil contaminated a drainage ditch on the Gothenburg property in 2013. A suggested plan for how the clean-up will be executed has been sent to the County Administrative Board along with suggested improvements to reduce risk of future contamination. In 2015, the County Administrative Board confirmed that it has no objections to the measures taken in accordance with our suggested plan. We anticipate that the clean-up works will continue until approximately 2019, and, as of December 31, 2015, we have made a provision of SEK 21 million for the associated costs of the clean-up works in our accounts. The suggested improvements to our facilities will be funded by an investment budget in 2016 or 2017. A non-compliance issue at a diesel truck stop in Uppsala is also currently being investigated by the police, which could result in criminal liability for us or our management and/or a revocation of that permit. Whilst the relevant legislation provides for a range of criminal sanctions which could be invoked in relation to this issue, we expect the imposition of a fine if we are found guilty.
Should there be any successful claim against us for damages or for environmental clean-up works, we may have to pay substantial amounts in fees and penalties, for remediation, or as compensation to third parties, in each case, in respect of past or future operations, acquisitions or disposals. Any amounts paid in fees and penalties, for remediation, or as compensation to third
34

parties would reduce, and could eliminate, the funds available for paying interest or principal on the Notes and for financing our normal operations and planned development.
We may also be liable for environmental damage caused by previous owners of operations or properties that we have acquired, use or have used. We may be liable for decontamination and other remedial costs at, and in the vicinity of, most of the sites we operate or own and that we (and companies with which we have merged) have operated or owned, including following the closure or sale of, or expiration of leases for, such sites. For example, the lease for a storage depot in Stockholm will not be renewed when it expires in December 2019 and the users of that depot, including us, will most likely be held responsible for their various shares of the cost of remedying contaminated land, water, buildings and constructions. This depot was used for the storage of oil and other hazardous substances for approximately 50 years by several oil companies, including Preem. We estimate that Preem's portion of the remediation costs for this will amount to approximately SEK 30 million. A provision has been made for this in our accounts. We may also be liable for decontamination and other remedial costs as a result of contamination caused in connection with the transportation and distribution of our products. In some instances, such as the closure of a number of our depots, we are currently unable to accurately estimate the costs of necessary remediation and may face significant unexpected costs. Until its expiry in December 2014, we maintained insurance with the Group's insurance company to cover some of the expenses and costs in respect of remediating contamination at closed sites, reflected in our accounts with a specific initial reservation of approximately SEK 150 million ($18 million or 16.5 million), an amount which has now been fully utilized. We will therefore need to provision for future remediation expenses at closed sites as they are identified. For operational sites, we maintain environmental liability insurance that covers sudden and gradual pollution, with inception date March 1, 2012. Any major or unexpected remediation or clean-up costs for which we are underinsured or not insured at all and/or for which we have not made sufficient provision in our costs budget, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We are exposed to currency and commodity price fluctuations, which could adversely affect our financial results, liquidity and ability to pay interest and principal due on the Notes.
Our crude oil purchases are primarily denominated in dollars. Our revenues are primarily denominated in dollars and kronor. We publish our financial statements in kronor. As of March 31, 2016, on a pro forma basis for the consummation of the Transactions and excluding the Subordinated Shareholder Debt and excluding any letters of credit that the Group has outstanding, our krona-denominated third party debt totaled SEK 2,335 million (253 million), our dollar-denominated third party debt totaled $351 million and our euro-denominated third party debt totaled 570 million. The pro forma indebtedness amounts included herein are based upon (i) our preliminary financial information as of March 31, 2016, as derived from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change, and (ii) using the March 31, 2016 exchange rates provided in ''Exchange Rate Information.''
As a result, fluctuations of these currencies against each other or against other currencies in which we do business or have indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. We estimate that a 10% change in the U.S. dollar to kronor exchange rate would have resulted in a corresponding change in our EBITDA of approximately SEK 598 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 (our EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2015 was equal to SEK 4,166 million). Any significant fluctuations of these currencies could undermine assumptions about the duration for which funds deposited into the segregated account will be able to cover cash interest payments on the Notes and leave us with insufficient liquidity to pay cash interest on the Notes. From time to time, we use forward exchange contracts and, to a lesser extent, currency swaps to manage our foreign currency risk. We engage in hedging activities from time to time that could expose us to losses should markets move against our hedged position. Present or future management of foreign exchange risk may not be adequate and exchange rate fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on our ability to comply with the financial covenants of our lending arrangements and our ability to borrow under such lending arrangements. See ''Management's
35

Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Key Factors Affecting Results of Operations--Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates.''
Changes in the price of commodities, such as crude oil, can affect our cost of goods sold and the price of our refined products. Commodity price changes can also trigger a price effect on inventory, which can affect our revenues, gross profit and operating income, which in turn can affect our ability to comply with the financial covenants of our lending arrangements, our ability to borrow under such lending arrangements and the sufficiency of capital available for borrowing under our lending arrangements. We enter into commodity derivative contracts from time to time to manage our price exposure for our inventory positions and our purchases of crude oil in the refining process, and to fix margins on certain future production. On occasion, we may also enter into certain derivative contracts that are classified as ''speculative'' transactions.
To the extent these derivative contracts protect us against fluctuations in oil prices, they do so only for a limited period of time. Derivative contracts can also result in a reduction in possible revenue if the contract price is less than the market price at the time of settlement. Moreover, our decision to enter into a given contract is based upon market assumptions. If these assumptions are not met, significant losses or lost opportunities for significant gains may result. In all, the use of derivative contracts may result in significant losses or prevent us from realizing the positive impact of any subsequent fluctuation in the price of oil. See ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.''
We must make substantial capital expenditures on our refineries and other facilities to maintain their reliability and efficiency. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and/or in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected.
Delays or cost increases related to the engineering, procurement and construction of new facilities, or improvements and repairs to our existing facilities and equipment, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors in the marketplace, many of which are beyond our control, including:
 unplanned increases in the cost of equipment, materials or labor;
 disruptions in transportation of equipment and materials;
 severe adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of our vendors and suppliers;
 denial or delay in obtaining regulatory approvals and/or permits;
 prices and availability of equipment and material;
 shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages;
 market-related increases in a project's debt or equity financing costs; and
 nonperformance or force majeure by, or disputes with, our vendors, suppliers, contractors or sub-contractors.
Our refineries have been in operation for many years. Equipment, even if properly maintained, may require significant capital expenditures and expenses to keep it operating at optimum efficiency. For example, we have spent SEK 514 million on the most recently completed turnaround at the Preemraff Lysekil refinery, which we completed in 2013 and we incurred SEK 304 million associated with the turnaround for the Preemraff Gothenburg refinery, which we completed in 2011. These costs do not result in increases in unit capacities, but rather are focused on trying to maintain safe and reliable operations. Furthermore, requirements imposed by authorities mean that we will need to continually invest substantial amounts for replacement, maintenance and upgrades to our refineries. For example, we plan further capital expenditures for a variety of projects, including the construction of a new ditch at Preemraff Gothenburg. In
36

addition, we currently intend to upgrade our IT systems by 2017 at an estimated cost of approximately SEK 500 million ($60 million and 55 million). See ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources-- Overview.''
Any one or more of the occurrences noted above could have a significant impact on our business. If we were unable to make up the delays or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change or we otherwise cannot finance our capital expenditure program, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Given the highly specialized and technical nature of our business, we depend on key management personnel that we may not be able to replace if they leave our company.
Our industry and our specific operations are highly specialized and technical and require a management team with industry-specific knowledge and experience. Our continued success is highly dependent on the personal efforts and abilities of our executive officers and refining managers, who have trained and worked in the oil refining industry for many years. Our operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if certain of our executive officers become unable to continue in, or devote adequate time to, their present roles, or if we are unable to attract and retain other skilled management personnel.
A substantial portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that would interfere with our refinery operations.
Our operations may be affected by labor disruptions involving our employees and employees of third-parties. Substantially all of our employees are represented by trade unions under collective bargaining agreements. We have maintained good relationships with the trade unions representing our employees in Sweden and have renegotiated many of our employee contracts in order to streamline our various employee agreements and create greater efficiency. We may be affected by strikes, lockouts or other significant work stoppages in the future, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We may be exposed to economic disruptions in the various countries in which we operate and in which our suppliers and customers are located, which could adversely affect our operations, tax treatment under foreign laws and our financial results.
Although we operate primarily in Sweden, our operations extend beyond Sweden. Through our Supply and Refining segment, we export refined products to certain countries in northwestern Europe, including Scandinavia, the United Kingdom, Germany, and the United States and, to a lesser extent, other markets. Additionally, we purchase the crude oil that we refine predominantly from Russia and the North Sea area, but also to some extent from West Africa. Accordingly, we are subject to legal, economic and market risks associated with operating internationally, purchasing crude oil and supplies from other countries and selling refined products to them. These risks include:
 interruption of crude oil supply;
 imposition of more extensive international sanctions on Russia;
 increase of hostilities between Russia and Ukraine or other countries;
 devaluations and fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
 imposition of limitations on conversion of foreign currencies or remittance of dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries;
 imposition or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances by foreign subsidiaries;
 imposition or increase of investment and other restrictions by foreign governments;
 failure to comply with a wide variety of foreign laws; and
 unexpected changes in regulatory environments and government policies.
37

The occurrence of any one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or result of operations.
It is difficult to compare our results of operations from period to period, which may result in misleading or inaccurate financial indicators and data relating to our business.
It is difficult to make period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations as a result of, among other things, changes in our business, fluctuations in crude oil and refined product prices, which are denominated in dollars, and fluctuations in our capital expenditures, which are primarily denominated in kronor. As a result, our results of operations from period to period are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations, in addition to typical period-to-period fluctuations. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2015, we held, on average, approximately 12 million barrels (gross volume) of crude oil and refined products on hand. Fluctuations in oil prices therefore have a direct effect on the valuation of our inventory and these fluctuations may impact our results for a given period. For these reasons, a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be meaningful.
We may incur additional liabilities in connection with our pension plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Preem has defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans under which Preem has an obligation to provide agreed benefits to current and former employees. The closed defined benefit plans, which are non-active, are both unfunded and funded. The actuarial valuation, which is conducted annually according to International Accounting Standard 19 (''IAS 19''), showed that the current value of Preem's wholly or partially funded obligations was SEK 523 million and that fair value of plan assets was SEK 622 million meaning that our wholly or partially funded obligations had a net asset balance of SEK 99 million as of December 31,2015. The current value of Preem's unfunded defined benefit obligations was SEK 91 million. Our total net balance of funded and unfunded defined pension plans amounts to SEK 8 million as of December 31, 2015 and is included in the balance sheet as ''other non-current assets''. See also Notes 1 and 26 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 elsewhere in this offering memorandum. However, our net liabilities under the pension plans may be significantly affected by changes in the expected return on the plans' assets, the rate of increase in salaries and pension contributions, changes in demographic variables or other events and circumstances. Changes to local legislation and regulation relating to pension plan funding requirements may result in significant deviations in the timing and size of the expected cash contributions under such plans. On May 27, 2010, the Issuer executed a guarantee for Preem's obligations under the unfunded defined benefit pension plan to the insurance company that provides credit insurance in relation to the unfunded amounts. The insurance company may require additional security in relation to its obligations under the credit insurance terms. There can be no assurance that we will not incur liabilities relating to our pension plans, and these additional liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Claims in relation to Preem's pensions liabilities will rank ahead of claims you may have under the Notes.
Severe weather, natural disasters, climate change, external power supply failure, terrorist attacks, threats of war and actual conflict may negatively impact our business.
Severe weather and natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, water or other natural resource shortages, tsunamis, floods, typhoons, drought, fire, extreme weather conditions, rising sea levels and the direct and indirect effects of climate change (such as additional rising sea levels, increased storm severity, drought, flooding, wildfires, pandemics and social unrest from resource depletion and price increases), as well as any power shortages or telecommunications failures which may occur, may cause damage or disruption to our employees, facilities, customers, partners, suppliers, distributors and resellers, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate, or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms. Any future material and sustained interruptions in our ability to continue operations at our facilities could damage our reputation, harm our ability to retain existing customers or obtain new
38

customers and could result in lost revenue, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.
External electrical power supply failure, due to severe weather or an interruption in the external power generation or transmission system, could cause an interruption in production at each of our refineries. This could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not have insurance coverage for external power supply failure.
Additionally, terrorist attacks, events occurring in response to terrorist attacks, rumors, sabotage, threats of war and actual conflict may adversely impact our suppliers, our customers and oil markets generally and disrupt our operations. As a result, there could be delays or losses in the delivery of supplies and raw materials to us, decreased sales of our products and delays in our customers' payment of our trade receivables. Energy-related assets, including oil refineries like ours, may be at greater risk of terrorist attack than other targets. It is possible that occurrences of terrorist attacks or the threat of war or actual conflict could result in government-imposed price controls. These occurrences could have an adverse impact on energy prices, including prices for our products, which could drive down demand for our products. In addition, disruption or significant increases in energy prices could result in government-imposed price controls. Any of, or a combination of, these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We maintain terrorism insurance which provides partial protection against property damage and business interruption in case of an attack on our refineries or terminals. Although there can be no assurance that this insurance is sufficient to protect us fully in all events, such insurance is carried at levels of coverage and deductibles that we consider financially prudent. However, a major loss for which we are underinsured or uninsured could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We may be subject to certain risks because we operate some of our business through joint ventures.
We have a number of joint ventures. There can be no assurance that these arrangements will be successful and/or achieve their planned objectives. The performance of all such operations in which we do not have a controlling interest will depend on the financial and strategic support of the other shareholders and partners. Such other shareholders and partners may take positions with which we may not agree, may make ill-informed or inadequate management decisions, or may fail to supply or be unwilling to supply the required operational, strategic and financial resources, which could materially adversely affect these operations. If any of our strategic partners were to encounter financial difficulties, change their business strategies or no longer be willing to participate in these strategic partnerships, joint ventures and alliances, this could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Our growth strategy may involve acquisitions, and we may experience difficulties identifying acquisition targets, integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies.
We regularly identify and evaluate potential acquisition opportunities. There can be no assurance, however, that suitable acquisition targets will, or can, be identified in the future, or that we will be able to finance such acquisitions on favorable terms. Furthermore, acquisitions we have already made or future acquisitions may not be integrated successfully into our operations and may not achieve desired financial objectives. Any acquisitions of businesses entail numerous operational and financial risks, including:
 higher than expected acquisition and integration costs;
 the possibility that we could pay more than the acquired company or its assets are worth;
 the possibility that we may not identify appropriate acquisition targets, complete future acquisitions on satisfactory terms or realize expected synergies or cost savings within expected timelines;
 unforeseen expenses, delays or conditions may be imposed upon the acquisition, including due to required regulatory approvals or consents;
 exposure to unknown liabilities (including, but not limited to, liabilities in relation to tax and environmental regulations and laws);
 difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of acquired businesses with our existing operations and personnel;
 diversion of management's attention from our day-to-day business;
39

 impairment of relationships with key suppliers or customers of acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership and the restructuring of logistics and information technology systems;
 the inability to retain key employees of acquired businesses;
 difficulty avoiding labor disruptions in connection with any integration, particularly in connection with any headcount reduction; and
 the incurrence of substantial debt, the cost of servicing which may affect our ability to service our short-term and long-term liabilities or otherwise negatively impact our cashflows.
The occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
In addition, there can be no assurance that, following integration into our Group, an acquired operation will be able to maintain its customer base consistent with expectations or generate the expected margins or cash flow. Although we analyze each acquisition target, our assessments are subject to a number of assumptions concerning profitability, growth, interest rates and company valuations. We may have difficulties in implementing our business model within an acquired company or acquired assets due to various factors, including conflicting corporate culture. There can be no assurance that our assessments of and assumptions regarding acquisition targets will prove to be correct and actual developments may differ significantly from our expectations.
In agreeing to acquire entities, we generally make certain assumptions and determinations on, among other things, future net sales and earnings, based on our investigation of the respective businesses and other information then available. We cannot assure you that our assumptions and determinations will prove to be correct or that liabilities, contingencies or other risks previously not known to us will not arise. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to acquire companies depending on the concentration of ownership in specific markets and our relative market position. Any such unanticipated risks, liabilities, contingencies, losses or issues, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Furthermore, acquisitions of companies expose us to the risk of unforeseen obligations with respect to employees, customers, suppliers and subcontractors of acquired businesses, public authorities and other parties. We cannot ensure that there will not be unexpected risks or obligations. Such obligations, were they to materialize, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We may not be able to successfully manage future growth and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our ability to manage our growth and integrate operations, technologies, services and personnel depends on our administrative, financial and operational controls and our ability to create the infrastructure necessary to exploit market opportunities for our services, as well as our financial resources. In order to compete effectively and to grow our business profitably, we will need, on a timely basis, to maintain and improve our financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures, implement new systems as necessary, attract and retain adequate management personnel, and hire, retain and train a highly qualified workforce. Furthermore, we expect that, as we continue to introduce new services and enter new markets, we will be required to manage an increasing number of relationships with various customers and other third parties.
Finally, we expect that the expansion and diversification of our business could require us to attract, train and retain increasing numbers of highly skilled technical personnel and managers. The failure or delay of our management in responding to these challenges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations.
Our operations could be disrupted if our information systems fail, causing increased expenses and loss of sales.
Our business is highly dependent on financial, accounting and other data processing systems and other communications and information systems, including our enterprise resource planning
40

tools. We process a large number of transactions on a daily basis and rely upon the proper functioning of computer systems. If a key system was to fail or experience unscheduled downtime for any reason, even if only for a short period, our operations and financial results could be affected adversely. Our systems could be damaged or interrupted by fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure or similar event. Additionally, our business is highly dependent on our refinery control systems. Such systems could fail due to fires, security breaches or similar events and could result in disturbances to production, shutdowns, mechanical damage, fire or explosion. We have a formal disaster recovery plan in place, but this plan may not prevent delays or other complications that could arise from an information systems failure. Furthermore, our business interruption insurance may not compensate us adequately for losses that may occur. Any prolonged disruptions, or any significant shortfall in our business interruption insurance, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers and suppliers, and personally identifiable information of our employees, in our facilities and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions and has recently been subject to such disruptions affecting key applications such as logistics, prices, accounting and invoicing. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Risks Related to the Notes and Our Capital Structure
Our substantial indebtedness, and the restrictive covenants therein, may make it difficult for us to service our debt, including the Notes, and to operate our business.
We have, and after this offering will continue to have, a significant amount of indebtedness. As of March 31, 2016, as adjusted to give pro forma effect to the consummation of the Transactions, we would have had SEK 10,456 million (approximately $1,283 million) of total financial third party debt (which excludes Subordinated Shareholder Debt and excludes any letters of credit that the Group has outstanding) based upon (i) our preliminary financial information as of March 31, 2016, as derived from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change, and (ii) using the March 31, 2016 exchange rates provided in ''Exchange Rate Information." We anticipate that our substantial indebtedness will continue for the foreseeable future. To the extent that the Issuer pays PIK interest, our indebtedness will further increase, and, with compounding effects, the principal value of the Notes may grow substantially. Our substantial indebtedness may have important negative consequences for you, including:
 making it more difficult for us and our subsidiaries to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt, including the Issuer's debt under the Notes and other liabilities;
 requiring that a substantial portion of the cash flow from our subsidiaries' operations be dedicated to debt service obligations, reducing the availability of cash flow to fund internal growth through working capital and capital expenditures, and for other general corporate purposes;
 increasing our vulnerability to economic downturns in our industry;
 exposing us to interest rate increases;
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt in relation to cash flow;
 limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and our industry;
41

 restricting us from pursuing strategic acquisitions or exploiting certain business opportunities; and
 limiting, among other things, our and our subsidiaries' ability to borrow additional funds or raise equity capital in the future and increasing the costs of such additional financings.
Further, the A&R Credit Facility requires Preem to maintain a specified ratio of (i) consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest costs and (ii) certain interest bearing liabilities to consolidated EBITDA and to comply with a maintenance covenant relating to minimum equity and with other covenants. However, there can be no assurances that Preem will be able to maintain such ratios or minimum equity levels or to comply with such covenants or with any other related obligations in the future, nor that it will be able to obtain waivers or amendments with respect to such obligations in a timely manner or at all. A breach of any of these covenants or other obligations would restrict Preem's ability to make new drawings under the revolving facilities of the A&R Credit Facility. Upon the occurrence of any event of default under the A&R Credit Facility, subject to applicable cure periods and other limitations on acceleration or enforcement, the relevant creditors could cancel the availability of the undrawn facilities and to elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder, together with accrued interest, immediately due and payable.
The Indenture, as to the Issuer and its subsidiaries (comprising Preem and its subsidiaries), and the A&R Credit Facility, as to Preem and its subsidiaries, contain covenants that restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to take advantage of other business opportunities that may be in our interest. These covenants restrict our ability to, among other things:
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness and issue certain preferred stock;
 make investments or other restricted payments;
 pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem our capital stock;
 create liens on assets to secure indebtedness;
 transfer or sell assets;
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates;
 enter into agreements that restrict our restricted subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends; and
 merge or consolidate with or into another company.
Events beyond our control, including changes in general business and economic conditions, may affect our ability to meet these requirements. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the Indenture and/or the A&R Credit Facility, as well as under any other debt instruments or facilities that contain relevant cross-default provisions.
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy our debt obligations, including the Notes. An actual or impending inability by us or our subsidiaries to pay debts as they become due and payable could result in enforcement by secured creditors, including creditors under the A&R Credit Facility, against collateral held by them, and could result in our insolvency.
The Issuer is a holding company with no revenue generating operations of its own. The Issuer depends on the ability of its subsidiaries, including Preem, to distribute cash to it, and any inability of any of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it w ill negatively affect the Issuer's ability to meet its debt service and other obligations.
The Issuer is a holding company. As a holding company, to meet its debt service and other obligations, the Issuer is dependent upon dividends, permitted repayment of intercompany debt, if any, and other transfers of funds from Preem or equity contributions from its parent company, Moroncha Holdings, or the Ultimate Shareholder. As of the closing of the offering of the Notes, substantially all of the Issuer's present assets will consist of 100% of the share capital of Preem, and approximately $63 million of the proceeds of the offering of the Notes which will be retained by the Issuer in segregated accounts for the purpose of making cash interest payments on the Notes. The funds in these accounts, when combined with the projected ability of Preem to make ''Permitted Payments'' as defined in the A&R Credit Facility, are currently expected to be adequate
42

to pay cash interest on the Notes during the twelve month period following the issue of the Notes. These accounts are not escrow accounts, however, and therefore such funds will not be insulated from other creditors of the Issuer.
Preem may not declare any dividends or otherwise transfer any funds to the Issuer unless the transfer comprises a ''Permitted Payment'' as defined in the A&R Credit Facility, Preem has maintained certain financial ratios and is otherwise not in default under the A&R Credit Facility. Although the Issuer currently projects that Preem will make Permitted Payments sufficient for the Issuer to service the cash interest payments on the Notes, Preem is not under a legal obligation to pay the maximum dividend allowable under these restrictions, which could limit the Issuer's ability to pursue a program of deleveraging.
There can be no assurance as to the amount of funds that Preem will be able to distribute, dividend or pay to the Issuer or the timing or availability thereof (which will be subject to satisfying a number of conditions pursuant to the A&R Credit Facility that is in place as of the Issue Date (or any amendment, restatement or refinancing relating to the ability of Preem to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay cash to the Issuer is no less favorable to the holders of Notes). In relation to any distribution, dividend or payment to the segregated account, Preem must satisfy a requirement to have had more than $100 million of minimum liquidity in cash, cash equivalents and/or certain drawings available under the A&R Credit Facility for a certain period before and at the time funds are dividended, distributed or paid to the Issuer. In relation to any dividend, distribution or payment required to make a Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer, Preem must satisfy a requirement to have had more than $175 million of minimum liquidity in cash, cash equivalents and/or certain drawings available under the A&R Credit Facility for a certain period before and at the time funds are dividended, distributed or otherwise paid to the Issuer. See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements-A&R Credit Facility-Restrictions on Upstreaming of Cash.''
Additional restrictions on the distribution of cash to the Issuer arise from, among other things, applicable corporate and other laws and regulations and the terms of other agreements to which Preem and its subsidiaries are or may become subject. Under Swedish law, Preem or its subsidiaries may only pay a dividend to the extent that such corporate entity has positive net equity according to its adopted balance sheet in its latest annual report; provided, however, that the distribution of profits may not be made in any amount which, given due consideration to the financing needs of Preem or such subsidiary, including the liquidity or financial position of Preem and its subsidiaries, would contravene sound business principles.
As a result of the above, the Issuer's ability to service cash interest payments or other cash needs may become considerably restricted, as would its ability to generate and distribute any Excess Cash Flow to fund any Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer. If Preem is unable to pay dividends or otherwise transfer funds to the Issuer and if equity contributions from the Issuer's parent company, Moroncha Holdings, or from the Ultimate Shareholder, are not forthcoming, then the Issuer will be unable to satisfy its obligations to pay cash interest on the Notes and will be required to pay PIK Interest instead and/or to refinance those obligations to avoid default. We can provide no assurance that the Issuer will be able to obtain the necessary funds from Preem or Moroncha Holdings or from the Ultimate Shareholder, or that it will be able to refinance its obligations.
If the Group cannot or is not permitted to provide sufficient funds to the Issuer to pay cash interest on the Notes offered hereby, interest on the Notes may be paid in PIK Interest rather than cash.
Under certain conditions as described in this offering memorandum, the Issuer may elect not to pay interest on the Notes in cash. In the event that the Issuer does not elect to pay cash interest, the Issuer will pay interest issuing additional PIK Notes as PIK Interest. The ability of the Issuer to pay cash interest will depend on the amount available to be paid under the covenants of Preem's Credit Facilities and any other credit facilities of the Issuer's subsidiaries restricting dividends, distributions and other payments to the Issuer, as well as corporate laws relating to such dividends, distributions and payments. The Notes and the Credit Facilities allow the Issuer's subsidiaries to utilize amounts that would otherwise be available to pay dividends, directly or indirectly, to the Issuer, for other uses, and such uses would reduce the amount of cash available to pay dividends, directly or indirectly, to the Issuer, and in turn for the Issuer, to pay cash interest on
43

the Notes. See ''Description of Notes--Interest.'' As a result, we cannot assure you that the Issuer will be able to make cash interest payments on the Notes, and holders of the Notes could potentially receive no cash interest on the Notes for interest periods other than the initial and final periods. The payment of interest through the issuance of additional PIK Notes will increase the amount of the Issuer's indebtedness and would increase the risks associated with the Issuer's level of indebtedness.
The Notes are structurally subordinated to the Group's debt and other liabilities, which could impair your right to a payment on any sale of the Group's assets.
As of December 31, 2015, the Group had total financial third party debt (consisting of total financial long-term third party debt and total financial current third party debt, which, in each case, excludes Subordinated Shareholder Debt) of SEK 12,285 million (1,345 million), of which SEK 7,308 million (800 million) was borrowed by wholly owned subsidiaries. Generally, creditors of a subsidiary will have a claim on the assets and earnings of that subsidiary superior to that of creditors of its parent company, except to the extent that the claims of the parent's creditors are guaranteed by a subsidiary. None of Preem or any other subsidiary of the Issuer will guarantee the Notes. The Notes are structurally subordinated in right of payment to the existing and future debt and other liabilities of Preem and each of the other subsidiaries of the Issuer.
In the event of any bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization or similar proceeding relating to any of the Issuer's subsidiaries, holders of their indebtedness and their trade creditors will generally be entitled to payment of their claims from the assets of those subsidiaries before any assets are made available for distribution to the Issuer. The Notes, therefore, are structurally subordinated to creditors of all direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Issuer, whether or not the claims of such creditors are secured.
The Issuer and its subsidiaries, including Preem, may be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described above.
Preem is the borrower under the Credit Facilities. Although the agreements governing many of our financing arrangements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions. As a result, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt. In particular the Issuer may accrue PIK Interest under the Notes, which will increase the amount of the Issuer's outstanding debt in the future. Any future indebtedness owed by any of the Issuer's subsidiaries, whether or not secured, will also be structurally senior to the Notes. To the extent we incur additional indebtedness, the substantial leverage risks described above would increase.
A substantial part of our indebtedness, including borrowings under Preem's Credit Facilities, bear interest at floating rates that could rise significantly, increasing our costs and reducing our cash flow.
Borrowings under Preem's Credit Facilities bear interest at floating rates of interest per annum equal to EURIBOR, STIBOR, LIBOR and similar benchmarks, as adjusted periodically, plus a margin. These interest rates could rise significantly in the future. Although certain interest rate hedging arrangements might be available to fix a portion of these rates, there can be no assurance that hedging will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms. To the extent that interest rates were to increase significantly, our interest expense would correspondingly increase, reducing our cash flow, thereby having an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
The Notes and the Credit Facilities contain a number of restrictive covenants, which may not allow the Issuer to repay or repurchase the Notes.
The Issuer's ability to comply with the restrictive covenants set forth in the Indenture, and Preem's ability to comply with the restrictive covenants set forth in the Credit Facilities, may be affected by events beyond our control and we may not be able to meet our obligations under such debt agreements. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the Indenture or the Credit Facilities and, potentially, an acceleration of the Issuer's obligation to repay the Notes
44

and an acceleration of Preem's obligation to repay any amounts outstanding under the Credit Facilities, and neither the Issuer nor Preem may have sufficient funds to repay such amounts, including the Notes.
If the Issuer experiences a Change of Control (as defined in ''Description of Notes'') each holder of the Notes may require the Issuer to repurchase all or a portion of that holder's Notes.
If a change of control were to occur, we cannot assure you that we would have sufficient funds available at such time, or that we would have sufficient funds to provide to the Issuer to pay the purchase price of the Notes, or that the restrictions in the A&R Credit Facility, the Indenture or our other then-existing contractual obligations would allow us to make such required repurchases. A change of control may result in a mandatory prepayment of, an event of default under, or acceleration of, the A&R Credit Facility, the Notes and our other indebtedness. The repurchase of the Notes pursuant to such an offer could cause a default under our other indebtedness, even if the change of control itself does not. The ability of the Issuer to receive cash from its subsidiaries to allow them to pay cash to the holders of the Notes following the occurrence of a change of control, may be limited by our then existing financial resources. Sufficient funds may not be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. If an event constituting a change of control occurs at a time when the Issuer's subsidiaries are prohibited from providing funds to the Issuer for the purpose of repurchasing the Notes, we may seek the consent of the lenders under such indebtedness to the purchase of the Notes or may attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain such prohibition. If such a consent to repay such borrowings is not obtained, the Issuer will remain prohibited from repurchasing any Notes. In addition, we expect that we would require third-party financing to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a change of control. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such financing.
Any failure by the Issuer to offer to purchase the Notes would constitute a default under the Indenture, which would, in turn, constitute a default under the A&R Credit Facility and certain other indebtedness. See ''Description of Notes--Change of Control.''
The change of control provision contained in the Indenture may not necessarily afford you protection in the event of certain important corporate events, including a reorganization, restructuring, merger or other similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect you, because such corporate events may not involve a shift in voting power or beneficial ownership or, even if they do, may not constitute a ''Change of Control'' as defined in the Indenture. Except as described under ''Description of Notes--Change of Control,'' the Indenture will not contain provisions that would require the Issuer to offer to repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a reorganization, restructuring, merger, recapitalization or similar transaction.
The definition of ''Change of Control'' in the Indenture will include a disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and its restricted subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ''all or substantially all,'' there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances, there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ''all or substantially all'' of the Issuer's assets and its restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a change of control has occurred and whether the Issuer is required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes.
The value of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, and the value of the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the Collateral.
The Issuer's obligation to make payments on the Notes will be secured only by a first-priority pledge of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Issuer and, specifically, does not include a lien over physical assets (including Preemraff Lysekil or Preemraff Gothenburg, or any other assets generating cash) or a pledge over the outstanding shares of capital stock of Preem, our principal operating subsidiary. Because the outstanding capital stock of Preem, as well as a substantial portion of the assets of Preem, including Preem's refineries in Lysekil and Gothenburg as well as its inventory, insurance proceeds and trade receivables are pledged under the A&R Credit Facilities, if you are a holder of Notes, your ability to recover assets based on the value of the Share Pledge of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Issuer or any enforcement against the shares will be adversely affected to the extent creditors with claims against the shares of
45

Preem, or assets of Preem, including the refineries, enforce their security interest, which will reduce the value remaining in the pledged shares of the Issuer. In addition, upon an event of default under the Credit Facilities, the lenders may enforce any and all of their security interests, including their security interests in the capital stock of Preem, foreclose on Preem's refineries in Lysekil and Gothenburg and enforce other security interests. In each case, we may be unable to operate our business.
In the event of enforcement of the Collateral, the proceeds from the sale of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Notes. No appraisals of the Collateral have been prepared by us or on our behalf in connection with the offering of the Notes. The value of the Collateral and the amount to be received upon a sale of such Collateral will depend upon many factors, including, among others, market and economic conditions and the availability of buyers. The book value of the Collateral should not be relied upon as a measure of realizable value for such assets. The potentially illiquid nature of the Collateral may negatively impact its market value and may delay the ability to realize proceeds through enforcement. Consequently, liquidating the Collateral securing the Notes may not produce proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due on the Notes.
Under applicable law, a security interest in certain assets can only be properly perfected, and its priority retained, through certain actions undertaken by the secured party and/or the grantor of the security. The liens on the Collateral will not be perfected by the Issue Date of the Notes but will be perfected as soon as possible thereafter, and no later than 15 business days after the Issue Date. The liens on the Collateral that will be securing the Notes may not be perfected with respect to the claims of the Notes if we, or the Security Agent, fail or are unable to take the actions required to perfect any of these liens.
In order to create a valid security interest under Swedish law, the property subject to such security interest must fulfill the following criteria: (a) there must be an underlying debtor-creditor relationship in respect of the obligations which the security purports to secure; (b) the pledgor must grant the security interest, typically in the form of a pledge agreement; and (c) an act perfecting the security interest must take place. The method for perfection varies depending on the asset type. In the case of shares, the perfection of the pledge is achieved by transferring the share certificates to the possession of the pledgee. The pledgee is not entitled to vote for the shares but is, absent agreement to the contrary, entitled to any bonus shares and any new shares issued in rights issues. Unless the pledgee and the pledgor agree otherwise, the pledgor is entitled to all dividends until the bankruptcy date. The right to future dividends can, however, be pledged to the pledgee or to a third party.
A Swedish share pledge which has not been properly perfected does not constitute a validly existing security interest and may therefore not be relied upon in relation to third parties.
When a Swedish court shall determine whether a security interest over movable assets and contractual claims is perfected it will apply the law of the jurisdiction in which the relevant asset is located. Hence, Swedish substantive law will be applicable only if the relevant shares are located within the borders of Sweden.
The Trustee or the Security Agent will not monitor the acquisition of future property or rights that constitute Collateral or have any responsibility or obligation for the perfection of any security interest in favor of the Notes against third parties.
The Credit Facilities are secured by a pledge of all outstanding shares of capital stock of Preem, which could impair recovery under the Notes.
Preem's obligations under the Credit Facilities are secured by a pledge of all outstanding shares of capital stock of Preem. In the event of a default under the Credit Facilities, if the lenders enforce their security over these shares, the Issuer would no longer control its operating company or the Group and would lose the power to have dividends declared and paid to it. Were that to happen, we can make no assurances that we would be able to meet our obligations under the Notes.
46

Your ability to benefit from the Share Pledge of the Issuer may be limited due to security interests granted to lenders under the Credit Facilities and the principles regarding enforcement of collateral pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement.
The Issuer's obligation to make payments on the Notes will be secured only by a first priority pledge of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Issuer and, specifically, does not include a lien of the physical assets and which comprise Preemraff Lysekil or Preemraff Gothenburg, or any other assets generating cash, or a pledge over the outstanding shares of capital stock of Preem, our principal operating subsidiary. Because the outstanding capital stock of Preem as well as a substantial portion of the assets of Preem, including Preem's refineries in Lysekil and Gothenburg as well as its inventory, insurance proceeds and trade receivables are pledged under the Credit Facilities, if you are a holder of Notes, your ability to recover assets based on the value of the Share Pledge of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Issuer or any enforcement against the shares will be adversely affected to the extent creditors with claims against the shares of Preem, or assets of Preem, including the refineries, enforce their security interest, which will reduce the value remaining in the pledged shares of the Issuer. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent acting on behalf of the holders of the Notes, will be subject to a 30-day standstill period prior to the enforcement of the Collateral for the Notes from the date of notice regarding any event of default under the Indenture. The lenders under the Credit Facilities will be subject to a reciprocal 30 day standstill period prior to the enforcement of the pledge over the shares in Preem by such lenders. For further details, see ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--Intercreditor Agreement.'' In addition, upon an event of default under the Credit Facilities, the lenders may enforce any and all of their security interests, including to dispose of the capital stock of Preem, foreclose on Preem's refineries in Lysekil and Gothenburg and enforce other security interests. In each case, we may be unable to operate our business.
The security interests in the Collateral are not directly granted to the holders of the Notes.
The security interests in the Collateral that will secure the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are granted in favor of the Security Agent, the Trustee and each holder of the Notes (all as represented by the Security Agent). However, in accordance with the Indenture, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Notes, except through the Security Agent, who will (subject to the provisions of the Indenture) receive instructions from the Trustee, acting on instructions of at least 25% of the holder of Notes, in respect of the Collateral.
We are controlled by one shareholder whose interests as they relate to us may conflict w ith your interests.
All of the Issuer's share capital is wholly owned by Moroncha Holdings, and all of the share capital of Moroncha Holdings is owned by the Ultimate Shareholder, Mr. Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi. Our board of directors consists of designees of Moroncha Holdings, whose board of directors consists of designees of the Ultimate Shareholder. Mr. Al-Amoudi is also our Chairman of the Board of Directors as well as of our operating subsidiary, Preem. As a result, the Ultimate Shareholder indirectly controls our operations and has the power to approve any action requiring shareholder approval (including adopting amendments to our articles of association and approving mergers or sales of all or substantially all of our assets). It is possible that the interests of Moroncha Holdings and the Ultimate Shareholder may conflict with your interests as noteholders.
If we incur substantial operating losses or a reduction in the value of our assets, we may be subject to liquidation under Swedish law, which would severely restrict our ability to meet our debt obligations.
In light of the several possible risks to our business discussed herein, including our debt denominated in foreign currency, we may record losses that would reduce our share capital. To the extent these reductions are substantial, we would need to take measures to avoid compulsory liquidation under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). Such measures could include, among other things, raising more equity from Mr. Al-Amoudi, who is under no obligation to contribute more equity. Losses to our share capital may lead to our compulsory
47

liquidation under Swedish company law, which would constitute an event of default under the Indenture related to the 2017 Notes.
Under Swedish law, whenever a company's board of directors has a reason to assume that the company's equity is less than half of the registered share capital, the company's board of directors shall immediately prepare a special balance sheet (Sw; kontrollbalansrakning) and have the auditors examine it. The same obligation arises if the company in connection with enforcement pursuant to Chapter 4 of the Swedish Enforcement Code (Sw; Utsokningsbalken (1981:774)) is found to lack seizable assets satisfying the enforced claim in full.
If the special balance sheet shows that the equity of such company is less than half of the registered share capital, the board of directors shall, as soon as possible, issue notice for a general meeting which shall consider whether the company shall go into compulsory liquidation (initial general meeting for liquidation purposes). The special balance sheet and the auditor's report with respect thereto shall be presented at the initial general meeting.
If the special balance sheet presented at the initial general meeting fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, the equity of the company amounts to the registered share capital and the initial general meeting has not resolved that the company shall go into liquidation, the general meeting shall, within eight months of the initial general meeting for liquidation purposes, reconsider the issue whether the company shall go into liquidation (second general meeting for liquidation purposes). Prior to the second general meeting, the board of directors shall prepare a new special balance sheet and have such reviewed by the company's auditors. The new special balance sheet and the auditor's report thereon shall be presented at the second general meeting.
A court of general jurisdiction shall--upon request by certain parties (cf. below)--order that the company go into solvent liquidation where (i) a second general meeting for liquidation purposes is not held within the period of time stated above; or (ii) the new special balance sheet which was presented at the second general meeting for liquidation purposes was not reviewed by the company's auditor or fails to show that, on the date of such meeting, the equity of the company amounts to at least the registered share capital and the general meeting did not resolve that the company shall go into liquidation.
In such cases as referred to in the paragraph above, the board of directors shall petition the court for a liquidation order. The petition shall be submitted within two weeks from the second general meeting or, where such meeting has not been held, from the latest date on which the meeting should have been held. The issue of liquidation may also be considered upon petition by a member of the board of directors, the managing director, an auditor of the company or a shareholder.
Our Consolidated Financial Statements reflect negative equity on a consolidated basis for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, but it is the Issuer on a stand-alone basis that would be assessed under the Swedish rules regarding compulsory liquidation. The Issuer's equity was positive on December 31, 2015 and, as of February 29, 2016, an additional SEK 500 million equivalent was converted from Existing Shareholder Loans to shareholder contributions. The negative equity figure for the consolidated group was a result of exchange losses and interest costs at the Issuer level, in combination with the loss at the Preem level in 2014.
English insolvency laws differ from U.S. insolvency laws and your rights as our creditor may not be as strong under English insolvency laws, which, in the event of our insolvency, may result in your claims remaining unsatisfied.
We conduct some of our business on a regular basis in England and Wales. On that basis, an English court may conclude that we have a ''sufficient connection'' with the United Kingdom and will have the requisite jurisdiction to exercise its discretion as to whether it should sanction a scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (UK) pursuant to which we enter into a compromise or arrangement with is creditors. A scheme of arrangement is governed by English company law. English company law differs from U.S. company law and applicable U.S. bankruptcy laws, and your rights as our creditor may not be as strong under English company law as they may be under U.S. laws.
It is also possible that we could be held to have our ''center of main interest'' (''CoMI'') in the UK and to this extent, it may be able to pursue a company voluntary arrangement under Part I of
48

the Insolvency Act 1986. Moreover, the relevant English insolvency statutes empower English courts to make an administration order in respect of a company with its CoMI in England. An administration order can be made if the court is satisfied that the relevant company is or is likely to become ''unable to pay its debts'' and that the administration order is reasonably likely to achieve the purpose of administration. A company with its CoMI in England or the directors of such company may also appoint an administrator out of court, although the company must be unable to pay its debts at the time of such appointment. The purpose of an administration is comprised of three parts, which must be looked at successively: rescuing the company as a going concern or, if that is not reasonably practicable, achieving a better result for the company's creditors as a whole or, if neither of those objectives are reasonably practicable and the interests of the creditors as a whole are not unnecessarily harmed thereby, realizing property to make a distribution to secured or preferred creditors.
The rights of creditors, including secured creditors, are particularly curtailed in an administration. During the administration, no proceedings or other legal process may be commenced or continued against the Issuer, except with leave of the court or consent of the administrator. In particular, upon the appointment of an administrator, no step may be taken to enforce security over the company's property, except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court.
In addition, an administrator is given wide powers to conduct the business and, subject to certain requirements under the Insolvency Act 1986, dispose of the property of a company in administration.
However, the general prohibition against enforcement by secured creditors without consent of the administrator or leave of the Court, and the administrators' powers with respect to floating and other security, does not apply to any security interest created or arising under a financial collateral arrangement within the meaning of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations 2003 (UK). A financial collateral arrangement includes (subject to certain other conditions) a pledge over shares in a company, where both the collateral provider and collateral taker are non-natural persons.
Certain preferential claims, including unpaid contributions to occupational pension schemes in respect of the twelve month period prior to insolvency, and unpaid employees' remuneration in respect of the four month period prior to insolvency, will, while ranking behind the claims of holders of fixed security, rank ahead of floating charges under English insolvency law. In addition, a prescribed part of floating charge realizations (being 50% of the first 10,000 of net realizations and 20% of the net realizations hereafter, up to a maximum of 600,000) is required to be set aside for the benefit of unsecured creditors and, as such, ranks ahead of the relevant floating charge.
The English court may determine that it has jurisdiction to wind up the Issuer as an unregistered company provided that the English court is satisfied that there is no other more appropriate jurisdiction for the winding up to take place and there will be a reasonable benefit to the creditors from the winding up in the English jurisdiction. The winding up of a company by the English court would involve the appointment of a liquidator under the Insolvency Act 1986 (UK).
Under English insolvency law, a transaction entered into by a company may be invalid or voidable in certain circumstances. The liquidator of a company may, among other things, apply to the court to unwind a transaction entered into by a company, if such company were unable to pay its debts (as defined in Section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (UK)) at the time of, or as a result of, the transaction and enters into liquidation proceedings within two years of the completion of the transaction. A transaction might also be subject to a challenge in the following instances: (i) pursuant to Section 238 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (UK) if it was entered into by a company ''at an undervalue,'' that is, it involved a gift by the company, or the company received consideration of significantly less value than the benefit given by such company; and/or (ii) pursuant to Section 239 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (UK) if it could be said that the transaction constituted a ''preference.'' A company gives a preference to a person if (a) that person is one of the company's creditors or a surety or guarantor for any of such company's debts or other liabilities, and (b) that company does anything or suffers anything to be done which (in either case) has the effect of putting that person into a position which, in the event of a company going into insolvent liquidation, will be better than the position he would have been in if that thing had not been done.
49

A court generally will not intervene, however, if a company entered into the transaction in good faith for the purpose of carrying on its business, and that at the time it did so there were reasonable grounds for believing the transaction would benefit such company. We believe that the Notes will not be issued on terms that would amount to a transaction at an undervalue, and that the offering is in good faith for the purposes of carrying on our business, and that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the transaction will benefit us. We cannot assure you, however, that the issuance of the Notes will not be challenged by a liquidator or that a court would support our analysis.
Under English insolvency law, any interest accruing under or in respect of the Notes for any period from the date of commencement of liquidation proceedings could be recovered by holders of the Notes only from any surplus remaining after payment of all other debts proven in the liquidation.
Swedish insolvency laws differ from U.S. insolvency laws and your rights as our creditor may not be equally strong under Swedish insolvency laws, which, in the event of our insolvency, may result in your claims remaining unsatisfied.
In any main insolvency proceedings initiated in Sweden against us, the insolvency laws of Sweden would normally apply to the procedure, distribution of proceeds and ranking of claims etc. Under Swedish law, there is no consolidation in bankruptcies of the assets and liabilities of a group of companies. This means that subsidiaries are not automatically affected by a parent's bankruptcy. Moreover, even where subsidiaries would be declared in bankruptcy, each individual company would be managed separately by individual bankruptcy administrators appointed by the local district court having jurisdiction over the respective company. Consequently, our assets and those of our subsidiaries, including Preem, would first be used to satisfy the debts of us and each respective subsidiary. Only in the event of a surplus, the proceeds would benefit our parent company and the parent company's creditors. As a result, your ability to protect your interests as potential creditors may not be as strong under Swedish law as it would be under U.S. law.
Rules of recovery under Swedish law may protect other creditors to your disadvantage.
Under Swedish law relating to recovery, it is possible that payments under the Notes or granted securities could be voided as recoverable transactions. The overriding requirement for recovery is that the challenged transaction is to the detriment of either the debtor or one of the creditors.
Under Swedish law, in the case of bankruptcy or company reorganization proceedings affecting us, payments under the Notes (of principal or interest or otherwise) that are made less than three months before the application for bankruptcy or company reorganization proceedings are filed with the competent court may, in certain circumstances, be recovered if the payment is carried out:
 using unusual means of payment;
 prematurely; or
 in an amount that has caused a material deterioration of the debtor's financial position.
Payments that nonetheless are deemed to be customary, having regard to the circumstances, are, however, permissible. It should be noted that this recovery provision also applies to any set-off if the creditor would not be entitled to set-off in the debtor's bankruptcy. Should the creditor be considered to be closely related to the grantor, the relevant time period is less than two years before the application for bankruptcy or reorganization, but in that case the payment will be recovered unless it is shown that the grantor was not, or did not by that measure become, insolvent.
Further, any security granted may be recovered if (i) it was not provided for at the time the debt was created or if it was not transferred to the secured party without delay following the creation of such debt unless the security can nonetheless be considered ordinary having regard to the circumstances and (ii) it was transferred less than three months before the application for bankruptcy or reorganization. Should the secured party be considered to be closely related to the grantor, the relevant time period is less than two years before the application for bankruptcy or
50

reorganization, but in that case the security will be recovered unless it is shown that the grantor was not, or did not by that measure become, insolvent.
A recoverable transaction can also be deemed to have taken place under the general provision on recovery. According thereto, a payment under the Notes could be revoked if an agreement, transaction or other act, such as the issuance of the Notes is held to favor a creditor in an undue manner to the detriment of another creditor or to conceal property from the creditors or to increase the debt to the detriment of the creditors, provided that:
 the debtor was insolvent at the time the agreement, transaction or other act was concluded or the debtor became insolvent as a result of the transaction, by itself or combined with other circumstances; and
 the other party knew or should have known of the insolvency, as well as of the circumstances due to which the payment under the Notes favored a creditor in an undue manner.
If such an agreement, transaction or other act is concluded more than five years before the application for bankruptcy or company reorganization was filed, the payment under the Notes could be revoked only if the party to the agreement, transaction or other act was someone related to the bankrupt or reorganized party, such as a group company.
Because the Issuer is a Swedish company, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process or enforce judgments against it or any of its executive officers or directors.
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Sweden and none of the Issuer's or Preem's directors and executive officers are residents of the United States. Furthermore, a substantial portion of the Group's assets and of the assets of such persons are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer, any of its subsidiaries, including Preem or those persons, or to enforce the judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws against the Issuer, any of its subsidiaries, including Preem, or those persons. We have been advised by our Swedish counsel that the United States and Sweden are not currently bound by a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments. According to such counsel, an enforceable judgment for the payment of monies rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the U.S. securities laws, would not be automatically enforceable in Sweden.
Cypriot insolvency laws differ from U.S. insolvency laws and your rights against Moroncha Holdings may not be as strong under Cypriot insolvency laws, which, in the event of Moroncha Holdings' insolvency, may result in your claims remaining unsatisfied.
Moroncha Holdings, the parent company of the Issuer, is a private company limited by shares, incorporated under the laws of Cyprus. Moroncha Holdings is in law a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries and its parent and is not liable for the debts incurred by a member of the Group unless and to the extent it has secured such debts or if it has participated in the conduct of the subsidiary's business with intent to defraud its creditors within the meaning of the companies law applicable to Cyprus (''Cyprus Companies Law'').
The holders of the Notes take the risk that Moroncha Holdings might be wound up (declared insolvent). In the event of a Cyprus company's insolvency, persons in whose favor the company has pledged the shares it owns in other companies will (subject to issues related to fraudulent preferences) be secured creditors of the company and will have priority against unsecured creditors, provided that the pledge has been validly constituted and registered with the Registry Office in Cyprus against Moroncha Holdings. Subject to the qualifications set out below, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against a Cyprus entity will not affect the validity of the security granted by it to the creditor (secured creditor), and the secured creditor will be entitled to preferential satisfaction, but only out of the proceeds of the realization of the security interest. Ordinary creditors (other than secured creditors) shall have no right or priority in the proceeds emanating from the realization of the secured interest except where there is a balance after the satisfaction of the debt of the secured creditor. Non-secured creditors with preferential debts,
51

being ordinary creditors whose debts are specified in Sections 202AF and 300 of the Cyprus Companies Law, shall have priority over other unsecured liabilities.
Under Section 202AF of the Cyprus Companies Law, the costs and expenses of an examiner of an insolvent company who is appointed by the court pursuant to Section 202A of the Cyprus Companies Law, shall be paid in priority to all other debts of that company. Also liabilities certified as being properly incurred by the insolvent company to which an examiner has been appointed shall be paid in full in priority before any other claim including winding up expenses and the remuneration of any liquidator, including a claim secured by a floating charge but after any claim secured by any other encumbrance of a fixed nature or a pledge under any compromise or scheme of arrangement or in any receivership or winding up of the company.
Under Section 300 of the Cyprus Companies Law, the following debts shall be paid in priority to all other debts of an insolvent company (other than costs and expenses of the liquidation, including the liquidator's remuneration):
 local rates and government taxes and dues from the company;
 wages or salary due to persons in the employment of the company;
 compensation payable by the company to its employees for personal injuries sustained in the course of their employment; and
 accrued holiday remuneration becoming payable to the employees of the company.
Moreover, under the Cyprus Companies Law, any conveyance, charge, pledge, mortgage, delivery of goods, payment, execution or other transaction relating to company property made or done by or against a Cyprus company within six months before the commencement of its winding up by a court shall be deemed a fraudulent preference and be invalid, provided that the main purpose of the company was to prefer a particular creditor over other creditors and the transaction was voluntary. The transaction will be deemed to be fraudulent regardless of whether any moral blame attaches to the company. The risks of a transaction being invalidated as a fraudulent preference are greater where the transaction is made without any consideration or any pressure from the creditor sought to be preferred or is not commercially beneficial to the company. If the company is being wound up, the liquidator may challenge the payment or other transaction as fraudulent and unenforceable and seek to recover the payment made to the preferred creditor/ invalidate the transaction.
Under the Cyprus Companies Law, in a winding up of a company by the Court, any disposition of the property of the company, including shares in other companies and things in action made after the commencement of the winding up shall, unless the Court otherwise orders, be void. Where a company is being wound up by the Court, any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution put in force against the estate or effects of the company, including shares in other companies, after the commencement of the winding up shall be void to all intents. When a winding up order has been made or a provisional liquidator has been appointed in respect of a Cyprus company, no action or proceeding shall be proceeded with or commenced against the company except by leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose.
Because Moroncha Holdings is a Cyprus company, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process or enforce judgments against it or its director.
Moroncha Holdings is incorporated under the laws of Cyprus as a holding company. Its assets consist of shareholdings in subsidiaries which are located outside the United States and its sole director is not a resident of the United States. As a result it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon Moroncha Holdings or its director, or to enforce judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws against Moroncha Holdings. We have been advised by our Cyprus counsel that the United States and Cyprus are not currently bound by a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. According to such counsel, an enforceable judgment for the payment of monies rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the U.S. securities laws, would not directly be enforceable in Cyprus.
52

You may face foreign exchange risks by investing in the Notes.
The Notes are denominated and payable in euro and krona, respectively. If you measure your investment returns by reference to a currency other than euro and krona, as the case may be, an investment in the Notes will entail foreign exchange related risks due to, among other factors, possible significant changes in the value of the currency of the Notes relative to the currency by reference to which you measure the return on your investments, because of economic, political and other factors over which we have no control. Depreciation of the currency of the Notes against the currency by reference to which you measure the return on your investments could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Notes below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss to you when the return on the Notes is translated into the currency by reference to which you measure the return on your investments. There may be tax consequences for you as a result of any foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from an investment in the Notes.
If an active trading market does not develop for the Notes, you may not be able to resell them.
We cannot assure you as to:
 the liquidity of any market in the Notes;
 your ability to sell your Notes; or
 the prices at which you would be able to sell your Notes.
Future trading prices for the Notes will depend on many factors, including, among other things, prevailing interest rates, our operating results and the market for similar securities. Historically, the market for non-investment grade securities has been subject to disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in the prices of securities similar to the Notes. The liquidity of a trading market for the Notes may be adversely affected by a general decline in the market for similar securities and is subject to disruptions that may cause volatility in prices. The trading market for the Notes may attract different investors, and this may affect the extent to which the Notes may trade. The market for the Notes may be subject to disruptions. Any such disruption may have a negative effect on you, as a holder of the Notes, regardless of our prospects and financial performance. As a result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all.
Although the Notes are being listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market, we cannot assure you that the Notes will remain listed. Although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of the admission to trading on the Euro MTF market, the delisting (whether or not for an alternative admission to listing on another stock exchange) of the Notes from the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may have a material effect on a holder's ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market.
The Notes w ill initially be held in book-entry form, and therefore you must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing systems to exercise any rights and remedies.
The Notes will initially only be issued in global form and held by, or on behalf of a Common Depositary (as defined herein) for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable.
Interests in the global notes will trade in book-entry form only, and the Notes in definitive registered form (''Definitive Notes''), will be issued in exchange for book-entry interests only in very limited circumstances. Owners of book-entry interests will not be considered owners of the Notes. The Common Depositary, or its nominee, for Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, will be the sole registered holders of the global notes representing the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and other amounts owing on or in respect of the global notes representing the Notes will be made to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as Paying Agent, which will make payments to Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. Thereafter, these payments will be credited to participants' accounts that hold book-entry interests in the global notes representing the Notes and credited by such participants to indirect participants. After payment to the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, none of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee or the Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability for the payment of interest,
53

principal or other amounts to the owners of book-entry interests. Accordingly, if you own a book-entry interest, you must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, and if you are not a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, on the procedures of the participant through which you own your interest, to exercise any rights and obligations of a holder of the Notes under the Indenture.
Unlike the registered holders of the Notes themselves, owners of book-entry interests will not have the direct right to act upon our solicitations for consents, requests for waivers or other actions from holders of the Notes. Instead, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be permitted to act only to the extent you have received appropriate proxies to do so from Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable. The procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies may not be sufficient to enable you to vote on a timely basis.
Similarly, upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Indenture, unless and until definitive registered Notes are issued in respect of all book-entry interests, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be restricted to acting through Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. The procedures to be implemented through Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, may not be adequate to ensure the timely exercise of rights under the Notes. See ''Book-Entry, Settlement and Clearance.''
The Issuer intends to take the position that none of the Notes are ''contingent payment debt instruments" for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but there is no assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service w ill agree with this treatment.
Although the issue is not free from doubt, the Issuer intends to take the position that: (i) each series of Notes provides for payments under alternative payment schedules, of which the stated payment schedule (that is, the schedule under which no PIK Interest is paid and such Notes remain outstanding until their maturity dates) is significantly more likely than not to occur; (ii) holders subject to U.S. federal income taxation are entitled to account for all Notes using a payment schedule in which all interest payments are assumed to be paid in cash, and (iii) none of the Notes are subject to the Treasury regulations governing contingent payment debt instruments. The Issuer's determination that the Notes are not contingent payment debt instruments is not binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. If the U.S. Internal Revenue Service takes a contrary position, holders subject to U.S. federal income taxation may be required to accrue interest income on the relevant Notes based upon a higher yield, and any gain on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of such Notes would generally be recharacterized as ordinary income. See ''Tax Considerations--U.S. Federal Income Taxation--Additional Payments, Etc.''
U.S. Holders w ill be required to accrue original issue discount on the Notes regardless of their regular method of tax accounting.
Because interest on the Notes is not unconditionally payable in cash at least annually, the Notes will be considered to be issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Holders subject to U.S. federal income taxation generally will be required to include their pro rata shares of such original issue discount in gross income as it accrues on a constant yield basis, regardless of their regular method of tax accounting and whether or not they receive cash payments of interest on the Notes on the scheduled interest payment dates. See ''Tax Considerations--U.S. Federal Income Taxation--Original Issue Discount.''
The European Union Savings Directive may require withholding taxes to be imposed for some holders of the Notes.
On June 3, 2003, the European Council of Economics and Finance Ministers adopted Directive 2003/48/EC on the Taxation of Savings Income in the Form of Interest Payments (the ''Savings Directive''). Under the Savings Directive, each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest, premium or other debt income made by a ''paying agent'' located within its jurisdiction to or for the benefit of an individual resident in that other Member State or to certain limited types of entities. However, for a transitional period, Austria is required instead to withhold tax at a rate of thirty-five (35) per cent on interest payments, unless the relevant beneficial owner properly elects that certain provision of
54

information procedures should be applied instead. A number of non-EU countries and dependent or associated territories have adopted similar measures based on the Savings Directive (see ''Tax Considerations--Savings Directive'').
By a Directive adopted on November 10, 2015, the Council of the European Union repealed the Savings Directive generally for payments made after December 31, 2015. Austria's requirement to withhold tax under the Savings Directive, however, will continue for most interest payments made through the end of December 31, 2016. Pursuant to ''Description of Notes--Withholding Taxes,'' if a payment were to be made or collected through Austria and an amount of, or in respect of, tax is withheld from that payment, neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent nor any other person would be obliged to pay Additional Amounts (as defined under ''Description of Notes'') with respect to any Note as a result of the imposition of such withholding tax. The Issuer will, to the extent possible, use reasonable efforts to maintain a Paying Agent in a Member State other than Austria until December 31, 2016.
If the proposed European Union financial transactions tax |''FTT") is implemented it could increase costs related to trading the Notes.
The European Commission published proposals on September 28, 2011 and February 14, 2013, outlining a Directive for a common FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain (the ''Participating Member States''). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate in subsequent negotiations. The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt from the FTT.
Under current proposals the FTT will, under specific circumstances, apply to persons both within and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes when at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. Thus, a financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, ''established'' in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. Joint statements issued by certain of the Participating Member States indicate an intention to reach an agreement on the FTT by mid-2016. However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between Participating Member States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate, and some Participating Member States may decide not to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
The transfer of the Notes is restricted, which may affect the value of the Notes.
The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any jurisdiction and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable laws. The Issuer has not undertaken any registration rights in respect of the Notes. You should read the discussions in ''Notice to Investors'' for further information about these and other transfer restrictions. It is your obligation to ensure that your offers and sales of Notes comply with applicable law.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, are not recommendations to buy or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time.
One or more independent credit rating agencies will assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time of the credit rating assigned to the Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of our financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of the Notes.
55

USE OF PROCEEDS
The proceeds from the Notes, net of the Initial Purchasers' discounts and the expenses of the offering, are estimated to be equivalent to approximately $676 million. We will use the funds received to redeem all of the outstanding 2017 Notes (all of which are to our knowledge held by non-affiliated third parties). The amount outstanding under the 2017 Notes as of March 31, 2016 will consist of principal and accrued but unpaid interest aggregating to 257 million with respect to the euro denominated 2017 Notes and principal and accrued but unpaid interest aggregating to $320 million with respect to the dollar denominated 2017 Notes (a total equivalent to approximately $613 million at March 31, 2016). The 2017 Notes are redeemable at par, have a maturity date of December 31, 2017, and accrue pay-in-kind interest at a rate of 15.0% per annum. We estimate that amounts remaining after application of the net proceeds described above will be equivalent to approximately $63 million, which will be retained by the Issuer in a segregated account for the purpose of making cash interest payments on the Notes. This account is not an escrow account, however, and therefore such funds will not be insulated from other creditors of the Issuer. Payments of interest in cash in excess of this amount will require funding from other sources. Actual amounts will vary from the estimated amounts depending on several factors, including, without limitation, exchange rates, differences from the estimated transaction expenses and the actual closing date. Any changes in these assumed amounts will affect the amount of cash retained in the segregated account for the purpose of making cash interest payments on the notes.

Sources of funds

Sin

Uses of funds

S(1)

Gross proceeds of the Notes......... . . . . 701 Repayment of the 2017 N otes......... . . . 613(2) Transaction expenses...................... . . . 25 Retained ca sh ................................... . . . 63

Total sources ................................ . . . . 701 Total uses ......................................... . . . 701

(1) A p p ro x im a te d o lla r e q u iv a le n t a m o u n ts in m illio n , u sin g exch a ng e rates o f $1=SEK 8.1472 and 1=$1.1390 (the resp e ctive e xch a ng e rates as o f M arch 31, 2016). T his tra n s la tio n is p ro v id e d s o le ly fo r y o u r co n ve n ie n ce .
(2) Represents th e e stim a te d p rin cip a l a m o u n t o u tsta n d in g u n d er th e 2017 Notes in clu d in g accrued in te re st th e reon assum ing date o f repaym ent o f the 2017 Notes fo r purposes o f th is section is M arch 31, 2016.

56

CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets out our consolidated capitalization on (a) an actual basis as of December 31, 2015, (b) an actual basis as of March 31, 2016, and (c) an adjusted basis, as of March 31, 2016, assuming that all elements of the Transactions have been completed. The presentation of our consolidated capitalization as of March 31, 2016, on both an actual and an adjusted basis, (i) is based on preliminary financial information, as derived from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change and (ii) uses the March 31, 2016 exchange rates provided in ''Exchange Rate Information.'' You should read this table in conjunction with ''Summary Consolidated Financial Information,'' ''Selected Consolidated Financial Data,'' ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, which are included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Except as reflected below, there have not been material changes to our capitalization since December 31, 2015.

Revolving Credit Facility(4).5................... Term Loan ................................................ Overdraft fa c ility ...................................... Other interest bearing liabilities . . . . Total financial third party debt at Preem Old 2017 PIK N o te s ................................. Notes offered h e r e b y ............................ Total financial third party d e b t ............... Subordinated Shareholder D e b t.......... Total aggregate d e b t ................................ Total e q u it y .............................................. Total indebtedness and e q u it y ...............

As of December 31, 2015111

As of March 31, 2016111

Actual SEK  $131

Actual121 SEK 12(3) $(3)

As Adjusted SEK (3) $(3)

(in million)

(in million)

6,451 706 772 3,844 416 472 3,844 416 472

836 92 100 554 60 68 554 60 68

135 15 16 251 27 31 251 27 31

22

2

3

18

2

2

18

2

2

7,444 8 15 891 4,667 506 573 4,667 506 573

4,841 530 580 4,994 541 613

------

--

----

-- -- -- 5,789 624 711

12,285 1,345 1,471 9,661 1,047 1,186 10,456 1,129 1,283

6,025 660 721 5,567 603 683 5,567 603 683

18,310 2,004 2,192 15,228 1,650 1,869 16,023 1,732 1,967

(1,679) (184) (201) (781) (85) (96) (781) (85) (96)

16,631 1,821 1,991 14,447 1,565 1,773 15,242 1,647 1,871

(1) A ll fig u re s in clu d e d in th is c o n s o lid a te d c a p ita liz a tio n ta b le are e x c lu d in g ca p ita lize d tra n s a c tio n costs.
(2) The ''A c tu a l'' co lu m n s as o f M arch 31, 2016, are based on p re lim in a ry fin a n cia l in fo rm a tio n as o f M arch 31, 2016, derived fro m our pre lim in a ry m anagem ent accounts th a t have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and w h ic h are, th e re fo re , su b je ct to ch a n ge , and use th e M arch 31, 2016 e xch a ng e rates p ro v id e d in ''E xch a n g e Rate In fo rm a tio n '' and as fu rth e r detailed in fo o tn o te 3 below.
(3) U n a u d ite d tra n s la tio n s to e u ro s and d o lla rs in respect o f th e ''A c tu a l'' c o lu m n s as o f D e ce m b e r 31, 2015 p ro vid e d solely fo r convenience by tran sla tin g kronor into euro at the rate of 1.00=SEK 9.135 and kronor into dollars at the rate of $1.00=SEK 8.3524 (the respective exchange rates on Decem ber 31, 2015). U naudited tran sla tio n s to euros and d o lla rs in respect o f the ''A c tu a l'' c o lu m n s as o f M arch 31, 2016 and th e ''A s A d ju s te d '' co lu m n s as o f M arch 31,2016, provided so lely fo r convenience by tran sla tin g kronor into euro at the rate of 1.00=SEK 9.2323 and kronor into dollars at th e rate o f $1.00=SEK 8.1472 (the respective exchange rates on M arch 31, 2016).
(4) R evolving c re d it fa c ility values presented do n o t in clu d e letters o f cre d it, w h ich as o f M arch 31, 2016 w ere approxim ately $36 m illion.
(5) O th e r in te re st b e a rin g lia b ilitie s is c o m p ris e d o f bank o v e rd ra ft fa c ilitie s (as p a rt o f th e 2011 C re dit F a cility a n d , a fte r consum m ation o f the Transactions, the A&R Credit Facility), pension liabilities and deposits.

57

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
The tables below present the selected consolidated historical financial information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, which have been derived from the Issuer's audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto, prepared in accordance with IFRS and included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
You should read the data below together with the information included under the headings ''Summary Consolidated Financial Data,'' ''Risk Factors,'' ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,'' along with the Issuer's audited Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Consolidated Balance Sheet Information:

Cash and cash e q u iv a le n ts ..................... Total ta n g ib le fixe d assets, net .............. Total assets .................................................. Total fin a n cia l th ird p a rty d eb t 111(41. . . . Total financial current third p arty debt
(21(41............................................................... Total financial long-term third party
d eb t (31(41.................................................... S u b o rd in a te d S h a re h o ld e r D eb t (41 . . . . Total n o n -fin a n cia l d e b t............................. Total d eb t (51.................................................. S h a re h o ld e rs' e q u it y .................................

2011 SEK
355 8,958 30,445 12,133
439
11,694 5,504
11,221 28,858
1,587

2012 SEK
646 8,503 29,267 13,661
1,428
12,233 5,558 6,654
25,873 3,393

As of December 31,

2013

2014

2015

SEK

SEK

(in m illio n )

SEK

2,580 1,123

422

8,836 8,536 8,546

31,400 25,343 21,669

15,358 14,984 12,285

2015
 (')
46 936 2,372 1,345

2015
$ (1)
51 1,023 2,594 1,470

1,819 1,561 7,444 815 891

13,539 5,985 8,754
30,097 1,304

13,423 6,313 6,510
27,807 (2,4641

4,841 6,025 5,038 23,348 (1,6791

530 660 552 2,556 (1841

580 721 603 2,795 (2011

58

Consolidated Income Statement Information:

Net sales ..................................... . . Excise d u tie s ............................... . . Sales re v e n u e ............................. . . Cost o f g oo ds s o l d .................. . . Gross p r o fit/( lo s s ) ..................... . . S ellin g e x p e n s e s ........................ . . A dm inistrative expenses . . . . . . O ther o p e ra tin g in c o m e .......... . . Other operating expenses . . . . . O perating p r o fit/( lo s s ) ............. . . Interest in c o m e .......................... . . O ther fin a n cia l inco m e 5(46). . . . . . Interest e x p e n s e ........................ . . O ther fin a n cia l expense (7) . . . . . Profit/(Loss) before taxes . . . . . . Incom e taxes ............................. . . Net p ro fit/( lo s s ) .......................... . .

2011 SEK
101,747 (10,193) 91,554 (89,470)
2,084 (716) (497) 409 (306) 974 173 11
(1,498) (488) (828) 211 (617)

2012 SEK
114,947 (9,859)
105,089 (101,514)
3,575 (694) (559) 447
--
2,770 175 (9)
(1,366) 712
2,283 (411) 1,872

Year Ended December 31,

2013

2014

2015

SEK

SEK

SEK

(in million)

89,399 (9,993) 79,405 (78,825)

94,170 (9,733) 84,438 (85,214)

75,826 (9,820) 66,006 (61,620)

581

(777) 4,386

(744)

(761)

(797)

(453)

(511)

(746)

409

350

351

--

--

(208) (1,699)

-- 3,193

168

168

164

5

34

52

(1,366) (1,516) (1,574)

(1,098) (2,499)
336 (2,163)

(2,987) (5,999) 1,207 (4,792)

(1,855) (20)
(250) (270)

2015  (')
8,301 (1,075) 7,226 (6,745)
480 (87) (82) 38 -- 350 18
6 (172) (203)
(2) (27) (30)

2015 $ (1)
9,078 (1,176) 7,903 (7,378)
525 (95) (89) 42 -- 382 20
6 (188) (222)
(2) (30) (32)

(1) Total fin a n cia l th ird p a rty debt consists o f to ta l fin a n cia l c u rre n t th ird p a rty debt and to ta l fin a n cia l lo n g -te rm th ird p a rty d e b t (w h ich , in each case, e xclu d e s S u b o rd in a te d S h a re h o ld e r D ebt). Total fin a n c ia l th ird p a rty d e b t is n o t an IFRS m easure.
(2) Total fin a n cia l c u rre n t th ird p a rty debt represents to ta l c u rre n t debt e xclu d in g S u b o rd in a te d S h a re ho ld e r Debt. Total c u rre n t d e b t rep re se n ts d e b t th a t is due w ith in tw e lv e m o n th s. For th e p e rio d s e n ded D ece m b e r 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, all o f th e Issuer's to ta l fin a n c ia l c u rre n t th ird p a rty d e b t co n siste d o f d ra w in g s u n d e r th e 2011 C re d it Facility. In the Issuer's co n so lid a te d fin a n cia l statem ents, to ta l cu rre n t d e b t is represented under cu rre n t lia b ilitie s as ''B o rr o w in g .'' Total fin a n c ia l c u rre n t th ird p a rty d e b t is n o t an IFRS m easure.
(3) Total fin a n cia l lo n g -te rm th ird p a rty d e b t represents to ta l lo n g -te rm debt e xclu d in g S u b o rd in a te d S h a re ho ld e r Debt. Total lo n g -te rm debt represents th e sum o f the fig u re s represented under n o n -cu rre n t lia b ilitie s as ''B o rro w in g '' in the Issuer's c o n s o lid a te d fin a n c ia l sta te m e n ts and is net o f tra n s a c tio n expenses. Total fin a n c ia l lo n g -te rm th ird p a rty d e b t is n o t an IFRS fin a n c ia l m easure.
(4) S u b o rd in a te d S h a re ho ld e r Debt, in th e Issuer's co n so lid a te d fin a n cia l state m e n ts, is represented by ''B o n d loans s h a re h o ld e r in EUR ,'' ''B o n d loans sh a re h o ld e r in U S D ,'' ''S h a re h o ld e r lo a n s s u b o rd in a te d in EUR '' and ''S h a re h o ld e r loans s u b o rd in a te d in U S D .''
(5) Total debt consists o f to ta l fin a n cia l th ird p a rty debt, S u b o rd in a te d S h a re h o ld e r Debt and to ta l n o n -fin a n cia l debt.
(6) O ther fin a n cia l in co m e includes exchange rate gains and m isce lla n eo u s fin a n cia l incom e.
(7) O ther fin a n cia l expense includes exchange rate losses and m isce lla n eo u s expenses.

59

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following is a discussion and analysis o f our results o f operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. The discussions regarding our results of operations are based, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited Consolidated Financial Statements.
We have prepared these consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. The following analysis contains forward-looking statements about our future revenue, operating results and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result o f numerous factors, including the risks discussed in ''Risk Factors'' and elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Overview of the Business
We are the largest oil refining company in the Nordic Region by production capacity with two technologically advanced refineries and a leading fuel distribution and retail network in Sweden. Preemraff Lysekil, one of our refineries, is the largest refinery by production capacity in the Nordic Region with production capacity of 220,000 bbl/day mainly for export outside of Sweden. Preemraff Lysekil consistently ranks in the first or second quartile of European refineries according to Wood Mackenzie. Preemraff Gothenburg, our other refinery, has production capacity of approximately 125,000 bbl/day with a focus on producing ultra-low sulfur diesel and gasoline that meet stringent Swedish environmental standards mainly for use in Sweden and the United Kingdom. Both refineries are located on the western Swedish coast with integrated harbors which are large enough to accept VLCCs, providing advantageous access to North Sea and Ural crude oil supplies. In addition, we have an extensive fuel distribution and retail network in Sweden, consisting of 341 Preem-branded service stations and 165 Saifa-branded diesel truck stops.
We believe the energy and environmental efficiency levels achieved at our Preemraff Lysekil refinery are among the most competitive compared to those achieved at other European integrated refineries. We further believe that the higher environmental quality low-sulfur diesel refined at our Preemraff Gothenburg refinery has the highest proportion of renewably sourced content on the Swedish market compared to other conventional diesel. In comparison to other European integrated refineries, we believe that we also benefit from close access to demand centers in northwestern Europe and a stable home market with high barriers to entry.
The Ultimate Shareholder, Mohammed Al-Amoudi, acquired our business in 1994. Mr. Al-Amoudi was ranked by Forbes as the 138th richest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of $8.3 billion as of March 31, 2016. He has demonstrated his continued commitment to the business, including by further extending the subordination and maturity of the Subordinated Shareholder Debt in connection with the Transactions. He has made additional contributions to the Issuer of SEK 6,025 million (equivalent to approximately $721 million or 660 million using the SEK:$ and SEK: exchange rates as of December 31, 2015 provided in ''Exchange Rate Information'') as of December 31, 2016 via shareholder loans and contributions to equity since 2010. On February 29, 2016, an additional SEK 500 million was converted from an Existing Shareholder Loan to a shareholder's contribution. This is in addition to the Ultimate Shareholder's ownership of the Existing Shareholder Notes. In addition to improving our capitalization, a portion of these funds have been invested in our refinery assets to further advance our position as a sustainable and profitable downstream energy company in a market responding to increasing environmental standards.
Key Factors Affecting Results of Operations
Our results of operations during the periods under consideration have been primarily affected by the following factors.
Refining margins
Oil refineries measure the financial performance of their operations by their margins. A refinery's sales revenue depends on refined product prices, currency fluctuations and throughput,
60

which is a function of refining capacity and utilization. The cyclicality of refined product prices results in high volatility of sales revenue. Consequently, sales revenue, viewed alone, is not indicative of an oil refining company's results. Earnings and cash flow from refining are largely driven by gross and net margins, and a successful refinery strives to maintain its profit margins from year to year, notwithstanding fluctuations in the prices of crude oil and refined products. See ''Business--Supply and Refining Operations--Raw Materials'' and ''--Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Commodity Price Risk'' elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
For the methodology on how we calculate our various margins, such as gross refining margin and business margin, see ''Presentation of Financial Information.''
Our refining margins are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including the supply of and demand for crude oil and refined products, which, in turn, depend on a variety of other factors. See ''Risk Factors--Risks related to our Business--Prices for crude oil and refined products are subject to rapid and substantial volatility which may adversely affect our margins and our ability to obtain necessary crude oil supply.'' These and other factors beyond our control are likely to play an important role in refining industry economics.
The following table shows the calculation of margins for Preemraff Lysekil and Preemraff Gothenburg for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. In accordance with industry practice, the margins are expressed in dollars per barrel.

Preemraff Lysekil Gross refining margin $ /b b l...................... ............. Variable refining costs $ /b b l...................... ............. Refining margin $/bbl................................ ............. Timing effects $ /b b l................................... ............. Business margin $ /b b l.............................. ............. Sales other $/bbl (1) ................................... ............. Fixed expenses excl. depr. $ /b b l............... ............. Net cash business margin, $/bbl............... ............. Depreciation $ /b b l..................................... ............. Net margin, $ /b b l....................................... ............. Total feedstock (1,000 barrels) ................. ............. Preemraff Gothenburg Gross refining margin $ /b b l...................... ............. Variable refining costs $ /b b l...................... ............. Refining margin $/bbl................................ ............. Timing effects $ /b b l................................... ............. Business margin $ /b b l.............................. ............. Sales other $/bbl (1) ................................... ............. Fixed expenses excl. depr $ /b b l............... ............. Net cash business margin, $/bbl............... ............. Depreciation $ /b b l..................................... ............. Net margin, $ /b b l....................................... ............. Total feedstock (1,000 barrels) ................. .............

Year Ended Decem ber 31,

2013

2014

% Change

2015

% Change

(in d o lla rs per barrel, e xce p t % change and to ta l feedstock)

4.52 (0.86) 3.67 0.33 4.00 0.48 (2.05) 2.42 (1.30) 1.12 57,760

5.41 (0.68) 4.73 0.13 4.86 0.29 (1.44) 3.71 (1.02) 2.69 76,487

20% 7.86 (20)% (0.53) 29% 7.33 (61)% 0.17 22% 7.51 (40)% 0.21 (30)% (1.24) 53% 6.47 (21)% (0.80) 140% 5.67 32% 78,734

45% (22)% 55% 31% 55% (28)% (14)% 74% (22)% 111%
3%

2.77 (0.52) 2.24 0.33 2.57 0.30 (1.35) 1.52 (0.95) 0.57 38,834

2.84 (0.47) 2.37 0.13 2.50 0.19 (1.45) 1.24 (1.03) 0.21 35,245

3% 5.18 (10)% (0.44)
6% 4.74 (61)% 0.17
(3)% 4.91 (37)% 0.11
7% (1.15) (19)% 3.88
8% (0.83) (63)% 3.05
(9)% 40,927

82% (6)% 100% 31% 96% (42)% (21)% 213% (19)% 1,352% 16%

(1) Sales o th e r consists o f in co m e fro m storage ticke ts sold to o th e r o il co m p a n ie s, h a rb o r dues and th e sale o f excess heat to th e m u n icip a litie s o f G othenburg and Lysekil.
In 2014, the global demand for refined products rose one per cent compared to 2013 according to data from International Energy Agency. Global oil demand growth appears to have gradually gained momentum in the 18 months to December 31, 2014, driven by economic recovery in the developed world. According to Wood Mackenzie, initial data for the year ended December 31, 2015 already indicates an increase in global oil demand; a trend which they believe will continue throughout 2015. The margin environment for European refineries has also significantly

61

improved, reaching record highs in July 2015. Wood Mackenzie does not expect that refining margins will be sustainable at this level and will be structurally lower during 2016.
In the year ended December 31, 2015, our refining margins increased by $2.6/bbl to $7.33/bbl at Preemraff Lysekil and increased by $2.37/bbl to $4.74/bbl at Preemraff Gothenburg as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. In 2014, our refining margins increased by $1.06/bbl to $4.73/bbl at Preemraff Lysekil and increased by $0.13/bbl to $2.37/bbl at Preemraff Gothenburg as compared to 2013. In the beginning of 2014 availability at our refineries was reduced due to maintenance activities at Preemraff Lysekil and the HPU Incident (as defined below). In addition, product cracks were under pressure, especially during May and June of 2014 due to the high utilization of United States' refineries and European diesel imports from Russia and the United States.
During the second half of 2014, availability at our refineries was significantly improved and our refining margins strengthened. The stronger margins are mainly explained by strong product ''crack'' spreads (which are intercommodity spreads based on the difference between the price of our product slate and the price of input crude oil) in relation to crude oil differentials that were under pressure.
Price effect on inventories and margins
The value of our inventories of crude oil and refined products is impacted by the effects of fluctuations in the market prices for crude oil and refined products, although the physical volume of our inventories remains relatively stable over time. To the extent that crude oil and refined product prices fall in tandem, our gross profit would generally be negatively affected because we compute the gross profit as the excess of sales revenue (determined at the time of sale) over the cost of goods sold (determined using the first-in-first-out accounting principle). Conversely, a portion of the gross profit that we would record during a period of increasing prices may be attributable solely to the increase in refined product prices during the period after we buy the crude oil and prior to the time we sell the refined product. Therefore, for any given valuation date, we value our inventory at the lower of the acquisition cost using the first-in-first-out accounting principle and the actual value. Subsequent movements in the price of the refined product will have a corresponding impact on our gross profit.
Refined product price changes often lag behind crude oil price changes. During periods of falling crude oil prices our gross profit margins may increase, depending on the rate and the duration of the crude oil price decrease and the degree to which crude oil prices drop more than refined product prices. For example, due to this effect, the profitability of refining operations significantly increased during the last six months of 2014. During periods of increasing crude oil prices, we believe that we experience the opposite effects.
During periods of falling crude oil prices, the cost of replenishing our crude oil inventories and, thus, our working capital requirements similarly decrease and vice versa.
We believe that, although the price effect on inventories may impact our results for a given period, over the long-term, the effects of rising and falling oil prices tend to offset each other. In addition, we believe that, from a cash flow perspective, the effects of rising and falling oil prices on gross profit and working capital tend to offset each other to an extent. In comparing our results from period to period, we believe that it is important to note that these price effects on inventories are unrelated to, and do not reflect, the underlying efficiency of the refineries. We strive to control the impact on our profitability of the volatility in feedstock costs and refined product prices. See ''Business--Supply and Refining Operations--Raw Materials'' and ''--Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Commodity Price Risk.''
62

Both the crude oil market and the refined products markets are volatile. The table below reflects the generally correlative price effect between the change in dollar per barrel price of Dated Brent Crude for the periods indicated with our gain or loss on inventory value for the same period:

P e rio d
Year ended December 31, 2 0 15 ........................ ...................... Year ended December 31, 2 0 1 4 ........................ ...................... Year ended December 31, 2 0 1 3 ........................ ......................

Dated Brent Crude Approxim ate
$ price per barrel, at

S tart of P e rio d

End of P e rio d

54.98 35.74 108.02 54.98 113.42 110.28

Approxim ate G a in /(L o s s ) on Inventory after Conversion
to SEK (SEK in m illio n s)
(1,266) (3,279)
34

The 2011 Credit Facility contains a covenant in relation to the maintenance of sufficient liquidity to service our indebtedness. In order to comply with both this covenant and our internal risk policy, and in order to protect our business against falling oil prices more generally, we purchased put options equivalent to approximately eleven million barrels of crude oil in November 2014, with a strike price of 70 $/bbl and expiry on January 12, 2015, in order to partially offset any negative effects of the then falling oil prices. In December 2014, the options were sold and replaced by put options corresponding to the same volume with a strike price of 68 $/bbl and expiry on February 9, 2015. The put options positively affected our cost of goods sold during the fourth quarter of 2014. The profit of these contracts as of December 31, 2014 was SEK 871 million. As of December 31, 2015, the profit from our put options (both realized and unrealized) was SEK 250 million. We have continued to purchase put options during the first quarter of 2016, and may continue, but are not committing, to do so in the future. Current put options have an average strike price of $28/bbl with an expiry of May 25, 2016.

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
Our financial condition and results of operations are exposed to two types of risk related to foreign currency exchange rates, specifically translation risk and transaction risk. We are exposed to translation risk because a significant percentage of our sales and expenses are realized and incurred in currencies other than the krona, which is our reporting currency. We are also exposed to translation risk because certain of our assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the krona. We are exposed to transaction risk because our revenues and costs are denominated in both the dollar and the krona.

Translation risk
Revenues and expenses. Substantial portions of our revenues and expenses are recorded in dollars and then translated into kronor for inclusion in our financial statements. Thus, a decline in the value of the dollar against the krona will have a negative effect on our revenues as reported in kronor, that is, the krona value of our dollar-denominated revenues will decline. Conversely, an increase in the value of the dollar against the krona will have a positive effect on our revenues as reported in kronor, that is, the krona value of our dollar-denominated revenues will increase.
Inventory. In the course of our ordinary operations, we store significant amounts of crude oil and refined products, the value of which is denominated in dollars because market prices for crude oil and refined products are typically denominated in dollars. Our total inventories, which are accounted for as part of our current assets, were SEK 7,292 million as of December 31, 2014 and SEK 5,883 million as of December 31,2015. A decrease in the value of the dollar against the krona will result in a decrease in the value of our inventories, when expressed in kronor. Foreign exchange gains or losses on our inventory are included as part of cost of goods sold.
Indebtedness. As of December 31, 2015, 62% of our total debt, including Subordinated Shareholder Debt, was denominated in dollars, 17% was denominated in kronor and 21% in Euro. As of December 31, 2014, 65% of our total debt, including Subordinated Shareholder Debt, was denominated in dollars, 19% was denominated in kronor, and 16% in Euro. Furthermore, as of March 31, 2016, adjusted on a pro forma basis to give effect to consummation of the Transactions, we expect that approximately 42% of our total debt, including Subordinated Shareholder Debt

63

(but excluding any letters of credit that the Group has outstanding), would have been denominated in dollars, 43% in euros and 15% in kronor.
The pro forma indebtedness amounts included herein are based upon (i) our preliminary financial information as of March 31,2016, as derived from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change, and (ii) using the March 31, 2016 exchange rates provided in ''Exchange Rate Information."
A decrease in the value of the dollar against the krona will result in a decrease in the krona value of our dollar-denominated indebtedness. Conversely, an increase in the value of the dollar against the krona will result in an increase in the krona value of our dollar-denominated indebtedness. Foreign exchange gains or losses on our indebtedness are included as part of financial expense, net.
Transaction risk
We are exposed to transaction risk because our revenues and expenses are denominated in both kronor and dollars. Accordingly, the relative movements of the krona/dollar exchange rate can significantly affect our results of operations. For example, an appreciation of the krona against the dollar may adversely affect our margins to the extent that our krona-denominated revenues do not cover our krona-denominated expenses. This risk is reduced by matching sales revenues and expenses in the same currency, which is generally the practice in our industry given the percentage of purchase and sales contracts that are denominated in dollars.
In addition, we are exposed to transaction risk in connection with our trade payables for crude oil purchases. If the dollar changes in value against the krona between the date of purchase and the date of payment, the difference in the krona value of our payment and the krona value of the trade payables would be recorded as a foreign exchange gain or loss in our results of operations. We face a similar risk with respect to our trade receivables for refined product sales.
Maintenance and other shutdowns
Our results of operations are generally affected by equipment shutdowns as part of our planned maintenance, installation of equipment or to repair and recover from unplanned incidents. For example, operations at Preemraff Lysekil were affected by a significant incident in March 2014 when the hydrogen production unit (''HPU'') was shut down due to a ruptured furnace sub-header (the ''HPU Incident''). In turn, the HPU Incident required the shutdown of Preemraff Lysekil's hydro-cracker due to lack of hydrogen from the HPU, which resulted in reduced production of low-sulfur diesel while the HPU was offline for repair. In addition to replacing the HPU's defective furnace sub-header, we determined that the internal lining in the furnace needed to be repaired, which extended the repair time. The HPU was repaired and came back online in May 2014 and has since operated without disruption. During the repair period, the rest of the refinery continued to operate (at approximately 90% of full capacity). The HPU incident resulted in production losses worth approximately SEK 360 million in total, and repair costs of approximately SEK 20 million. As detailed in ''Business--Insurance'' below, approximately SEK 120 million of these costs and losses has been covered by our property damage and business interruption insurance. For more information about historical shutdowns, see ''Business--Supply and Refining Operations--Preemraff Lysekil--Developments'' and ''Business--Supply and Refining Operations--Preemraff Gothenburg--Developments.''
Trend Information
Exchange rates. In the year ended December 31,2015, the average value of the dollar against the krona increased by approximately 23% and the average value of the dollar against the euro increased by approximately 17%. In 2014, the average value of the dollar against the krona increased by approximately 5% and the average value of the dollar against the euro remained approximately the same. In 2013, the average value of the dollar against the krona decreased by approximately 4% and the average value of the dollar against the euro decreased by approximately 3%. See ''--Key Factors Affecting Results of Operation--Translation Risk'' above.
64

Volatile crude oil prices. In 2015, Dated Brent Crude prices reached a high of $66.65 per barrel and ended the year at $35.74 per barrel, a decrease of $30.91 per barrel. In 2014, Dated Brent Crude prices reached a high of approximately $115 per barrel in June and ended the year at $54.98 per barrel--a decrease of 52%. During 2013, Dated Brent Crude prices reached a high of approximately $119 per barrel in February and ended the year at $110.28 per barrel.
Margin outlook. Industry margins may be volatile in the future, depending primarily on price movements for crude oil and refined products, international political and economic developments.
Shift in refined product demand towards biofuels. Legislation and regulations, including with respect to taxation of refined products, have been implemented all over Europe, with Sweden at the forefront. The overall effect of such legislation has been the production of more environmentally-friendly products. An increase in transit commercial traffic and a growing trend to switch from gasoline to diesel cars in Western Europe has contributed to the increased demand for low-sulfur diesel. Furthermore, consumers have also begun to shift towards alternative heating sources. Thus, we anticipate that the demand for heating oil will continue to decrease, and, ultimately, that the market for heating oil for domestic heating will disappear. We are well-positioned to respond to these shifts in the demand for refined products by pursuing biofuel growth opportunities, which are currently accompanied by the added benefit of tax incentives. See ''Business--Sustainable Business Initiatives.''
Consolidation. Over the past several years, the European oil refinery and Swedish oil retail industry has experienced noticeable consolidation as a result of industry mergers and acquisitions as well as closures of competition. The consolidation has reduced the number of competitors operating in the marketplace.
Explanation of Key Income Statement Items
Net Sales. Our net sales include excise duties, which are taxes on petroleum products that we collect at the point of sale and remit monthly, primarily to the Swedish government. The continuous collection of excise duties at the time of sale and the holding of such excise duties until we are obligated to remit them to the government enables us to use this cash to fund a significant portion of our working capital needs.
Sales Revenue. Sales revenue represents our net sales less the excise duties. Sales revenue also includes foreign exchange gains or losses on our trade receivables. In this discussion, we have provided sales revenue figures for our Supply and Refining segment and our Marketing and Sales segment. The sales revenue of our Supply and Refining segment includes inter-company sales to the Marketing and Sales segment, and the sales revenue of our Marketing and Sales segment includes the sales revenue received on the resale of such refined products. The inter company sales between our Supply and Refining segment and our Marketing and Sales segment are made at market rates. Since refined products are commodities, these sales could have been made to third parties at similar prices. We believe that the inclusion of these amounts in the sales revenue for our Supply and Refining segment properly reflects the results of these segments for purposes of comparison. These inter-company sales have been eliminated in our consolidated financial statements.
Cost o f Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold consists of the cost of our crude oil and other feedstock purchases (including transportation costs) and direct production costs (including depreciation of equipment used in the refining process). Cost of goods sold also includes foreign exchange gains or losses on our inventory and our trade payables. We rely primarily on spot market purchases. We regularly monitor market conditions for various types of crude oil as well as demand for refined products.
Gross Profit/(Loss). Gross profit/(loss) is our sales revenue less the cost of goods sold.
Selling and Administrative Expenses. Selling and administrative expenses consist primarily of the costs of sales and administrative personnel, advertising and promotions.
Other Operating Income. Other operating income consists of our sales of surplus heat, harbor fees, sales of storage certificates to other oil companies for their EU-imposed compulsory storage obligations, income from the rental of dealer-operated service stations and several other items, none of which is individually material. Our other operating income is largely attributable to our non-refining business.
65

Operating Profit/(Loss). Operating profit/(loss) is gross profit net of the foregoing items and net of non-recurring items, if any. We have itemized the contributions to operating income of our Supply and Refining segment and our Marketing and Sales segment.
Financial Expense, net. Financial expense, net, consists of interest income and expense, foreign exchange gains or losses on our indebtedness, and certain other items.
Income Taxes. Income taxes consist of current tax payable on the taxable profit for the year and deferred tax. We were subject to Swedish income tax at a rate of 22% in 2015, 2014 and 2013.
Non-controlling Interest. The non-controlling interest represents the minorities' interest in one of our subsidiaries, Svensk Petroleum Forvaltning AB. The non-controlling shareholders hold 34% of the outstanding shares of Svensk Petroleum Forvaltning AB.

Results of Operations
Summary
The following table shows certain items derived from our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015.

Net S a le s ........................................................ . . . Excise d u t ie s ................................................ . . . Sales re v e n u e .................................................. . . . Cost o f goods s o l d ...................................... . . . Gross profit/(loss).......................................... . . . Selling and adm inistrative expenses . . . . . . . Other operating income ............................ . . . Other operating e x p e n s e s ......................... . . . Operating profit/(loss)................................... . . . Financial expense, net (1)............................ . . . Profit/(loss) before t a x e s .............................. . . . Income t a x e s ................................................ . . . Net profit/(loss)............................................... . . .

2013
SEK
89,399 (9,993) 79,405 (78,825)
581 (1,197)
409 ---
(208) (2,291) (2,499)
336 (2,163)

Year Ended Decem ber 31,

% Change

2014

% Change

2015

SEK

SEK

(in m illio n , e xcept % changes)

(22) 94,170

5 75,826

1

(9,733)

(3) (9,820)

(24) 84,438

6 66,006

(22) (85,214)

8 (61,620)

(84)

(777) N/A

4,386

(4) (1,272)

6

(1,543)

(9)

350

(14)

351

-

-

-

-

N/A

(1,699) N/A

3,193

N/A

(4,300)

88

(3,213)

N/A

(5,999) N/A

(20)

N/A

1,207 N/A

(250)

N/A

(4,792) N/A

(270)

% Change
(19) (1)
(22) (28) N/A (21) N/A N/A 25 N/A N/A N/A

(1) Financial expense, net, co n sists o f d ivid e n d s received, in te re st in co m e and expense, fo re ig n exchange gains or losses on our indebtedness and certain o ther item s.
The following table shows the sales revenue and operating profit/(loss) for our business segments for each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015.

Sales Revenue: Supply and Refining (1)............................ ....................................... Marketing.................................................. ....................................... Exchange rate differences........................ ....................................... Group elim inations................................... ....................................... Total Sales Revenue (2)............................ ....................................... Operating profit/(loss): Supply and Refining................................ ....................................... Marketing.................................................. ....................................... Other non-allocated income (expense) (3). ....................................... Total operating profit/(loss) ................... .......................................

Year Ended Decem ber 31,

2013

2014

2015

SEK

SEK (in m illio n )

SEK

77,841 19,280
(18) (17,698) 79,405

82,564 18,686
249 (17,062) 84,438

64,194 15,612
111 (13,911) 66,006

7 370 (585) (208)

(2,202) 390 113
(1,699)

3,437 422 (666)
3,193

(1) Includes sales by o u r S u p p ly and R efining se g m e n t to o u r M arke tin g and Sales seg m e n t, SEK 13,860 (1,517 m illio n ) fo r 2015, SEK 16,984 m illio n (1,859 m illio n ) fo r 2014 and SEK 17,613 m illio n (1,928 m illio n ) fo r 2013. These sales are m ade at m arket rates. Since refined products are co m m o d itie s, these sales could have been m ade to th ird parties at s im ila r prices. W e be lie ve th a t in c lu d in g th e se a m o u n ts in S u p p ly and R e fin in g s e g m e n t sales reve n u e p ro p e rly

66

reflects th e results o f these segm ents fo r purposes o f co m p a riso n . Such in te r-co m p a n y sales are e lim in a te d in our audited annual consolidated financial statem ents.
(2) Total sales revenue is o u r net sales less excise d uties, w h ich are taxes collected at th e p o in t o f sale b y us and rem itte d to the g o ve rn m e nts o f the co u n trie s in w h ich w e operate, p rim a rily Sweden.
(3) In o rd e r to e va lu a te th e p e rfo rm a n c e o f o u r se g m e n ts, w e a llo ca te ce rta in ite m s as ''n o n -a llo c a te d in co m e (exp e n se ).'' S p e c ific a lly, w e in clu d e in n o n -a llo ca te d in c o m e (expense) o u r ''c o rp o ra te co st c e n te r'' and fo re ig n e xch a ng e g a in s or losses related to o u r in v e n to ry and o u r trad e payables/receivables. O ur co rp o ra te cost center includes a d m in istra tive and personnel-related expenses.
Year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014
Net Sales. Our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2015 were SEK 75,826 million, a decrease of SEK 18,344 million, or 19%, from SEK 94,170 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This decrease was primarily attributable to falling crude oil prices leading to lower refined product prices in the global market. The average Dated Brent Crude price was $52 per barrel during 2015 compared to $99 per barrel during 2014, which had a negative impact on net sales. The lower net sales for the year ended December 31, 2015 were partly offset by a stronger USD to SEK exchange rate (which on average was 23% higher as of December 31, 2015, than as of December 31, 2014) and higher throughput (which was approximately 7% higher for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014). Net sales during the year ended December 31, 2014 were negatively affected by the HPU Incident, which we estimate to have resulted in a production loss of approximately SEK 360 million during that period, prior to insurance recoveries in respect of such losses and cost of repairs of approximately SEK 120 million (see ''Business--Insurance'').
Sales revenue. Sales revenue for the year ended December 31,2015 was SEK 66,006 million, a decrease of SEK 18,432 million, or 22%, from SEK 84,438 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This decrease was primarily a result of falling product prices. Sales revenue for our Supply and Refining segment decreased by 22% to SEK 64,194 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 from SEK 82,564 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily as a result of lower market prices for refined products. Sales revenue for our Marketing and Sales segment decreased by 16% to SEK 15,612 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 from SEK 18,686 million for the year ended December 31,2014. This decrease was mainly attributable to lower product prices both in respect of business-to-business and retail division.
Cost o f goods sold. Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2015 was SEK 61,620 million, a decrease of SEK 23,594 million, or 28%, from SEK 85,214 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower market prices for crude oil, which were offset to some extent by a higher average exchange rate for USD against SEK.
Gross profit/(loss). Gross profit for the year ended December 31,2015 was SEK 4,386 million, an increase of SEK 5,163 million, from a gross loss of SEK 777 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily a result of improved refining margins due to the exceptionally strong gasoline crack during the summer months and also a healthy diesel crack for most of the period to December 31,2015. The price effect on inventories amounted to a loss of SEK 1,266 million compared to a loss of SEK 3,279 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, representing a profit increase of SEK 2,013 million.
Selling and administrative expenses. Selling expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 were SEK 797 million, an increase of SEK 36 million, or 5%, from SEK 761 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. Administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 were SEK 746 million, an increase of SEK 235 million, or 46%, from SEK 511 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in administrative expenses was primarily attributable to organizational changes that resulted in the centralization of certain expenses that had been recorded elsewhere and an increase in profit sharing expenses reflecting improved results. The organizational changes involved parts of the refineries dealing with health and safety, environment and refinery development being moved to corporate functions. These expenses were previously treated as production expenses.
67

Other operating income. Other operating income for the year ended December 31,2015 was SEK 351 million, an decrease of SEK 1 million, from SEK 350 million for the year ended December 31, 2014.
Operating profit. Operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2015 was SEK 3,193 million, an increase of SEK 4,892 million, from a loss of SEK 1,699 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The operating profit of our Supply and Refining segment was SEK 3,437 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of SEK 5,639 million, from an operating loss of SEK 2,202 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase in operating profit was mainly due to strong refining margins combined with efficient operations and no unplanned downtime at either of our refineries, as compared to downtime from the HPU Incident during the year ended December 31, 2014. Excluding the price effects on inventory of SEK (1,266) million, the operating profit of our Supply and Refining segment amounted to SEK 4,703 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of SEK 3,625 million from a profit of SEK 1,078 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. During most of April 2015 and one week of May 2015, the Preemraff Lysekil refinery performed planned maintenance on three units which had some effect on overall throughput and utilization. Our Marketing and Sales segment generated an operating profit of SEK 422 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of SEK 32 million from an operating profit of SEK 390 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in the Marketing and Sales segment's operating profit was primarily a result of increased margins of our main product diesel and lower operating expenses. The diesel margin strengthened due to a general market increases as well as due to increasing volumes sold to the consumer market.
Financial expense, net. Our financial expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2015 was SEK 3,213 million, an increase of SEK 1,087 million from SEK 4,300 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. Financial expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2015 was negatively affected by exchange rate losses realized and unrealized, mainly due to a stronger dollar, of SEK 597 million, compared to a loss of SEK 2,345 million for the year ended December 31,2014. For the year ended December 31, 2015, interest expense amounted to SEK 1,574 million, an increase of SEK 58 million from SEK 1,516 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, predominantly attributable to lower interest margins affecting both the term loan facility and the working capital facility under the 2011 Credit Facility and improved operating cash flow being applied to reduce short term debts. Other financial, net amounted to SEK 1,206 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of SEK 590 million from SEK 616 million for the year ended December 31, 2014.
Income taxes. Income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2015 were SEK (250) million, an increase of SEK 1,457 million from a tax income of SEK 1,207 million for the year ended December 31,2014. The increase was attributable to the improved operational results in the year ended December 31, 2015 as described above. The effective tax rate in 2015 was impacted by a non-deductible write-down of the receivable from Corral Morocco Gas and Oil.
Net profit/(loss). Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2015 was SEK 270 million, an increase of SEK 4,522 million from a net loss of SEK 4,792 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 as a result of factors discussed above.
Year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013
Net Sales. Our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2014 were SEK 94,170 million, an increase of SEK 4,771 million, or 5%, from SEK 89,399 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volumes, an increase of 11% as compared 2013 and to some extent attributable to higher average USD to SEK exchange rates (an increase of 5%). The increase in sold volumes reflects primarily the impact of the planned maintenance turnaround in Preemraff Lysekil which started in September 2013 and lasted through the beginning of November 2013. The increase in sold volumes was partially offset by falling product prices in 2014. Product prices are normally fixed by reference to the market price of Dated Brent Crude. The market prices of Dated Brent Crude decreased by $46.34 per barrel between August and December 2014, which resulted in lower sales revenue for the full year ended December 31, 2014. In addition, net sales in the year ended December 31, 2014 were negatively affected by the HPU Incident, which we estimate to have resulted in a production loss of
68

approximately SEK 360 million prior to insurance recoveries of approximately SEK 120 million (see ''Business--Insurance'').
Sales revenue. Sales revenue for the year ended December 31,2014 was SEK 84,438 million, an increase of SEK 5,033 million, or 6%, from SEK 79,405 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. As with net sales, this increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volumes compared to 2013, an increase of 11% or 1.8 million cubic meters compared to the year ended December 31, 2013, (reflecting the maintenance turnaround at Preemraff Lysekil) and to some extent is attributable to higher average exchange rates. Sales revenue for our Supply and Refining segment increased by 6% to SEK 82,564 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from SEK 77,841 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was mainly driven by higher sales volumes compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 reflecting the maintenance turnaround of Preemraff Lysekil as well as higher average exchange rates. This positive impact on sales revenues was partly offset by lower average product prices in 2014, driven by the lower crude oil price. Sales revenue for our Marketing and Sales segment decreased to SEK 18,686 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from SEK 19,280 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily due to lower average product prices. Volumes sold by this segment were roughly comparable in the two periods.
Cost o f goods sold. Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2014 was SEK 85,214 million, an increase of SEK 6,389 million, or 8%, from SEK 78,825 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase between the year ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to higher volumes produced in 2014, an increase of 5% in the USD to SEK exchange rate between in the year ended December 31, 2014 and price losses on inventories of SEK 3,279 million due to a fall in the market price of crude oil arising from our use of the first-in-first-out accounting method of our inventory. Cheaper purchases of crude oil from September 2014 onwards partially offset the increased costs in the year ended December 31,2014 compared to the previous year.
Gross profit/(loss). Gross loss for the year ended December 31, 2014 was SEK 777 million, a decrease of SEK 1,358 million from a gross profit of SEK 581 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This decrease was mainly a result of the negative impact of the price effect on inventory, partly offset by higher average refining margins, higher volumes sold and higher average exchange rates. The price effect on inventories amounted to SEK 3,279 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to price gains on inventories of SEK 34 million for the year ended December 31, 2013.
Selling and administrative expenses. Selling and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014 were SEK 1,272 million, an increase of SEK 75 million, or 6%, from SEK 1,197 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was primarily due to higher costs for planned maintenance in our gas station network and increased costs for external services related to strategic IT projects.
Other operating income. Other operating income for the year ended December 31,2014 was SEK 350 million, a decrease of SEK 59 million, or 14%, from SEK 409 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily attributable to reduced sales of storage certificates and district heating compared to the corresponding period in 2013.
Operating profit/loss. Operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2014 was SEK 1,699 million, an increase of SEK 1,491 million from an operating loss of SEK 208 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase was primarily a result of the negative price effect on inventories, partly offset by improved average refining margins, higher sales volumes and positive effects of higher average exchange rates. Excluding the price effects on inventory of SEK (3,279) million, the operating profit of our Supply and Refining segment amounted to SEK 1,078 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of SEK 1,105 million from an operating loss of SEK 27 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our Marketing and Sales segment generated an operating profit of SEK 390 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of SEK 20 million from an operating profit of SEK 370 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in the Marketing and Sales segment's operating profit was primarily a result of higher diesel margins.
69

Financial expense, net. Our financial expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2014 was SEK 4,300 million, an increase of SEK 2,009 million from SEK 2,291 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Financial expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2014 was negatively impacted by SEK 2,345 million in exchange rate losses, realized and unrealized, compared to exchange rate losses of SEK 71 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. For the year ended December 31, 2014, interest expense amounted to SEK 1,516 million, an increase of SEK 150 million from SEK 1,366 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Other financial, net amounted to SEK 616 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of SEK 405 million from SEK 1,021 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease relates to the promissory note issued to a predecessor of Preem from the related party company Corral Morocco Gas & Oil following an independent valuation. See ''Related Party Transactions--Corral Morocco Gas & Oil'' elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Income taxes. Income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2014 were an income of SEK 1,207 million, an increase of SEK 871 million from SEK 336 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was mainly attributable to the loss before taxes for the year ended December 31, 2014. The effective tax rate was 20.1% in the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to 13.4% in the year ended December 31, 2013. The main reason for the difference in effective tax rate was due to a non-deductible write-down of the receivable from Corral Morocco Gas and Oil in 2013.
Net profit/loss. Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2014 was SEK 4,792 million, an increase of SEK 2,629 million from net loss of SEK 2,163 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of factors discussed above.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Overview
Our primary cash requirements include purchase of feedstocks and products, upgrade and maintenance projects, servicing indebtedness, funding construction and general working capital needs. Our primary sources of liquidity are available cash reserves, internal cash generation, long-term debt, short-term working capital financing and short-term use of excise duties collected. We operate in an environment in which liquidity and capital resources are affected by changes in the prices for crude oil and refined products, and by a variety of risks, including currency and regulatory risks. Historically, our cash and short-term credit have been sufficient to finance such purchases. We depend upon a small number of suppliers and we expect to continue to rely on trade credit from our suppliers to provide a portion of our working capital. As of December 31, 2015, we benefitted from trade credit from a small number of suppliers for the purchase of crude oil. The trade credit lines are uncommitted and therefore there can be no assurances that we can continue to benefit from such credit lines.
We believe that, based on our current level of operations, our operating cash flows and available amounts under our Credit Facilities will be sufficient to fund our anticipated purchases of inventory, capital expenditures and debt service requirements for the next five years, subject to a variety of factors, including (i) our future ability to generate cash flows from our operations, which is subject to certain general economic, financial, industry, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, (ii) the level of our outstanding indebtedness and prevailing interest, which affects our debt service requirements with respect to such indebtedness and (iii) our capital expenditure requirements.
Capital expenditures in the year ended December 31, 2015 amounted to approximately SEK 968 million. We made maintenance investments of SEK 336 million as well as investments related to major turnarounds of SEK 17 million. Other investments included a new VGO intermediate storage tank and investments for increasing VGO production with additional vacuum distillation equipment that we plan to bring online at Preemraff Lysekil in 2018 (see ''Business--Supply and Refining Operations--Preemraff Lysekil--Capital and strategic investment plans''), as well as investments in a new MK1 blender at Preemraff Gothenburg (see ''Business--Supply and Refining Operations--Preemraff Gothenburg--Capital and strategic investment plans''). Capital expenditures related to certain operational improvements, including investments in health and safety, regulatory and environmental upgrades of SEK 156 million. Capital expenditure relating to
70

marketing amounted to SEK 166 million and capital expenditure relating to other investments designed to incrementally improve profitability amounted to SEK 293 million. We are also investing in a strategic IT project which is expected to complete in 2017 and for which we have provided for an estimated cost of SEK 500 million by 2017. Investments in safety and environmental upgrades are also required under Swedish law or by Swedish authorities. For example, in January 2014, the Industrial Emission Directive was implemented in Sweden. We have adopted a program to address compliance by making moderate capital investments, planned for 2016, which we estimate may total SEK 68 million at Preemraff Lysekil and, possibly, up to approximately SEK 10 million at Preemraff Gothenburg, however, we currently see it as unlikely that such Preemraff Gothenburg investment will be required. However, there is a risk that the suggested changes at Preemraff Lysekil will not suffice and more capital-intensive investments will be required. See ''Risk Factors--Risks Related to our Business--We are subject to governmental laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations on climate change, occupational health and safety laws, competition laws and energy laws in Sweden and elsewhere, which may impact our business and results of operations--Changes in environmental laws and regulations'' for more information.

Cash flow
The table below shows a summary of our consolidated cash flow statements for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015.

Profit/(Loss) before ta x e s ....................................................................... Adjustments for items not included in cash f l o w ................................ Taxes p a id ...............................................................................................

Year Ended Decem ber 31,

2013

2014

2015

SEK

SEK

(in m illio n )

(2,499) (5,999)

2,608 5,817

12 (222)

121 (404)

SEK
(20) 1,996
(49) 1,927

Adjustments for Decrease/(increase) in inventories.......................................................... (787) 2,672 2,140 Decrease/(increase) in current receivables............................................. 431 717 455 (Decrease)/increase in liabilities......................................................... 2,620 (1,498) (1,143)
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities....................................... 2,385 1,487 3,380 Cash flow used in investment a c tiv itie s ................................................ (1,395) (814) (955) Cash flow after investments ..................................................................... 990 673 2,425 Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities......................................... 943 (2,130) (3,125) Total cash flow ....................................................................................... 1,933 (1,457) (700)

Year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014
Cash flow from operating activities amounted to SEK 3,380 million in the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to cash flow from operating activities of SEK 1,487 million in the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of SEK 1,893 million. The increase was mainly attributable to a loss before taxes which amounted to SEK 20 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to a loss before taxes of SEK 5,999 million in the year ended December 31, 2014, an improvement of SEK 5,979 million. Adjustments for non-cash items had a positive impact of SEK 1,996 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to SEK 5,817 million for the same period in 2014, a decrease of SEK 3,821 million. Please refer to page 10 for further specification of items not included in cash flow.
Taxes paid amounted to SEK 49 million in the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to SEK 222 million in the year ended December 31, 2014.
Cash flow was favorably impacted by movements in certain current assets and liabilities by SEK 1,452 million in the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to SEK 1,891 million in the year ended December 31, 2014. The change in working capital in 2015 was primarily due to the lower price of Dated Brent Crude compared to December 2014, which decreased the cash value of inventories.

71

Cash flow used in investment activities for the year ended December 31, 2015 amounted to SEK 955 million, an increase of SEK 141 million, compared to SEK 814 million for the same period in 2014. The increase in investing activities was mainly due to the planned maintenance turnaround in Lysekil and investing and activities related to the construction of the Isomerization unit in Gothenburg.
Cash flow used in financing activities amounted to SEK 3,125 million in the year ended December 31,2015 compared to cash flow used in financing activities of SEK 2,130 million for the same period in the year ended December 31, 2014. Cash flow used in financing activities was mainly attributable to repayment of loans (net) as a consequence of the positive cash flow from operating activities.
Year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013
Cash flow from operating activities amounted to SEK 1,487 million in the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to SEK 2,385 million in the year ended December 31, 2013, a decrease of SEK 898 million. The decrease in cash flow from operating activities is primarily due to greater losses before tax in the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013. Losses before taxes were positively adjusted for items not included in cash flow by SEK 5,817 million in the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to SEK 2,608 million in the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of SEK 3,209 million. The higher adjustments for items not included in cash flow in the year ended December 31, 2014 is mainly attributable to a stronger US dollar against the krona in 2014 and fluctuations in the oil price. Taxes paid amounted to SEK 222 million in the year ended December 31,2014 compared to a tax refund of SEK 12 million in the year ended December 31, 2013.
Cash flow was favorably impacted by changes in certain current assets and liabilities of SEK 1,891 in 2014 compared to SEK 2,264 in the year ended December 31, 2013. The lower market prices in 2014 on products/crude are the main reason for the variance in cash flow from working capital between these years. Cash flow from inventories increased SEK 2,672 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 due to lower market value of inventory, but to some extent offset by higher inventory volume and a stronger dollar. Cash flow from current receivables amounted to SEK 717 million in the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to SEK 431 million in the year ended December 31, 2013, or a change of SEK 286 million. Lower average prices on products are the main factors contributing to the difference between years. In the year ended December 31, 2014, there was a cash flow decrease from operating liabilities (comprised of trade payables, other short term debts and accruals) of SEK 1,498 million compared to cash flow increase from operating liabilities in the year ended December 31, 2013 of SEK 2,620 million, or a change of SEK 4,118 million. Lower operating liabilities in 2014 are related to lower market prices on crude partly offset by a stronger dollar.
Cash flow used in investment activities in the year ended December 31, 2014 was SEK 814 million, a decrease of SEK 581 million, compared to SEK 1,395 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. This decrease in the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to previous year is mainly attributable to maintenance turnaround at Preemraff Lysekil which began in September 2013 and lasted through the beginning of November 2013, which amounted to SEK 514.3 million.
Cash flow used in financing activities was SEK 2,130 million in the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to cash flow from financing activities of SEK 943 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. Repayment of loans (net) amounted to SEK 2,130 million compared to raising of loans (net) of SEK 943 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. No loans from the Ultimate Shareholder were received during 2014.
Future capital needs and resources and capital expenditures
The Issuer's future capital needs relate primarily to the obligation to make semi-annual interest payments on the Notes (if paid in cash) and principal payments on the Notes. As a holding company, the Issuer is dependent upon equity contributions from its parent company, Moroncha Holdings, or its Ultimate Shareholder, dividends, permitted repayment of intercompany debt, if any, and other transfers of funds from Preem. See ''--Restrictions on Transfers of Funds'' and ''Risk Factors--Risks related to the Notes and our Capital Structure--The Issuer is a holding
72

company with no revenue generating operations of its own. The Issuer depends on the ability of its subsidiaries, including Preem, to distribute cash to it, and any inability of any of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it will negatively affect the Issuer's ability to meet its debt service and other obligations.''
The Issuer's principal source of liquidity on an ongoing basis is Preem's operating cash flow. The Issuer's ability to generate cash depends on the Group's future operating performance, which in turn depends to some extent on general economic, financial, industry and other factors, many of which are beyond the Issuer's control, as well as the other factors discussed in ''Risk Factors.''
Although we believe that the Group's expected cash flows from operations, together with available borrowings, will be adequate to meet the Group's anticipated liquidity and debt service needs, we cannot assure you that the Group's business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future debt and equity financing will be available to the Issuer in an amount sufficient to enable the Issuer to pay its debts when due, including the Notes, or to fund the Issuer's other liquidity needs.
We believe that the potential risks to the Group's liquidity include:
 a reduction in cash flows from operations due to a lowering of net income from the Group's operations, which could be due to downturns in the Group's performance or the industry as a whole;
 adverse working capital developments (including changes in the price of Dated Brent Crude);
 exposure to increased interest rates in relation to the Group's borrowings which bear interest at a variable rate, including the Credit Facilities; and
 unbudgeted and mandatory capital expenditure, such as due to higher than expected expenses in connection with maintenance and upgrades at the Group's refineries, including for environmental compliance.
If the Group's future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay the Issuer's obligations as they mature or to fund the Issuer's liquidity needs, we may be forced to:
 reduce or delay our business activities and capital expenditure;
 sell assets;
 obtain additional debt or equity capital; or
 restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, including the Notes, on or before maturity.
We cannot assure you that we would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, the terms of our existing debt, including the Notes and the Credit Facilities, limit our ability to pursue any of these alternatives, as may the terms of any future debt.
We anticipate that the Issuer's high leverage will continue for the foreseeable future. The Issuer's high level of debt may have important negative consequences for you. For more information, see the section entitled ''Risk Factors--Risks related to the Notes and our Capital Structure--Our substantial indebtedness may make it difficult for us to service our debt, including the Notes, and to operate our business.'' See also ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements'' and ''Description of Notes.''
Description of indebtedness
The Issuer is highly leveraged and has significant debt service obligations. As at December 31, 2015, after giving effect to the Transactions, we would have had SEK 12,912 million of total financial third party debt (which excludes Subordinated Shareholder Debt), net of unamortized debt issuance costs.
Moreover, as at December 31, 2015, Preem had an additional $224 million of unsecured supplier trade credits outstanding.
73

As of December 31, 2015, we had total financial third party debt (consisting of total financial long-term third party debt and total financial current third party debt, which, in each case, excludes Subordinated Shareholder Debt), of SEK 12,285 million. As of December 31, 2015, we had amounts available under our unutilized credit facilities of SEK 1,119 million. As of December 31, 2014, we had total financial third party debt (consisting of total financial long-term third party debt and total financial current third party debt, which, in each case, excludes Subordinated Shareholder Debt), of SEK 14,984 million. As of December 31, 2014, we had amounts available under our unutilized credit facilities of SEK 1,664 million. As of December 31, 2013, we had total financial third party debt (consisting of total financial long-term third party debt and total financial current third party debt, which, in each case, excludes Subordinated Shareholder Debt), of SEK 15,358 million. As of December 31, 2013, we had amounts available under our unutilized credit facilities of SEK 1,756 million. As of December 31, 2015, our total financial third party debt, which excludes Subordinated Shareholder Debt, bore interest at a weighted average annual rate of 7.52%.
The chart below shows our average liquidity position over the prior three financial years.

Average Amounts Drawn and Available (in million, $ equivalent)1111

1,906

1,877

2013

2014

2015

Drawdown under the Credit Facilities

Availability u n d e r th e Credit Facilities a n d liquid funds!

(1) D ra w d o w n and a v a ila b ility fig u re s are n o t IFRS m easures and are based on m o n th end v a lu e s ave ra g e d o ve r th e co u rse o f th e year. In p a rt, th e se va lu e s are in te rn a l ca lc u la tio n s based on v a ria b le s th a t are s u b je c tiv e ly d e te rm in e d and w h ic h m a y n o t be c o m p a ra b le in a p p ro a ch to s im ila r c a lc u la tio n s o f o th e r co m p a n ie s.

2011 Credit Facility
The 2011 Credit Facility provided Preem with a $650 million term loan and a $1,850 million multi-currency revolving facility (with separate tranches denominated in both USD and SEK). The 2011 Credit Facility is being replaced by the A&R Credit Facility in connection with the Transactions.

A&R Credit Facility
The A&R Credit Facility will provide Preem with an approximately $68 million (equivalent, translated using the March 31, 2016 exchange rate of $1=SEK 8.1472) term loan maturing in September 2016 (which is effectively a continuation of the term loan portion of the 2011 Credit Facility) and a $1,542 million multi-currency revolving facility. For a description of the material terms of the A&R Credit Facility, see ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--A&R Credit Facility.''

74

Notes held by third parties
From January 1, 2014 through the issuance of the Notes offered hereby, the 2017 Notes bore 15.0% per annum payment in kind interest whereby any interest would be payable through the issuance of additional 2017 Notes having an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of interest then due and owing.
The Indenture governing the Notes offered hereby will contain, covenants significantly restricting our ability to, among other things:
 incur any public debt or incur, guarantee or layer additional indebtedness and issue certain preferred stock;
 create or incur certain liens;
 make certain payments, including dividends or other distributions, with respect to the shares of the Issuer or its restricted subsidiaries;
 prepay or redeem subordinated debt or equity;
 make certain investments;
 in the case of Notes offered hereby and the Credit Facilities, create encumbrances or restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions, loans or advances to and on the transfer of assets to the Issuer or its restricted subsidiaries;
 sell, lease or transfer certain assets including stock of restricted subsidiaries;
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates;
 enter into unrelated businesses or engage in prohibited activities;
 consolidate or merge with other entities;
 impair the security interests for the benefit of the holders of the Notes; and/or
 amend certain documents.
Each of the covenants is subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. These covenants could limit our ability to finance our future operations and capital needs.

Subordinated Shareholder Debt
For as long as any amounts remain outstanding under the Notes (and for at least 181 days thereafter), interest on the Existing Shareholder Notes is payable through the issuance of additional subordinated notes in a principal amount equal to such interest amount. Upon completion of the amendment of the Existing Shareholder Notes, the Existing Shareholder Notes will bear a non-cash interest rate of 10% per annum.
The Existing Shareholder Loans are subordinated and bear an interest rate of 5% per annum. The interest expense related to the Existing Shareholder Loans is paid in kind semi-annually.

Long-Term Financial Obligations

The following table summarizes the contractual principal maturities including interest obligations of our long-term debt, including our current portion, as of March 31, 2016 on an as adjusted basis after giving effect to the Transactions and is based upon (i) our preliminary financial information as of March 31, 2016, as derived from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change, and (ii) using the March 31, 2016 exchange rates provided in ''Exchange Rate Information."

Paym ents Due by Period

C ontractual O bligations

Total

Less than 1 Year

M ore than

1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years

5 years

SEK

SEK

Euro Notes offered hereby................. ___ 5,262

--

Krona Notes offered hereby............... ___

500

--

A&R Credit Facility

Term Loan ....................................... . . . . 554 554

Revolving Credit Facility(1) ............. . . . . 3,844

Subordinated Shareholder Debt......... . . . . 5,567

Total .................................................... . . . . 15,727 554

SEK
(in m illio n )
-- --

SEK
5,262 500

3,844

5,567

--

15,173

SEK
-- --
--

(1) R evolving c re d it fa c ility values presented do n o t in clu d e letters o f credit.

75

In addition to our long-term financial obligations, we also have long-term commercial commitments, comprising our operating lease obligations. As of December 31, 2015, we had agreed operating lease obligations of SEK 129 million due within one year, SEK 554 million due within one and five years and SEK 95 million due in more than five years. For a description of the amounts outstanding under our operating lease obligations as of December 31, 2015, see note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015.
Restrictions on Transfers of Funds
The Issuer is a holding company. As a holding company, to meet its debt service and other obligations, the Issuer is dependent upon equity contributions from its parent company, Moroncha Holdings, or its Ultimate Shareholder and distributed dividends, permitted repayment of intercompany debt, if any, and other transfers of funds from Preem. Substantially all of the Issuer's present assets consist of 100% of the share capital of Preem.
The Credit Facilities contain certain restrictions on Preem's ability to make dividend payments, distributions or other payments (including by way of a subordinated loan) to the Issuer. At any time, Preem is permitted to make group tax contributions (Sw: Koncernbidrag) to the Issuer by way of dividend, provided that such amount is funded by way of equity contribution or a subordinated loan and that it is effected by accounting entries only and not by movement of cash. Preem is also permitted to pay administrative costs of the Issuer up to a maximum amount of $500,000 in any calendar year. The A&R Credit Facility will restrict the amounts of other dividends and distributions from Preem to the Issuer according to various cash flow measurements and minimum liquidity requirements, among other things, all as described in ''Description of Certain Other Financing Arrangements--A&R Credit Facility--Restrictions on Upstreaming of Cash.''
Additional restrictions on the distribution of cash to the Issuer arise from, among other things, applicable corporate and other laws and regulations and by the terms of other agreements to which Preem is or may become subject. Under Swedish law, Preem may only pay a dividend to the extent that it has sufficient distributable equity according to its adopted balance sheet in its latest annual report (subject to any adjustments of the distributable equity after the balance sheet date); provided, however, that any distribution of equity may not be made in any amount which, considering the requirements on the size of its equity in view of the nature, scope and risks of the business as well as the financing needs of Preem or the Preem group, including the need for consolidation, liquidity or financial position of Preem and the Preem group, would not be defendable.
As a result of the above, the Issuer's ability to service cash interest payments or other cash needs is considerably restricted.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
All of our lease contracts are classified as operational leases. As of December 31, 2015, our agreed future minimum lease payments over the following six years amounted to SEK 778 million in total. These relate to property leases, car leases and rental equipment. We also benefit from lease revenues. As of December 31, 2015, contracted future minimum lease payments (to be received as revenue over the following six years) were SEK 465 million in total and related mainly to rents.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Our primary market risk exposures are commodity price risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk.
Commodity Price Risk
Changes in the price of commodities, such as crude oil, can affect our cost of goods sold and the price of our refined products. Commodity price changes can trigger a price effect on inventory, which can affect our revenues, gross profit and operating income. Our inventory management strategies include the purchase and sale of exchange-traded, oil-related futures and options with a duration of twelve months or less. To a lesser extent, we also use oil swap agreements similar to
76

those traded on international exchanges such as the Intercontinental Exchange, including ''crack'' spreads (which are intercommodity spreads based on the difference between the price of a refined product and crude oil) or intercommodity spreads, and options that, because they contain certain terms, such as point of delivery, customized to the market in which we sell, are better suited to hedge against the specific price movements in our markets. The number of barrels of crude oil and refined products covered by such contracts varies from time to time. Nevertheless, we seek to maintain our ''normal position'' of crude oil, finished products and intermediates. Our ''normal position,'' which is 1,840,000 cubic meters (or approximately twelve million barrels), is evaluated based on the average optimal inventory level in our depot system, the required inventory levels to allow for continuous flow and operations and the amount of crude oil and products that are priced, but not delivered. When the volume in our inventories deviates from the normal position, both above and below, we have used and will seek to use derivatives to restore the volume that is exposed to price fluctuations. These strategies are designed to minimize, on a short-term basis, our exposure to the risk of fluctuations in crude oil prices and refined product margins. This hedging activity is closely managed and subject to internally established risk standards. The results of these hedging activities are recognized in our financial statements as adjustments to cost of goods sold.
Dated Brent Crude prices dropped to $35.74 per barrel as of December 31, 2015, from $54.98 per barrel as of December 31, 2014. This was mainly the result of a continued oversupply of crude oils increasing global stocks and putting further downward pressure on the Dated Brent Crude price. In 2013, Dated Brent Crude prices fell slightly and ended the year at $110.28 per barrel. The price decreases were largely attributable to the combination of weakening economies, increasing efficiency measures, increases in U.S. and Canadian crude production and the decision by OPEC to maintain production levels despite the slowing demand.
Our revenues and cash flows, as well as estimates of future cash flows are sensitive to changes in oil prices. Major shifts in the cost of crude oil and the price of refined products can result in significant changes in the operating margin from refining operations. The prices also determine the value of our inventory.
We enter into commodity derivative contracts from time to time to manage our price exposure to our inventory positions and our purchases of crude oil in the refining process, and to fix margins on certain future production. The commodity derivative contracts may take the form of futures contracts or price swaps and are entered into with reputable counter-parties. Derivative contracts are marked to market with gains and losses, realized and unrealized, recognized in cost of goods sold.
Hedging Activities/Hedge of Inventory
We enter into certain derivatives transactions in order to keep price risk exposure and volume exposures within limits set out in our risk policy, which includes a variance limit around the normal position (i.e., the priced inventory value resulting from the maintenance of a defined average optimal inventory level) as well as a value-at-risk limit on total exposure of $5 million. See ''--Trading Activities'' for more details on how we calculate the value of risk limits. For example, if we have a long physical exposure (i.e. we have more volume priced oil than the normal position) we can offset most of the price risk of this long physical exposure by going equally short on derivative contracts with the same (or similar) underlying commodity.
As of December 31, 2015, we had a net short position on crude oil (excluding the hedge of the normal inventory) and refined products derivative contracts of 376,000 cubic meters (approximately 2.4 million barrels). Based on our hedges in place as of December 31, 2015, a decrease of 10% in the price of crude oil as well as refined products would result in an increase in our derivatives position of $10 million and an increase in our put options of approximately $37 million.
As of December 31, 2015, we owned Brent put options corresponding to the normal position volume with a strike price of approximately 42 $/bbl.
As of September 30, 2015, we owned Brent put options corresponding to the normal position volume with a strike price of approximately 43 $/bbl. As of June 30, 2015, we owned Brent put options corresponding to the normal position volume with a strike price of approximately 45 $/bbl.
77

As of March 31, 2015, we owned Brent put options corresponding to the normal position volume with a strike price of approximately 51 $/bbl.
As of December 31, 2014, we had a net short position on crude oil (excluding the hedge of the normal inventory described below) and refined products derivative contracts of 184,000 cubic meters (approximately 1.2 million barrels).
As of December 31, 2014, we owned Brent put options corresponding to the normal position volume with a strike price of 68 $/bbl.
For the three month periods ended December 31, 2015, September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015, March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, our hedging strategy resulted in a gain of SEK 250 million, a loss of SEK 99 million, a loss of SEK 185 million, a loss of SEK 7 million and a gain of SEK 871 million, respectively.
Trading Activities
We also enter into derivative transactions which are unrelated to physical exposure and are therefore classified as ''speculative.'' These transactions are monitored against profit and loss limits set out in our risk policy which do not permit trading risk greater than $0.5 million per trade. The risk amount limit for the total exposure (based on volumetric deviation from the normal position distributions) is set at $5 million. To measure the risk amount on our total exposure, we use a value-at-risk model that is updated on a daily basis. As of December 31, 2014, the unrealized profit/loss from the speculative positions was close to zero. As of December 31, 2015, the unrealized profit/loss from the speculative positions was close to zero.
Foreign Currency Risk
From time to time, we use forward exchange contracts and, to a lesser extent, currency options and currency swaps to manage our foreign currency risk. See ''--Key Factors Affecting Results of Operations--Fluctuations in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates'' for a discussion of our exposure to changes in the dollar-krona and euro-krona exchange rates.
Including Subordinated Shareholder Debt, as of December 31, 2015, our krona-denominated variable rate indebtedness totaled SEK 3,132 million, our dollar-denominated variable rate indebtedness totaled $497 million and we had no euro-denominated variable rate indebtedness. Including Subordinated Shareholder Debt, as of December 31, 2015, we had no kronadenominated fixed rate indebtedness, our dollar-denominated fixed rate indebtedness totaled $843 million (including short-term and long-term indebtedness) and our euro-denominated fixed rate indebtedness totaled 419 million (including short-term and long-term indebtedness). As of December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies amounting to SEK 337 million, of which the equivalent of SEK 309 million was denominated in dollars and the equivalent of SEK 28 million was denominated in euro.
Including Subordinated Shareholder Debt, as of December 31, 2014, our krona-denominated variable-rate indebtedness totaled SEK 4,108 million, our dollar-denominated variable-rate indebtedness totaled $906 million and we had no euro-denominated variable-rate indebtedness (including short-term and long-term indebtedness). Including Subordinated Shareholder Debt, as of December 31, 2014, we had no krona-denominated fixed-rate indebtedness, our dollardenominated fixed-rate indebtedness totaled $891 million and our euro-denominated fixed-rate indebtedness totaled 365 million (including short-term and long-term indebtedness). As of December 31, 2014, we had cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies amounting to SEK 1,050 million, of which the equivalent of SEK 1,019 million was denominated in dollars and the equivalent of SEK 31 million was denominated in euro.
78

The table below presents, as of December 31, 2015, a summary of our current and long-term debt (including the Subordinated Shareholder Debt).

Borrower
The Issuer............................................................ Preem long-term third party d e b t...................... ..................... Preem short-term third party debt...................... ................. Preem o ve rdra ft.................................................. ................. Total..................................................................... .................

December 31,

2015

Long-Term

Current Debt

Debt

SEK
--
--
7,287

SEK (in million)
10,865 22 --

135

7,422

10,887

Total Debt SEK
10,865 22
7,287 135
18,309

The table below presents, as of December 31, 2015, a summary of our long-term financial instruments, including their current positions (including Subordinated Shareholder Debt), by functional currency and expected maturity dates.

Payment Due Period

2016 2017

SEK SEK

Krona-denominated

indebtedness as of

December 3 1, 20 15:

Fixed rate debt-- am ount due . . .

--

--

Variable rate debt-- a m o un t due . 3,132 --

Dollar-denominated

indebtedness as of

December 3 1, 20 15:

Fixed rate debt-- am ount due . . .

-- 2,574

Variable rate debt-- am ount due . 4,155

0

Bank overdraft fa c ilit e s ................ 135 --

Euro-denominated indebtedness

as of December 3 1, 20 15:

Fixed rate debt-- am ount due . . .

-- 2,267

Variable rate debt-- am ount due . --

--

2018 SEK

2019 SEK

2020+ SEK

Percentage

of Total

Long Term

Debt Estimated

Total Value

%

Fair Value

SEK

SEK

-- 0

-- 3,132

17.25% 3,132

0 4,468 0
--

0 7,042 4,155
--

38.80% 7,124 22.89% 4,155

-- 1,556

0 3,823

21.06% 4,052

The following table provides a breakdown by currency (in millions) of our variable rate and fixed rate debt (which includes Subordinated Shareholder Debt) as December 31, 2015.

Krona ........................................................................................................ Dollar ........................................................................................................ Euro ..........................................................................................................

Variable Rate
3,132 497 --

Fixed-Rate
-- 843 419

Interest Rate Risk
As of December 31, 2015, SEK 7,287 million of our indebtedness required payment at variable rates and we had no long-term loans at variable rates.

79

The table below presents, as of December 31, 2015, debt and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity date (including Subordinated Shareholder Debt).

2016 2017

SEK SEK

As of December 3 1 , 2015:

Fixed rate deb t-a m ou nt d u e .............

0 4,841

Variable rate debt-am ount due . . . . 7,287

0

W eighted average interest rate (%). 2.6 15.0

Bank o verd ra ft fa c ilitie s ..................... 135

2018 2019 SEK SEK
0 6,025 00
7.7

2020 SEK

Total Value
SEK

Percentage

of Total

Long Term Estimated

Debt

Fair

%

Value

SEK

0 10,865 0 7,287

59.86 40.14

11,176 7,287

Critical Accounting Policies
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and provisions at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. We have identified the accounting policies discussed below as the most critical policies upon which our financial status depends. We believe that these critical accounting policies involve management's most complex or subjective judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that could impact our financial results. For further information please see Note 1 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
We review long-lived assets used in our business on an annual basis for impairment, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or a group of assets may not be recoverable. An impaired asset or a group of assets may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair value. We estimate fair value based on independent appraisals and projected cash flows discounted at a rate determined by management to be commensurate with our business risk. The estimation of fair value using these methods is subject to numerous uncertainties, which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of revenues, operating costs, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates and general economic business conditions, among other factors.

Inventory
Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. We use the FIFO (''first in, first out'') method to determine the cost of our crude oil and refined product inventories. The carrying value of these inventories is sensitive to volatile market prices. If refined product prices decline compared to the acquisition value at the end of a period, then we may be required to write down the value of our inventories in future periods.

Contingent liabilities
A contingent liability is recorded when there is a possible commitment that originates from events that have occurred and the existence of which is only confirmed by one or more uncertain future events or when there is a commitment that is not recorded as a liability or a provision because it is not likely that an outflow of resources will be required or that the outflow cannot be calculated.
A future close-down of operations within the Group may involve a requirement for decontamination and restoration works. It is believed, however, that such an event will take place well into the future, and the future expenses cannot be reliably calculated, so this cannot therefore be considered to be a contingent liability.

80

INDUSTRY
Important note: This Industry report has been prepared for the Issuer by Wood Mackenzie Limited. The report is intended solely for the benefit o f the Issuer and its contents and conclusions may not be disclosed to any other persons or companies without Wood Mackenzie's prior written permission (such permission has been granted to the Issuer with respect to reproduction in this offering memorandum).
The information upon which this report is based has either been supplied to Wood Mackenzie by Preem or comes from Wood Mackenzie's own experience, knowledge and databases. The opinions expressed in this report are those o f Wood Mackenzie. They have been arrived at following careful consideration and enquiry but Wood Mackenzie does not guarantee their fairness, completeness or accuracy. The opinions, as o f the date o f this Offering Memorandum, are subject to change. Wood Mackenzie does not accept any liability for your reliance upon them.
Overview of the Refining Process
There are over 750 refineries globally competing to supply oil products. Each refinery will have its own configuration, which will determine the range of different crude oils that the refinery can economically process into refined products. Refining is a margin business which relies on converting crude oils into finished oil products. Refiners have some limited control over the crudes they choose to process given the specific configuration of the refinery and therefore the products they can create, but the relative prices of these crudes and products are set by the market. The combination of a refinery's configuration, crude selection and operation will determine the range of products produced.
Refineries will aim to maximize their margins by producing the highest volumes (or yields) of the most valuable products at the lowest cost. The selection of crude feedstocks and the configuration of the refinery are therefore critical to potential profitability.
Crude Oil
The quality of crude oil dictates the level of processing and conversion necessary to achieve the optimal mix of finished products. The relative cost of different crude oils will vary based on their physical qualities and are typically classified by their density (light to heavy) and sulfur content (sweet to sour).
The terms light, medium and heavy when used in reference to crude oils refer to their density, and the terms sweet and sour refer to their sulfur content. These terms are often used in conjunction with each other to describe the qualities of crude oil. Light sweet crude oils typically are more expensive than heavy sour crude oils because they require less treatment and, therefore, lower operating costs to produce a slate of products with a greater percentage of higher value, light refined products. Heavy sour crude oils produce a greater percentage of lower value products with simple distillation and require additional processing and higher operating costs to produce the same higher value, light refined products which can be produced at lower operating costs from light sweet crude oils. In seeking to maximize margins, refiners strive to process the optimal mix, or slate, of crude oils through their refineries, depending on each refinery's conversion and treating equipment, the desired product output and the relative price of available crude oils.
Refinery Processes
An oil refinery is the ''factory'' in which crude oil, the raw material, is converted into usable finished products. The other phases can be defined as:
 upstream exploration and production--crude oil is found and extracted prior to refining;
 midstream--crude oil is transported from the production source to a refinery; and
 distribution and marketing--the refined product is delivered to consumers.
The downstream sector includes the oil refining, distribution, and marketing elements of the oil value chain.
Refineries can have a relatively simple configuration, such as Preemraff Gothenburg, which only extracts and further processes the light fractions from crude oil and produces a quantity of
81

other heavy residue components (a process known as hydroskimming). Other refineries, such Preemraff Lysekil, can be very complex and capable not only of separating components through basic distillation, but also of further converting a variety of heavy crude oils or residues into a range of lighter refined end products (via a process known as cracking). Simple refineries typically operate with lower costs but may produce relatively lower value products, while more complex refineries cost more to operate but can produce relatively higher value products.
The methods employed to refine crude oil vary widely from one refinery to another, depending on the type of refinery (hydroskimming or cracking), the type of crude oil processed, the nature and location of the refinery's market and many other factors. On a simplified basis, however, all refineries receive deliveries of crude oil, either by oil tanker or pipeline (or a combination of both), pump the crude oil into storage tanks to be held for a period of time to settle and dewater the crude oil and then pump the crude oil through heat exchangers and a furnace before entering a distillation tower. In general, there are four basic groups of refining process types:
 Crude Distillation (or fractionation) is performed on crude oil at a refinery. Distillation is the method of heating the crude oil to separate the relatively more volatile parts from relatively less volatile parts. Since it is not generally possible to separate the complex petroleum mixtures into individual chemical compounds, these mixtures are segregated into fractions or ''cuts,'' each of which is produced at a specific boiling range. As a general matter, by heating and distilling the crude oil, certain types of hydrocarbons (generally liquefied petroleum gas and naphtha) will rise to the top of the distillation tower. At the same time, diesel and jet fuel will form the cuts in the middle portions of the tower, and heating oil, heavy fuel oil and bitumen (asphalt) will form the cuts at the bottom of the tower. Refineries extract these cuts from the crude tower and more complex refineries can then further process, treat, or upgrade them into higher quality finished products.
The following diagram illustrates the various refined petroleum products, ordered from light to heavy, that result from the distillation processes:
Crude Distillation Process
Source: W ood Mackenzie
 Conversion Processes consist of using chemical and thermal refining processes to physically convert the properties of certain cuts from the crude unit into higher value products. Although there are many different conversion methods, they all consist fundamentally of altering the molecular structure of the hydrocarbon components. Typically these processes will convert heavy, low value oil fractions such as residue into lighter, higher value ones such as naphtha and gasoil.
 Treatment Processes remove unwanted elements, such as sulfur and nitrogen from the hydrocarbon fractions in order to meet the increasingly stringent environmental
82

specifications set on oil products and transport fuels. Most oil fractions produced by either the crude distillation unit or from the subsequent conversion processes will contain some elements of impurities which will need removing.
 Product Blending. Most oil fractions created by refinery units will not meet the finished product quality specifications. Therefore, the last basic step in the refining process is the blending of the various treated oil fractions into on-specification finished oil products (such as gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel) which can be sold into the market.
The following chart summarizes the main refined products that result from the refining process:

Major Oil Products

Product
L P G ............................
Naphtha...................... Gasoline ................... Jet fuel ...................... Kerosene ................... Diesel ........................ G a s o il........................ Marine diesel oil . . . . Straight run fuel . . . .
Fuel oil ......................
B itu m e n ......................

Product Type
Light ends
Light ends Light ends Middle distillate Middle distillate Middle distillate Middle distillate Heavy ends Heavy ends
Heavy ends
Heavy ends

Principal Use
Home applications, petrochemical feedstock, transportation and industrial/agricultural heating Petrochemical feedstock, gasoline production Transportation Transportation Heating, kerosene burners and illumination Transportation Heating and small scale power generation Marine transportation Primarily used as an intermediate feedstock for further processing by other refineries Power stations, industrial boilers and marine transportation Building and road construction

Source: W ood Mackenzie

Global Refining Market Overview
Global Oil Product Demand
Having slowed considerably in 2014 due to weaker than expected global economic growth, global oil product demand increased significantly in 2015 by 1.2% compared with 2014. Demand growth has been supported by the recent decline in oil price, which has subsequently led to a reduction in product prices, incentivizing increased consumption. The Asia Pacific region and the United States have been the major drivers of demand growth throughout 2015.
Wood Mackenzie anticipates product demand will rise by 37 million tons per annum (''mtpa'') to 4,330 mtpa in 2016 as a result of lower oil prices and global GDP growth of 2.7%. Demand is forecast to increase at an average of 34 mtpa to 2020 when total demand is expected to reach an estimated 4,470 mtpa.
Wood Mackenzie expect global demand growth to be driven mainly by emerging economies, particularly in the Asia Pacific region, where rising incomes and growing vehicle numbers are increasing demand for oil products. Other emerging regions, such as the Middle East and Latin

83

America, are also expected to see healthy levels of growth in demand. More developed regions, such as Europe and North America, are expected to contribute a far smaller share of demand.

Global Oil Product Demand by Region

2015 - 2020 Expected Incremental Demand Change

Bn Tones per year 4,5

2000

2005

2010

Asia Pacific Russia and Caspian European and North African Region Latin America

2015 | 2020
Forecast
Middle East North America Sub-Saharan Africa

9

Diesel / Gasoline Jet/ Other LPG Naphtha Fuel Oil

Gasoil

Kerosene Products

A

Source: W ood Mackenzie
Global Refinery Capacity / Demand
The relative global demand for oil products compared to installed refinery crude processing capacity provides insight into the tightness of the market. Globally, installed refining capacity has always exceeded demand as oil refineries are often unable to operate at 100% throughput utilization and plants regularly have to be taken out of service for planned (or sometimes unplanned) maintenance. The chart below indicates the evolution of installed refining capacity compared to overall oil product demand.
Periods where the gap between demand and installed capacity narrows are indicative of a tightening market, which usually results in improved refining margins, necessary to incentivize existing refineries operating at high costs, or incremental investment in new capacity to ensure demand is met. The market was noticeably tight between 2004 and 2008, a period which experienced sustained high gross refining margins. The subsequent decline in oil product demand as a result of the 2008/09 economic crisis significantly weakened the market and resulted in a sustained environment in which margins for refiners were low. This low margin environment led to a number of refinery closures resulting in a year-on-year decrease in installed capacity during the years 2010 and 2011. Wood Mackenzie expects that demand growth and planned refinery investments over the next three to four years will remain in balance, as recovering economies spur demand growth, while a number of announced major new refining projects face delays.

84

Global Refining Capacity vs Demand
9--* 110
-Q E . 100
TT3O
90
Q(/).
80
CTQO o 70
60

Forecast

 Global Oil Product Demand

Global Refinery Capacity

Source: W ood Mackenzie
Total global installed crude processing capacity was 100.2 million bbl/day at the end of 2015 from over 750 individual refineries. The Asia Pacific region has the largest installed refining capacity at 33.8 million bbl/day, and North America has the most complex refining system, with a weighted average Wood Mackenzie complexity rating of 9.2. Complexity provides a proxy for a refinery's ability to generate value by upgrading crude oil into higher value lighter products.
According to Wood Mackenzie net refinery crude processing capacity is expected to increase by 3.5 million bbl/day between 2015 and 2020, bringing global capacity to 104.3 million bbl/day by 2020. This increase in capacity is primarily due to a combination of 26 new refineries, or condensate splitters, adding 1.8 million bbl/day of capacity, expansions at existing refineries adding a further 2.2 million bbl/day and expected closures of existing plants thereby reducing capacity by 1.8 million bbl/day. The majority of these capacity additions are being planned in Asia and the Middle East, whilst Wood Mackenzie expects Europe to experience a net reduction in total refining capacity.
Wood Mackenzie forecasts that global oil product demand will increase by 4.5 million bbl/day between 2015 and 2020, representing a greater rate of expansion than expected net refining capacity additions during the same period, contributing to increasing refining margins.

Global Refinery Capacity Overview (2015)

Source: W ood Mackenzie
85

Despite the anticipated addition of 1.1 million bbl/day of new refining capacity by 2018, Wood Mackenzie forecasts that the Asia Pacific region will see its overall product deficit grow slightly due to strong demand growth in these large developing countries. Wood Mackenzie expects that the current surpluses in gasoline and diesel will fall as demand growth outpaces new refinery capacity additions. The region's expanding petrochemical industry will result in increasing deficits of naphtha, while growth in international trade will drive demand for fuel oil, increasing its current deficit.
The outlook for product balances in the Former Soviet Union hinges on the implementation of the large number of upgrading projects planned at refineries in Russia, which is being incentivized by changes to product export duty rates and domestic fuel specification requirements. The pace of project completion will determine by how much, and how fast, exports of fuel oil and heavy feedstocks from Russia decline and how much additional diesel/gasoil will be available for export, while the quality of these exports is expected to improve. The recent decline in the oil price, the depreciation of the Russian ruble and the sanctions imposed on Russia by a number of Western countries increase the risk of delays to these projects thereby potentially decreasing the amount of refined product available to export from Russia.
Latin America has seen increasing imports of oil products over the past few years, as demand has grown strongly, according to Wood Mackenzie, while capacity has remained stagnant and operational issues have curtailed ongoing/planned throughputs. Wood Mackenzie forecasts that the deficits will increase further in the short term, while planned refinery investments should start to decrease this deficit from 2016 onwards. There have already been a number of delays to refinery projects in the region, which may be further exacerbated by the current low oil price, which affects government and national oil company budgets. The region is forecast to remain deficit in transport fuels.
Product imbalances in the Middle East will undergo a marked change over the next few years. A wave of large, new refinery projects will start to come onstream over the next few years. This new capacity is expected to turn the region into a net exporter of middle distillates, while broadly balancing domestic gasoline demand.
North American product supply has been transformed by the rapid growth of tight oil production in the U.S. and Canada, which is encouraging high refinery throughputs. The recent decline in oil prices, however, has significantly increased demand. Fast growing production of NGLs, associated with shale gas, is further contributing to growing regional surpluses of LPG and naphtha. Refiners in the U.S. Gulf Coast with access to advantaged crude are expected to export increasing volumes of product to international markets.
Despite rising crude production in Sub-Saharan Africa, efforts to expand domestic refining capacity, or even to operate existing capacity to its full potential, remain elusive. With oil demand in the region growing steadily, increasing imports of transport fuels will be required.
European Refining Market Overview
Market Fundamentals
European Demand Trends. Europe is a mature energy market in which oil demand is in structural decline. Competition from other fuels has resulted in oil becoming increasingly concentrated in the transport and petrochemical sectors where the alternatives to oil have traditionally been more limited. Natural gas has eroded oil's share of energy use in the industrial, residential, and commercial sectors while coal and nuclear power, alongside natural gas, have consigned oil to a more marginal role in power generation. Transportation uses of oil (including marine bunkers) now make up nearly 60% of demand, while petrochemical feedstocks account for a further 15%.
86

Europe Oil Product Demand
M tp a

2015 - 2020 Expected Incremental Demand Change

H LPG

H Diesel/Gasoil*

H Naphtha

H Fuel Oil

H G asoline*

H O ther Products

H Jet/Kerosene H Refinery Fuel & Loss

Jet / Diesel / Other Naphtha Kerosene Gasoil Products

LPG Gasoline Fuel Oil

*N ote: Includes biofuels
Source: W ood Mackenzie
The rapid growth in diesel consumption within Europe over the past decade has been predominantly driven by the increasing number of diesel fuelled passenger cars. Europe currently has the largest portion of diesel cars within its fleet, equating to over 40% of total passenger cars in 2015. Uptake of diesel cars over gasoline has largely begun to plateau in recent years and is expected to reverse in the longer term. Recent events such as the current Volkswagen emissions scandal, and breaches of air quality limits within a number of major European cities could further support a reduction in new diesel passenger vehicles going forward.
Diesel demand is, however, expected by Wood Mackenzie to continue to increase over the next five years, predominantly driven by demand for commercial freight and trucking, rather than passenger cars as indicated in the chart below. To the extent that European GDP continues to recover, Wood Mackenzie expects industrial output and consumer spending to increase, which could lead to additional demand for trucking. Despite the current anti-diesel rhetoric, which could impact diesel-fuelled passenger cars, there are no current economically viable alternatives to diesel fuelled trucks in the short term. Alternative fuel passenger vehicles such as hybrid and electric cars constitute less than 2% of the total vehicle population and therefore, have had a limited impact on the demand for gasoline and diesel.

European Diesel Demand by Vehicle Type
250
Q.
E cE 200 <0i-D3 150 QW. 100 O 즁 50

Forecast

O '-C N O ^ L O tD N C O O O '-tN C O ^ L O C D N C O O O ooooooooooooooooooooo CNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCNCN
 Diesel Passenger Cars  O ther Diesel Vehicles

Source: W ood Mackenzie

87

Refinery Closures. Europe has experienced a significant reduction in refinery capacity between 2010 and 2015 as indicated in the chart below. According to Wood Mackenzie, the closure of 19 major refineries in this period reduced installed refining capacity by two million bbl/day (a 10% decline in total refining capacity), leaving the region with capacity of approximately 18 million bbl/day. Closures occurred as a result of the sustained challenging market environment conditions, driven by:
 a significant reduction in global oil product demand as a result of the 2008/09 economic crisis;
 sustained weak demand growth within Europe due to slow economic recovery; and
 increasing competition and weakening margins due to the significant surplus in refining capacity.

European and North African Refining Capacity vs Demand
20 -i

Forecast

Olo cOOd rOO COO oO>

LO 0 N CO

C\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\JC\J

Oil Product Demand

 Refinery Capacity

Source: W ood M ackenzie, Preem
Wood Mackenzie expects that Europe's refinery output will decline further over the next few years as a result of continued competitive pressure. Refineries need to sustain relatively high levels of throughput utilization to maintain profitability; therefore, they expect that the structural decline in European refinery supply will be met by further refinery capacity closure. Refineries closures are most likely to occur amongst the weaker performing assets which will struggle to achieve profitability in the long term. Closure of weaker performing refineries will reduce competing supply and ultimately tighten the market going forward, improving the margin environment and the outlook for Europe's remaining refineries in the longer term.
European Refinery Investments. There are currently no major planned investments to expand refining capacity or build new greenfield plants within Europe. There are a small number of upgrading projects planned to improve the complexity of some existing plants within the region; these are typically limited to selected investments focused on core large scale assets which are strategically important.
European Products Supply and Demand Balance. Oil product balances provide a clear picture of products in regional surplus or deficit and changes to these over time indicate a relative tightness of each product market going forward. Products which are increasingly in regional surplus will require export to other regions where they may face competition and lower pricing (after taking into account the cost of freight). By contrast, products which are increasingly in regional deficit need to be imported and will typically achieve a price premium over other regions.
The figure below indicates Wood Mackenzie's outlook for oil product balances within Europe and highlights the high level of imbalance between various major product types which most notably results in the need for the significant import of diesel and export of gasoline volumes.

88

Europe Oil Product Balances
Mt 60

Surplus

-80

Gasoline* Jet/Kerosene Diesel/Gasoil*

Fuel Oil

2005 12010

2015

2020

Source: W ood Mackenzie
N ote:*Includes biofuels
Heavy Crude Price Differentials. Most of the crude oil by volume produced in Russia is Urals, which is widely used as a crude feedstock by European refineries. Urals is a heavier, higher sulfur crude oil, and therefore typically trades at a discount to Brent (a light sweet grade) reflecting the additional refinery capabilities required to process it into products effectively. Refineries which are configured to process heavier, higher sulfur crude oils will therefore benefit from being able to access discounted crude oil grades such as Urals. Since January 2013 Urals has traded at an average discount of $1.90/bbl compared to Brent. The heavy crude discount to Brent is expected to persist going forward.

Heavy Crude Differential to Brent

Jan-2013 Jul-2013 Jan-2014 Jul-2014 Jan-2015 Jul-2015 Jan-2016
Source: W ood Mackenzie
Other Major International Developments. A number of other major developments in the refining industry may have a global impact on the sector and, specifically, could have an effect on the European market, including the trends described in this section.
Two sulfur emission control areas (''SECAs'') were introduced within certain coastal regions of Europe: the Baltic Sea (from August 2006); and the North Sea and the English Channel (both from November 2007). SECAs originally had a 1.5 weight percentage (''wt%'') sulfur limit, which was reduced to 1.0 wt% from 2010 and has been reduced to 0.1 wt% in 2015. This has increased the surplus of fuel oil within Europe as a number of shippers have switched to using lower sulfur marine gasoil. The sulfur content for global marine bunkers is regulated by the International Maritime Organization, which has set a 4.5 wt% sulfur limit on the global shipping community. This limit was tightened to 3.5 wt% in 2012 and is planned to be reduced further to 0.5 wt% by 2020
89

(although this may be extended to 2025). This could further reduce demand for fuel oil from the marine bunker sector.
The Middle East expects to add approximately 2.1 MM bbl/day of new refining capacity between 2016 and 2022, according to Wood Mackenzie, of which 1.0 MM bbl/day consists of greenfield capacity additions and 1.1 MM bbl/day consists of capacity additions at existing refineries. These large scale refineries are aimed at processing domestic crudes to produce refined products for export to international markets. Middle distillates will likely be targeted towards the large European market, and heavy fuel oil and naphtha towards the deficit Asian markets.
Oil product output from the U.S. has increased in recent years driven by the rapid expansion of U.S. crude production following advancements in tight oil / shale drilling. This has resulted in crude oils and natural gas produced domestically in the U.S. trading at a discount to other comparable international grades. The low cost of crude oil and energy (a key operating expense for refiners) has improved the competitiveness of U.S. refiners, resulting in them operating at high throughput rates and increasing their export volume of finished products. Much of this advantage was underpinned by the U.S. crude export ban which has persisted since the 1970s. This ban was finally removed in December 2015, however, the price discount of US crudes compared to international grades had already begun to reduce during 2015, therefore limiting the immediate impact on pricing and exports. However, Wood Mackenzie expects that the lifting of the ban will erode some of the structural crude advantage the US refiners have received over the past five years.
The planned changes to Russian heavy product export tariffs could make it more attractive for Russian refiners to export light products (such as gasoline and diesel). This has incentivized many Russian operators to invest in upgrades as a result of which Wood Mackenzie expects that around 480,000 bbl/day of additional hydrotreating capacity and 1,000,000 bbl/day additional cracking/ coking processing capacity will be constructed between 2016 and 2022. This may increase light product exports, which could lead to an increase in the volume of competing finished products flowing into European markets. However, the planned tax change implementation timeline is currently being reviewed and is expected to be delayed (potentially by several years). This is likely a result of delays to refinery upgrades, the decline in oil prices, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and current economic sanctions against Russia.
Oil Product Cracks
The product 'crack' is the difference between the price of an oil product and the crude oil used to produce it. For consistency, brent crude oil and product prices within northwestern Europe are used as a basis for comparison. The changing relative value of different products is a key driver behind the way refineries operate, as refiners will strive to increase the volume of the higher value products and reduce the volume of the lower value products.
There has been significant volatility between product cracks during the past decade but, in general, lighter transport fuels such as gasoline, jet fuel and diesel achieve positive cracks, making their production attractive to refiners. Other products, such as fuel oil and naphtha, typically achieve a value less than Brent and, as such, will have a negative refinery margin impact and therefore will be less attractive for refiners to produce.
Gasoline Cracks
Gasoline cracks have improved in Europe during 2015, achieving some of the highest levels in the past 15 years. This has been driven by a number of factors including strong growth in demand (predominately in the U.S.) which has been stimulated by lower outright oil prices, strong car sales and higher levels of employment. Gasoline supply has also been partially constrained in the short term by the slow start-up of new refinery capacity in the Middle East and various operational problems at existing refineries (predominantly in Latin America) which has reduced stock levels. European refiners have been the swing producers for gasoline and strong crack spreads have been necessary to support higher runs at less complex refineries in Europe to meet demand.
90

NWE Gasoline Cracks

Gasoline 95R
Source: W ood Mackenzie
Middle Distillate Cracks
European diesel cracks remained relatively weak in 2015 compared to the average for the five year period between 2010 and 2014. Lower oil prices have lessened the demand switch to gasoil following the recent changes to marine bunker fuel specifications in the European SECAs and demand from the industrial and freight sector has been subdued. As a result, middle distillate stocks have increased, undermining crack spreads. Diesel cracks are expected to be underpinned over time as diesel supply in Europe decreases as a result of structurally declining production (due to refinery rationalization) and continued incremental increase in demand from the transport and aviation sectors.
NWE Middle Distillate Cracks

^

^

\N

Jet

Diesel

Source: W ood Mackenzie

Fuel Oil Cracks
Fuel oil cracks have strengthened during 2015 helped by lower outright oil prices increasing demand in some areas, particularly in Asia's power sector. This has reduced the impact of the decline in fuel oil demand from the marine bunker sector following the initiation of SECA legislation. Supply from Russia has also been constrained by lower crude runs following export duty increases at the start of 2015, which has tightened supply in the market.

91

NWE Fuel Oil Cracks

^ ^y3

^ Qc ,,<$>$>~\N ,,v 5 ^

^ ^ ^ V ^ ' V 5 rP5 'V5 (V5 ' F rP3 rP5 'V5 rP5 rP5 'V5

1 w t% S FO -- 3.5 w t% S FO

Source: W ood Mackenzie

Gross Refining Margins
Wood Mackenzie has developed a range of refinery margin benchmarks for northwestern Europe based on different typical configuration types. The physical configuration of a refinery will have a large impact on the way it processes the crude oil and the range of oil products it will produce. By applying the historical crude and oil products prices to the expected refinery product yields, an assessment of gross margins can be made. The three refinery types described below provide an overview of the range of typical refinery configurations present within Europe:
 Brent Hydroskimming--a simple refinery configuration which will process predominantly light / sweet crude. These refinery types do not have the equipment necessary to 'crack' heavy fractions of the crude into lighter more valuable products. These refinery types are typically the least profitable in Europe;
 Brent FCC Cracking--the most common refinery configuration within Europe. This type of refinery has an FCC (catalytic cracker) unit which enables processing and upgrading of some of the heavier fractions into lighter products. An FCC configuration is typically oriented to producing larger volumes of gasoline; and
 Urals Hydrocracking--a type of refinery with a hydrocracker unit which enables processing and upgrading of some of the heavier fractions into lighter products. A hydrocracker configuration is typically oriented to producing larger volumes of diesel.

European Refining Benchmark Gross Margins

qQ? ^

^^^^^^

~\N -팑' -팑* ^

NWE Brent Hydroskimming Source: W ood Mackenzie

NWE Brent Cracking

NWE UralsHydrocracking

92

Refining margins over the past 15 years have seen a high degree of volatility driven by various short and long term market effects. Notably, refinery margins were strongest through the years of 2004 to 2008 when growing demand outstripped additional supply, resulting in a tightening of the market. This period of strong margin performance came to an end in 2008/09 as the effects of the global economic crisis significantly reduced oil product demand, and slackened the market. Demand recovery has been slow, and a number of additional refinery investments planned during the stronger margins years came on-line adding to the oversupply situation. However, refinery closures in the last four years have reduced capacity by around 10% (according to Wood Mackenzie).
Since the third quarter of 2014, refining margins within Europe began to improve significantly and continued to do so throughout 2015, with only a slight weakening in the final quarter of the year. Margins during 2016 are also expected to remain strong, although not at the record highs experienced during 2015. The North West European Brent cracking margin (the major margin benchmark) peaked in June 2015, achieving the highest monthly margin of the past 20 years. According to Wood Mackenzie, this has predominantly been driven by a significant strengthening in demand for gasoline (enhanced by the significant recent reduction in oil processed), in addition to a number of unplanned refinery maintenance outages, and delays to new projects. This has created a relative shortage of gasoline, and margins in Europe have improved in order to incentivize refiners to run at high throughput rates to produce the additional product volumes to meet demand.
Hydroskimming margins achieved record high levels in 2015 according to Wood Mackenzie reflecting Europe's role as the swing producer for gasoline. Such margins have been necessary to provide the incentive for European refiners to maximize runs in order to meet global tightness in gasoline supply.
According to Wood Mackenzie, in recent years hydrocracking refineries (which are geared for diesel production) have had a stronger margin performance than FCC cracking refineries (predominantly gasoline producers). This is driven by diesel's structural strength over gasoline (driven by stronger demand growth) within Europe. However, during 2015 a tightening of global gasoline markets supported gasoline prices and FCC refiners in general, resulting in the highest benchmark margins for the past 20 years. In the longer term, the structural and growing deficits of diesel and declining gasoline demand within Europe are expected by Wood Mackenzie to be more supporting of hydrocracking margins.
Competitive Structure
An independent assessment of Net Cash Margin (''NCM'') ranking of all refineries in Europe is published annually by Wood Mackenzie.
Wood Mackenzie estimates the NCM for each refinery in Europe by separately modeling each refinery using linear programming techniques. The refinery NCM is a key indicator of competitiveness as this captures most of the critical elements of a refinery's performance that define its competitive position in the short / medium term.
It is defined as: Product Worth ($/bbl)--Cost of Crude ($/bbl)--Cash Operating Expenses ($/bbl), and is effectively equivalent to EBITDA per barrel of crude processed, based on Wood Mackenzie's modeled results.
NCM is calculated based on an assessment of five key elements described below:
 Crude cost--the aggregate crude cost based on crude pricing differentials and each refineries expected crude slate;
 Crude delivery cost--the cost of freight to deliver the expected crude slate to the refinery gate;
 Configuration--the value of refined products created, based on modeled refinery yield and market oil product pricing;
 Location benefit--The pricing premia / or demia a refinery may achieve on its product sales compared to the market based pricing, based on a local or export market potential; and
 Opex--The fixed and variable operating cash costs of each refinery based on configuration, crude slate, and location.
93

Modeled NCM results for refineries can be used to rank them in their relative competitive positions. The NCM is representative of a refinery's ability to compete on the margins per barrel and therefore ensure it is able to effectively place its product into the market against its competition.

European Refineries--2014 Ranking by Net Cash Margin*

$ / bbl
1

Top Quartile

2nd Quartile

3rd Quartile

4th Quartile

Source: W ood Mackenzie
 The top quartile typically have a number of structural advantages underpinning their competitive position in all market environments.
 Strongly performing second quartile refineries will maintain profitability in weak market environments, however further economic opportunities to upgrade to top quartile performance may be limited.
 Profitability of refiners in the third quartile is highly dependent on the prevailing market conditions.
 Wood Mackenzie expects fourth quartile refineries will remain unprofitable, although many of these assets may have other factors supporting them (integration, internal subsidies, trading operations etc.).
Sweden Oil Product Market Overview
Market Fundamentals
Oil product demand within Sweden peaked in 2003 at 17.2 mtpa, before entering a gradual structural decline. A sharper drop also occurred as a result of the wider global economic crisis in 2008/09. Total Swedish demand reached 13.7 mtpa in 2015 and is not expected to recover to pre-economic crisis levels despite a return to a positive GDP outlook for the country. This decrease

94

in demand is predominantly driven by energy policy in Sweden, which is heavily geared towards improving energy efficiency and maximizing the use of renewable energy.

Swedish Oil Product Demand

2015 - 2020 Incremental Demand Change

Forecast

LPG Naphtha G a s o lin e * Jet/Kerosene

D ie s e l/G a s o il* Fuel Oil I Other Products I Refinery Fuel & Loss

2015

2020

400

200

to

0

2Q. -200

-400

-600

231

24

21

-34

2015-2020 Incremental demand

Naphtha Jet/ Fuel Oil Diesel/

Kerosene

Gasoil*

-564 LPG Gasoline*

Source: W ood Mackenzie
Note: * includes biofuels
Wood Mackenzie expects LPG demand within Sweden to decline, with a reduction of 239 thousand tons per annum (''ktpa'') over the next five years as a result as a switch in feedstock demand within the petrochemicals sector (substituting LPG for naphtha and ethane). We expect demand from industrial and other sectors will remain relatively static.
Naphtha is predominantly consumed within Sweden's petrochemicals sector. Wood Mackenzie expects demand will increase over the next five years as naphtha becomes increasingly substituted for other alternative petrochemical feedstocks such as LPG.
Gasoline consumption is almost entirely limited to passenger road vehicles; Wood Mackenzie expects demand to decline by 0.6 mtpa during the next five years. This decline is driven predominantly by improving vehicle fuel efficiency gains of conventional gasoline-fueled vehicles, while other impacts from uptake of hybrid / electric cars are expected to remain limited within the five year time horizon. Wood Mackenzie expects some further switch from gasoline to diesel vehicles to occur which will also reduce overall demand. Other key factors such as the total car population, and number of miles driven per person are expected to stay relatively static over the next five years as Sweden's economy and demographics are mature.
Jet fuel/kerosene consumption within Sweden is dominated by the aviation sector (constituting more than 99% of consumption), with no significant alternative residential, commercial, or industrial uses. Wood Mackenzie expects a marginal increase in jet fuel demand of 24 ktpa over the next five years as a result of increased demand for both domestic and international aviation. Absolute growth is expected to be partially offset by improving fuel efficiency and passenger load factors of the airline industry.
Wood Mackenzie expects diesel / gasoil demand to remain relatively flat over the next five years, with a marginal decline of 34 ktpa. This follows a significant increase in total diesel / gasoil demand in 2015 due to implementation of the SECA legislation, resulting in a switch from away from fuel oil to marine gasoil bunker fuel for a number of vessels. Demand for road transport diesel is expected to increase slightly resulting from increasing commercial trucking volumes as improving GDP increases industrial output, while diesel vehicle car ownership is also expected to increase over the period. Diesel car ownership in Sweden is amongst the lowest in Europe as historically higher annual rates of taxation have been applied compared to gasoline cars. However, the share of diesel cars in new registrations has been increasing since 2010, which is a trend that is expected to continue. Growth in road diesel demand is expected to be largely offset by declining gasoil consumption within the residential and commercial sectors. Gasoil usage for local heating is in structural decline and increasingly displaced by direct electrical supply as the government promotes more use of renewable fuels.

95

Fuel oil demand is predominantly consumed within the bunkering and power generation sectors, and Wood Mackenzie expects over the next five years that there will be a marginal increase in demand of 21 ktpa. This growth in demand is expected to come from the bunker fuel sector. Fuel oil demand in the bunker sector experienced a significant one-off decline in 2015 (by around 1 mtpa) as a result of SECA legislation requiring the usage of lower sulfur fuels within certain European coastal waters. Fuel oil bunker demand is expected to return to gradual growth driven by international shipping by vessels which traverse international (non-SECA) waters where the fuel is still compliant. Wood Mackenzie expects fuel oil consumption within the industrial and power sectors to decline as the industry adjusts towards lower carbon or renewable sources. However, fuel oil demand into the power sector can fluctuate due to the inflexibility of supply of other energy sources to meet demand. This applies particularly to hydroelectric power, which is an important source of electricity in Sweden, but for which output varies from year to year depending on rainfall.

Retail Market
Sweden's retail market is a relatively concentrated market with four major players (Preem, Statoil Fuel and Retail, OKQ8, and St1) controlling around 90% of the market by volume. There are around 2,700 retail stations within the country comprising a mixture of automats (un-manned) and full service (manned) stations. Retail prices in Sweden are set in relation to competitive market forces and are subject to local variation. Wood Mackenzie expects Sweden's retail network to achieve an average throughput per site of around 1.8 million liters.
The Swedish retail market has seen a high level of activity over the past decade following a period of intense competition which increased the pressure to reduce costs and close under performing outlets. Aggressive price competition in 2005/06 as a result of various retail market players competing to increase market share led to a reduction in retail margins. This resulted in a sharp decline in both the total number of retail stations and the number of major retail operators as a series of network mergers occurred.
In 2007 Statoil merged with Norsk Hydro's petroleum business, which was subsequently followed in 2008 by Statoil's acquisition of ConocoPhillips' JET-branded Nordic petrol stations. However, the deal was scrutinized by the Swedish Competition Commission and was approved on the condition that Statoil sell 158 unmanned outlets in Sweden. In 2009 St1 purchased these service stations from Statoil, and in 2010 acquired Shell's road fuel retailing business (in both Finland and Sweden) and took ownership of the Shell Gothenburg refinery. In 2014 DCC Energy acquired the retail network of 300 automated stations in Sweden from QStar, which also controls a number of alternate branded dealer operated retail sites.
Following the significant network consolidation, the sector is now controlled by the four major players, and since 2007 gross retail margins have seen a sustained improvement over time. A number of other smaller scale retail networks exist, which account for around eight per cent of the total retail volume.

Retail Branded Product Market Share (2014)(*1)
Other, 8%

Preem, 14%

St1, 19%

OkQ8, 26%

Statoil, 34%

Source: W ood M ackenzie, Sw edish Petroleum Institute, Statistics Sweden (SCB), Preem (1) Fuel sales b y branded retail n e tw o rk and v o lu m e s (excludes je t fuel).

96

Retail gross margins have seen a sustained period of improvement since 2008 and are above the levels which preceded the increased price competition in 2005/06. Margins steadied out during 2014 and improved again in 2015 with gasoline margins averaging 1.0 SEK/Liter and diesel 1.3 SEK/Liter.
Sweden Monthly Fuels Retail Gross Margins
1.6 1.4 1.2 LU 1.0 0.8 | 0.6 0.4
o
0.2

-- Diesel

ULG 95

Source: W ood Mackenzie

Fuels Quality
Sweden has been at the forefront of the move to cleaner transport fuels since the introduction of unleaded gasoline in the mid-1980s. Sweden sets its own gasoline and diesel specifications which are of a higher quality than the typical minimum requirements mandated by the EU.
Diesel fuel has been subject to an environmental classification in Sweden since 1991 and virtually all retail diesel sold in Sweden is now of the 'class 1' grade ("MK1"). MK1 diesel has a higher quality compared to European diesel (EN 590 grade), which results in a lower emissions output from MK1. Producing diesel to the more stringent MK1 quality requires additional processing steps at a refinery with the necessary plant, equipment and know-how. Wood Mackenzie understands that very few refining assets outside of Sweden can currently produce diesel to the current MK1 specification.
Following the implementation of the 2006 renewable fuel legislation in Sweden, all service stations selling more than one million liters per annum must also provide at least one renewable fuel such as E85 (a 85% ethanol content gasoline blend), biodiesel or compressed natural gas. The blending of these fuels is currently incentivized as they are exempt from excise duty.

97

BUSINESS
Overview
We are the largest oil refining company in the Nordic Region by production capacity with two technologically advanced refineries and a leading fuel distribution and retail network in Sweden. Preemraff Lysekil, one of our refineries, is the largest refinery by production capacity in the Nordic Region with production capacity of 220,000 bbl/day mainly for export outside of Sweden. Preemraff Lysekil consistently ranks in the first or second quartile of European refineries according to Wood Mackenzie. Preemraff Gothenburg, our other refinery, has production capacity of approximately 125,000 bbl/day with a focus on producing ultra-low sulfur diesel and gasoline that meet stringent Swedish environmental standards mainly for use in Sweden and the United Kingdom. Both refineries are located on the western Swedish coast with integrated harbors which are large enough to accept VLCCs, providing advantageous access to North Sea and Ural crude oil supplies. In addition, we have an extensive fuel distribution and retail network in Sweden, consisting of 341 Preem-branded service stations and 165 Saifa-branded diesel truck stops.
We believe the energy and environmental efficiency levels achieved at our Preemraff Lysekil refinery are among the most competitive compared to those achieved at other European integrated refineries. We further believe that the higher environmental quality low-sulfur diesel refined at our Preemraff Gothenburg refinery has the highest proportion of renewably sourced content on the Swedish market compared to other conventional diesel. In comparison to other European integrated refineries, we believe that we also benefit from close access to demand centers in northwestern Europe and a stable home market with high barriers to entry.
The Ultimate Shareholder, Mohammed Al-Amoudi, acquired our business in 1994. Mr. Al-Amoudi was ranked by Forbes as the 138th richest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of $8.3 billion, as of March 1,2016. He has demonstrated his continued commitment to the business, including by further extending the subordination and maturity of the Subordinated Shareholder Debt in connection with the Transactions. He has made additional contributions to the Issuer of SEK 6,025 million (equivalent to approximately $721 million or 660 million using the SEK:$ and SEK: exchange rates as of December 31, 2015 as set out in ''Exchange Rate Information'') as of December 31, 2015 via shareholder loans and contributions to equity since 2010. On February 29, 2016, an additional SEK 500 million was converted from an Existing Shareholder Loan to a shareholder's contribution. This is in addition to the Ultimate Shareholder's ownership of the Existing Shareholder Notes. In addition to improving our capitalization, a portion of these funds have been invested in our refinery assets to further advance our position as a sustainable and profitable downstream energy company in a market responding to increasing environmental standards.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, we had sales revenue of SEK 66,006 million ($7,903 million or 7,226 million) and Adjusted EBITDA of SEK 5,428 million ($650 million or 594 million). Our leverage ratio on a pro forma basis for the consummation of the Transactions as of March 31, 2016 amounts to 2.0 (excluding Subordinated Shareholder Debt and excluding any letters of credit that the Group has outstanding), based upon (i) our preliminary financial information as of March 31, 2016, as derived from our preliminary management accounts that have not been subject to any audit or review procedures and which are, therefore, subject to change, and (ii) using the March 31, 2016 exchange rates provided in ''Exchange Rate Information."
Our business operates through two segments, a Supply and Refining segment and a Marketing and Sales segment. We refine crude oil in Sweden and then market and sell refined products primarily in Sweden and other northwestern European markets, including Scandinavia, France, Germany and the United Kingdom, as well as, to a lesser extent, the United States and other markets. Our refineries represented approximately 80% of the refining capacity in Sweden and approximately 29% of the refining capacity in the Nordic Region for the year ended December 31, 2015. We sell more refined products in Sweden than any of our competitors.
98

We estimate that we have sold approximately 41% of all refined products sold in Sweden during the year ended December 31, 2015.

Revenue by segment (year ended
December 31, 2015)

EBITDA by segment (year ended
December 31, 2015)

 Supply and Refining
 Marketing

 Supply and Refining
 Marketing

Our technologically advanced refineries and advantageous port locations allow us to match the changing fuel needs of our key markets and acquire low cost feedstock while optimizing production. We source feedstock from the North Sea, Russia, West Africa and the Middle East to produce a transportation fuel-skewed production slate. We benefit from a well-invested asset base with a Nelson Complexity Index of 10.0 for Preemraff Lysekil and 7.1 for Preemraff Gothenburg which allows us to produce high margin transportation fuels efficiently. As a technologically advanced refinery, Preemraff Lysekil is able to process a predominantly heavy crude slate into a transportation fuel-skewed range of products which provide substantial flexibility in sourcing feedstock at attractive prices in the market. We believe that Preemraff Gothenburg is one of the most competitive and environmentally oriented hydroskimming refineries in Europe. Preemraff Gothenburg produces a higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel when compared to other fuels, which has generated relatively high margins, and includes approximately 35% biofuel in the case of diesel and 10% biofuel in the case of gasoline. Additionally, Preemraff Gothenburg includes two integrated systems for the utilization and sale of surplus heat. We sell our surplus heat to the City of Gothenburg.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, our Supply and Refining segment had sales revenue (including internal sales and exchange rate differences) of SEK 64,194 million ($7,686 million or 7,027 million) and EBITDA of SEK 4,303 million ($515 million or 471 million).
Our Marketing and Sales segment services both the Swedish business market (''Energy Division'') and the retail transportation fuel market (''Retail Division''). For the year ended December 31,2015 we estimate that we maintained the leading market share measured by volume in diesel (34%) and fuel oil (62%), and one of the leading market shares in heating oil (48%) in the Swedish market, according to our calculations based on Swedish Statistical Central Bureau data. The Retail Division sells gasoline and diesel through a network which, as of December 31, 2015, consisted of 341 Preem-branded service stations (of which 100 are manned, company-owned and dealer-operated, and 241 are unmanned, company-owned and company-operated) along with 165 company-owned and company-operated Saifa-branded diesel truck stops. We believe the addition of our higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel has created a differentiator in the market. Our retail market share, as per our estimations, increased to 18.8% for the year ended December 31, 2015 measured by volume, from 18.7% for the year ended December 31, 2014.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, our Marketing and Sales segment had sales revenue (including internal sales and exchange rate differences) of SEK 15,612 million ($1,869 million or 1,709 million) and EBITDA of SEK 519 million ($62 million or 57 million).
Segment financial data, including ''sales revenue'', ''EBITDA'' and ''Adjusted EBITDA'', including sales from one segment to another and excludes consolidation adjustments, central corporate costs and the impact of exchange rate movements. Accordingly, the sum of these items on a segment basis will not be equal to the sum of the segment results or otherwise directly comparable to the same items set out in our consolidated accounts.

99

Our Strengths
We believe we benefit from the following competitive strengths:
Technologically advanced refineries
Since being acquired by our Ultimate Shareholder in 1994, we have remained committed to being a technologically advanced refining company. Through our positioning in the entire value chain of the supply, refinery and distribution sections of the refining business, we are able to compete effectively with the refinery divisions of integrated energy companies. By focusing attention and investment in technology in relation to the refining part of the business that we believe is not the main focus of our integrated competitors, we are able to capitalize quickly on market opportunities with the aim of achieving relatively more consistent and profitable results.
Preemraff Lysekil has a Nelson Complexity Index ranking of 10.0, a complex cracking and large desulfurization capability, and includes visbreaker, fluid catalytic cracker, mild hydrocracker and hydrocracker upgrading units which are used to convert a significant portion of residual fuel oils to lighter, higher-value products. These investments allow Preemraff Lysekil to manufacture diesel with very low sulfur content (10 parts per million) that meets stringent Swedish environmental standards as well as the less burdensome environmental standards of the United Kingdom and the European Union. Recent investments in 2014 to improve efficiency and profitability at Preemraff Lysekil include an LNG terminal that enables use of LNG as an energy feedstock. Preemraff Lysekil's last turnaround was in 2013, with the next turnaround scheduled for 2019. Preemraff Lysekil has a total storage capacity of approximately 15 million barrels, which provides additional operating flexibility in times of short term supply interruptions. The refinery is located on a 465-acre site on the west coast of Sweden with direct access to Brofjord, the second largest harbor in Sweden in terms of millions of tons handled according to the Swedish government's transport agency. The harbor, which we own, provides us with direct deep water jetty access to oil tankers and VLCCs for both the import of crude oil and the distribution of refined products. Preemraff Lysekil is able to process feedstock composed of up to 100% heavy crude which allows us to acquire feedstock from a wide range of oil producing areas on a cost effective basis. For example, Preemraff Lysekil's complex configuration has recently allowed us to purchase crude oil cargos originating from Saudi Arabia and Nigeria to take advantage of attractive pricing. To maximize the advantage of its port access near large customer bases in northwestern Europe, 80% of Preemraff Lysekil's production was exported for the year ended December 31, 2015, with the majority of refined product sold in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Denmark.
Preemraff Gothenburg has been designed as a sophisticated hydroskimmer with an advanced desulfurization unit and a mild hydrocracker to maximize the value of our proximity to Sweden's major population centers by meeting Swedish retail and business energy demand. In addition to its Nelson Complexity Index ranking of 7.1, this refinery has a Green Hydrotreater which enables us to produce higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel which we sell to environmentally conscious Swedish commercial customers. We believe that our higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel includes the highest percentage of renewable fuel in conventional diesel and gasoline in the market (which is substantial in the case of diesel) and that using it instead of conventional transportation fuel reduces net carbon impact. We believe that there are only five refineries within northwest Europe that have the capacity to produce this kind of higher environmental quality fuel, including both of Preem's refining assets. Three of these refineries (including Preemraff Gothenburg and Preemraff Lysekil) are located in Sweden, one is located in Denmark and the other in Finland. Recent investments include the construction of a Diesel Isomerization Unit which was completed in September 2015 and which has resulted in an increase in renewable diesel production capacity at Preemraff Gothenburg of approximately 80% to 85%. The refinery also benefits from two integrated waste-heat extraction systems for the utilization and sale of surplus heat. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Preemraff Gothenburg generated additional revenue from the sale of surplus heat to the City of Gothenburg of SEK 38.9 million ($5 million or 4 million) with relatively little additional operating cost. Preemraff Gothenburg's last turnaround was in 2011, with the next turnaround scheduled for 2017. Preemraff Gothenburg has a total storage capacity of approximately 12 million barrels, which provides additional operating flexibility in times of short term supply interruptions. The refinery is located on a 370-acre site near the harbor of Torshamnen, Sweden's largest harbor, in Gothenburg. Preemraff Gothenburg's proximity to this harbor, which provides for oil tanker and VLCC access, helps it to
100

maintain low crude oil transportation costs and its proximity to the west coast inland market helps it to minimize distribution costs to our business and retail fuel distribution network. 69% of Preemraff Gothenburg's production was exported for the year ended December 31,2015, with the bulk of the exported refined products sold in the United Kingdom.
We believe that our refinery assets are among the best in class by type, providing feedstock procurement flexibility and a high yield of higher value transportation fuels, while allowing us to process feedstock in an energy and environmentally efficient manner. We believe that all of these factors allow us to maximize profitability throughout economic cycles.
According to Wood Mackenzie, 2010 to 2014 presented a challenging time period for European refineries which resulted in the closures of a number of non-competitive assets. Despite these challenges, strong, competitive, more modern refineries such as ours continued to generate income and profit during this period. Further closures of relatively weaker refinery assets are likely to help strengthen the market, and we believe such closures will be to our benefit. The figure below indicates the average net cash margin results from Wood Mackenzie's analysis of European refineries over the past five years, with identification of refinery closures which occurred during this time. Almost all of the refinery closures assessed have been in the fourth quartile for competitiveness and are expected to have had negative refining margins. European Refinery Net Cash Margin--5 Year Average 2010-2014
Source: W ood M ackenzie, Preem R e fineries clo se d d u rin g th is p e rio d have been in clu d e d in th e ir ranked p o s itio n s as o f th e ye a r o f clo su re
Wood Mackenzie has provided an assessment of net cash margin for competing European refineries in 2014 based on their published research and analysis and, as detailed in the table below, has ranked our net cash margin for 2014 against our European peer group. Preemraff Lysekil achieved a strong first quartile performance in 2014 with a net cash margin for the year of 3.3 $/bbl, a solid performance despite a number of major planned and unplanned maintenance shutdowns. The Preemraff Gothenburg refinery achieved a second quartile performance in 2014, with a net cash margin of 0.9 $/bbl.
101

European Refinery Net Cash Margin Assessment (2014)
10 8 6 4 2 0 -2 -4 -6 -8
-10

4th Quartile

Source: W ood M ackenzie, Preem
According to Wood Mackenzie, data for 2015 indicates an increase in global oil demand and a strengthening margin environment for European refineries. For more discussion of global oil demand and margins for European refineries see ''Industry--Global Refining Market Overview.''

Ideal refinery locations with direct deep sea access
Our refineries are located on the west coast of Sweden which is on the primary seaways for feedstocks destined for northwestern Europe, including North Sea low sulfur and Urals. Furthermore, because of the close proximity of our refineries to our principal target markets in northwestern Europe, we maintain low transportation costs, while also maintaining advantaged access to the inland consumption market in Sweden, our core market. To capitalize on Europe's economic recovery, we have focused on producing transportation fuels, particularly diesel, as diesel demand has continued to exceed regional production capacity during the last decade and this imbalance is expected to persist at least until 2020, according to Wood Mackenzie.

102

Supply and Trading revenue by customer (year ended December 31, 2015)
 Greenergy
 Statoil Fuel and Retail
 OK-Q8
 BP Oil International
 Shell Rotterdam
 Phillips 66
j Other

Preemraff Gothenburg crude slate (year ended
December 31, 2015)
 North Sea LS  WAF LS

Preemraff Lysekil crude slate (year ended
December 31, 2015)

2%

3%

10%

 North Sea LS

WAF LS

 Urals HS

M WAFHS

Largest oil refining company in the Nordic Region with leading market position
Our network of business and retail outlets in Sweden is a natural extension of our refining operations and serves as an important captive distribution channel for our refined petroleum products. As a result of our extensive downstream footprint in Sweden, for the year ended December 31, 2015, we had the leading market share in terms of sales volume of diesel and fuel oil and one of the leading market shares in heating oil, with approximately 34% of diesel sales, 62% of fuel oil sales and 48% of heating oil sales according to our calculations based on data from the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau.
The charts below detail the proportions of various Swedish market shares held by us, as a percentage of our total market share, and our applicable top three competitors as at December 31, 2015.

Diesel Market Share (year ended
December 31, 2015)

2%

 Preem AB

 OK-Q8

 ST 1

 Statoil Fuel and Retail
n Other

Fuel Oil Market Share (year ended
December 31, 2015)
14%
 Preem AB  ST 1  Direkt Import

Heating Oil Market Share (year ended
December 31, 2015)
5%  Preem AB  OK-Q8  ST 1  Other

Source: G roup calculations based on data from the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau.
We believe that there are several factors that will support our continued market leading position:
 Technologically advanced refined product (i.e. ultra-low sulfur and renewable sourced fuel) that we believe potential entrants would find challenging and cost prohibitive to replicate;
 Environmental permits and licenses to operate in the Nordic Region, which are some of the most stringent in the world and which we believe would require a significant commitment of time and capital for a potential entrant to acquire;
 The vertical integration of our terminals, refineries, storage facilities and distribution networks in Sweden, which we believe would limit the ability of entrants to compete at individual points of the value chain given their heavily interlinked nature;
 The marketing of our higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel, which has continued to improve our environmental credentials, brand recognition of the Preem brand and loyalty among Swedish business and retail customers;
 Swedish fuel standards, which are more rigorous than those of neighboring markets and which we believe limit the upside potential of entrants due to the need to modify refineries to meet the requirements of a well-served market; and

103

 A long-term skilled and specialized workforce is required to safely and efficiently operate a vertically integrated downstream energy company which we believe new entrants would find difficult to recreate.
Market leading innovations We have implemented two key innovations over recent years:  SunPine--A joint venture, which is approximately 25% owned by Preem, with the following partners: Sodra Skogsagarna ek. for. (approximately 25%), Sveaskog Forvaltnings Aktiebolag (publ) (approximately 25%), Lawter BVBA (approximately 10%) and Kiram AB (approximately 15%). The SunPine biorefinery uses renewable resources (namely pulp excess) to generate feedstock for the Green Hydrotreater located at Preemraff Gothenburg. The biofuel production at SunPine for the year ended December 31, 2015 was 80,988 tons of tall oil; and  Preemraff Gothenburg has waste-heat extraction systems which enable us to sell surplus heat which would otherwise be wasted. We estimate that volumes sold correspond to the heating equivalent of approximately 200,000 barrels of fuel oil per year to the district heating system of the City of Gothenburg. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Preemraff Gothenburg generated additional revenue from these activities of SEK 38.9 million ($5 million or 4 million) at relatively little additional operating costs. As a result of our continuous improvement initiatives, we strongly believe that our refineries
emit on average less carbon dioxide equivalents, less nitrogen oxides (NOx) and less sulfur (SOx) than the average refinery in Western Europe. We believe our strong environmental credentials are viewed positively by customers, stakeholders and environmental regulators.
We believe the net impact of these innovations improves our profitability and our reputation with stakeholders, provides stable, high margin revenue streams and demonstrates our responsible approach to maximizing the long-term value of our assets. We continue to invest in promising developments that we believe will have meaningful impacts on our sustainable profitability, including converting industrial byproducts such as lignin into feedstock and producing refined products for the chemical industry instead of lower margin portions of our production slate.
Integrated marketing business provides stable cash flows Our extensive terminal and storage network allows us to optimize distribution across Sweden
and northwestern Europe to our business and retail network, large corporate customers and thirdparty distributors. Sales through our retail network, which included, as of December 31,2015, 341 Preem-branded service stations (of which 100 are company-owned and dealer-operated, and 241 are company-owned and company-operated) along with 165 company-owned and companyoperated Saifa-branded diesel truck stops, provide us with a secure and reliable distribution outlet while business-to-business sales to large corporate customers and third-party distributors allow us to capture additional margins over the bulk spot market. As a result of our extensive downstream footprint in Sweden, for the year ended December 31, 2015, we had the leading market share in terms of sales volume of diesel and fuel oil and one of the leading market shares in heating oil, with approximately 34% of diesel sales, 62% of fuel oil sales and 48% of heating oil sales, according to our own calculations based on data from the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau.
104

The table below shows the operating profit of our Marketing and Sales segment for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.

Operating Profit (in million SEK)

433

422

370

390

r
Year ended December 31,
2012

Year ended December 31,
2013

T
Year ended December 31,
2014

1
Year ended December 31,
2015

Supportive refining industry fundamentals
Global oil product demand is expected by Wood Mackenzie to continue to increase from around 4,300 mtpa in 2015 to around 4,470 mtpa by 2020, driven by increasing global economic development and population. Demand from emerging economies within the Asia Pacific region, the Middle East and Latin America are expected to constitute the largest portion of this increase. Rising incomes and growing vehicle numbers in these regions are pushing up demand for oil products. Wood Mackenzie believes that the structural growth in demand for oil products will underpin the need for continued oil products sourced from refiners and the requirement for additional investment in the sector over time.
According to Wood Mackenzie, European demand for oil products is forecasted to remain relatively stable over the next five years, reaching an estimated 786 mtpa by 2020 (a relatively small decrease from the expected demand of approximately 801 mtpa for 2015). Despite the predictions of an improving economic outlook for the European region, any increase in fuel consumption based on economic growth is restricted by the relatively low oil intensity of this economic recovery, in addition to improving fuel efficiency standards arising from more stringent environmental regulations coming into effect. A much larger variation exists between different product types, as decline in demand for some products, such as gasoline, fuel oil and naphtha, are offset by strong growth in middle distillates (such as diesel and jet fuel). Demand for diesel fuel is driven mainly by the commercial freight and trucking sector and, to a lesser extent, by passenger vehicle demand.
Europe's large deficit in middle distillates is expected by Wood Mackenzie to increase significantly over the next five years, from 48 mtpa in 2015 to approximately 71 mtpa by 2020. This significant increase is anticipated to be the result of strong growth in demand and declining supply, as output from a number of less competitive refining assets is expected to decrease. As a result, European imports of these products will need to increase, which should support prices and markets for domestic refiners.
Europe has experienced a significant reduction in refinery capacity over the past five years. Between 2010 and 2015, 15 major refineries have closed down, and four have rationalized their crude processing capacity, which has reduced total installed capacity by two million bbl/day (a 10% decline in total refining capacity). As a result, the refining capacity of the region is approximately 18 million bbl/day. We believe that closures have generally been of less competitive refineries which have struggled to achieve profitability during the sustained challenging market environment conditions of the past five years. Additional closures are expected which will further reduce supply and ultimately tighten the market going forward, which should support the refining margins and the outlook for Europe's remaining refiners in the longer term.
Since the third quarter of 2014, refining margins within Europe began to improve significantly and continued to do so throughout 2015, with only a slight weakening in the final quarter of the year. This has predominantly been driven by significant capacity closures, a significant increase in demand for gasoline, a number of unplanned refinery maintenance closures and delays to new projects. The resultant shortage of gasoline has resulted in higher European refining margins in order to incentivize refiners to run refineries at higher throughput rates, thereby increasing supply to meet demand.

105

Strong management team with an average of approximately 15 years of industry experience
Our senior management team has over 100 years of combined experience in the oil supply and refining industry; including members of management with more than 20 years of experience at Preem and others who bring extensive experience from companies such as ExxonMobil and Vattenfall. The depth of experience and technical knowledge of our management team underscores our ability to develop and implement strategies to align our operations with trends in the refining industry.
Highly supportive long-term shareholder
Mr. Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi is our ultimate controlling shareholder. Mr. Al-Amoudi has stated that he employs over 70,000 people globally through his portfolio companies. According to Forbes, Mr. Al-Amoudi was ranked as the 138th wealthiest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of $8.3 billion as of March 1, 2016. Mr. Al-Amoudi began his career in construction before diversifying his holdings into energy, agribusiness, real estate, manufacturing, industrial services, engineering, tourism and international trade.
Since acquiring our business in 1994, Mr. Al-Amoudi has supported our growth into one of Europe's most technologically advanced downstream energy companies. We represent a key investment in Mr. Al-Amoudi's energy portfolio which includes holdings in Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB (Exploration & Production), Societe Anonyme Marocaine de l'Industrie Raffinage (Refining), NAFT (Retail Distribution), The Coral Oil Co. (Retail Distribution) and The Speed Oil Co. (Retail Distribution).
Mr. Al-Amoudi remains fully committed to our business and, as the Chairman of our Board of Directors, is fully involved in ongoing strategic and operating decisions. Mr. Al-Amoudi has demonstrated a willingness and ability to invest in our business in challenging market conditions, such as during 2011 when oversupply in the European fuel market led to low margins, as well as by further extending the subordination and maturity of the Subordinated Shareholder Debt in connection with the Transactions. He has made additional contributions to the Issuer of SEK 6,025 million (equivalent to approximately $721 million or 660 million using the SEK:$ and SEK: exchange rates as of December 31, 2015 as set out in ''Exchange Rate Information'') as of December 31, 2015 via shareholder loans and contributions to equity since 2010. On February 29, 2016, an additional SEK 500 million was converted from an Existing Shareholder Loan to a shareholder's contribution. In addition to improving our capitalization, a portion of these funds have been invested in our refinery assets to further advance our position as a sustainable and profitable downstream energy company in a market responding to increasing environmental standards.
Our Strategy
Our business strategy is to enhance our operating margins and strengthen our position as one of Europe's largest independent oil refining companies with the largest oil refining capacity located in the Nordic Region by employing the key measures set forth below:
Maximize our refineries' margins
We intend to continue to maximize our refining margins and the value of our products by supplying each refinery with the optimal crude oil package based on our regular evaluation of the economics of multiple available crudes and feedstocks. This includes continuously exploring opportunities to optimize our ability to process typically low cost, high-sulfur crude oils. We also believe that diesel fuel margins have large growth potential which is mainly driven by economic upturns and industrial growth in addition to the current structural shortfall in diesel fuel supply.
106

Therefore, we are focused on ensuring that our refineries remain well positioned to meet any increase in demand through our large diesel production capacity.

Refinery Production Yield (year ended December 31, 2015)

100% 1 80% 60% 40% 20% 0%

28%

72%

Diesel & Gasoil 43%
G asoline 29%

59%

Diesel & Gasoil 40%
G a s o lin e 19%

70%

Diesel & Gasoil
: 29%
G a s o lin e 41%

Preem

European average

US average

Gasoline, Diesel & Gasoil

 Other

Diesel Market Share (year ended
December 31, 2015)

2%

 Preem AB

 OK-Q8

 ST 1

 Statoil Fuel and Retail
H Other

Source: Preem and W ood Mackenzie.
Maintain focus on improving our refineries' cost structure
We intend to maintain our focus on operational excellence and reduce operating costs by continuing to capitalize on the synergies captured under the unification of our two refineries. We will also further explore methods to fully utilize the sophisticated configuration of our refineries, especially at Preemraff Lysekil. For example, we have recently entered into an arrangement with an experienced EPC provider to work towards adding further capability to refine heavy oils. In parallel, we intend to continue to improve the quality of our refined products and to optimize our maintenance costs through more efficient work procedures while remaining mindful of maintaining and even increasing operational availability.

Capitalize on our brand and product strength in our marketing operations
We aim to build on our leadership in the business-to-business market and to maximize the value of our captive home market by expanding our retail footprint to win a greater percentage of the retail market. In light of evolving consumer preferences and environmental requirements, we are focusing on capitalizing on our strength and reputation as a provider of renewable fuel and energy. In addition, we strive to broaden and intensify our involvement with both customers and distributors whilst adapting our product portfolio to future demands in Sweden and the international market.

Share of Swedish Business and Industry Market
(year ended December 31, 2014 or 2015, as indicated)

Diesel Market Share

3% Other 4%

17%

X

21%

24% S S I 19%

Fuel Oil Market Share

Other 24% m e t

14% 24%

56% /s\ 57%

64%

62%

Share of Swedish Retail Market (year ended December 31, 2015)

2014

2015

2014

2013

Source: G roup calculations based on data fro m the Swedish Statistical Central Bureau.

Continue to develop and market biofuels and pursue other sustainable business initiatives
The demand for biofuels is increasing, and as Sweden's largest producer of fuels, we strive to lead the development of sustainable fuel sources that meet the transportation and energy demands of modern society. We intend to increase our presence in this market by developing and selectively testing an array of alternative fuels that use renewable raw materials that do not compete with global food production, do not reduce water assets and do not threaten biodiversity. We also intend to continue to explore methods to reduce our emission levels and to optimize our energy consumption to further ensure the sustainability of our business, such as through

107

harnessing alternative energy sources like wind power and implementing the best available technology in our refining processes to reduce emissions.

Make disciplined capital and strategic investments
We regularly evaluate and consider prudent investments to maintain and enhance our production capabilities and business. For example, we currently plan to make investments in a new MK1 blender at Preemraff Gothenburg which we expect will increase production flexibility and enable optimization of MK1 production units, particularly with regard to hydrogen utilization, at an approximate cost of SEK 29 million (approximately $3.5 million or  3.2 million). In addition, we plan to invest approximately SEK 1,600 million ($192 million or 175 million), spread over three years budgeted as 20% in 2016, 40% in 2017 and 40% in 2018, in vacuum distillation equipment at Preemraff Lysekil, which is targeted to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our current expectation is that this upgrade will increase Preemraff Lysekil's refining margins by approximately $0.50/bbl, with a payback period of approximately 3 years. We are also planning to upgrade our IT systems by 2017 for an estimated cost of approximately SEK 500 million (approximately $60 million or 55 million). We also regularly evaluate and pursue select opportunities to expand our distribution and marketing footprint, including possible opportunities for an increased retail network and depot capacity elsewhere in the Nordic Region. We are pursuing additional potential capital and strategic investments as described in ''--Recent Developments,'' below.

Continue our deleveraging process, including our plan to pay cash interest on the Notes
We believe that improvements to our capital efficiency, including by means of the Transactions, will enable us to better service our debt and to continue to reduce our financial leverage over time. Since 2011, we have been amortizing the term loan portion of the Credit Facilities at an average of approximately $109 million per year from an initial principal amount of $650 million (equivalent) at September 14, 2011 to $100 million (equivalent) as of December 31, 2015.

Term Loan Credit Facilities--Outstanding Balance (in million, SEK equivalent)

4,194

4,244

Septem ber 14, Decem ber 31, Decem ber 31, Decem ber 31, Decem ber 31, Decem ber 31,

2011

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

We expect that we will fully repay the term loan portion of the Credit Facilities prior to the term loan's maturity in September, 2016. Subject to continued compliance with limitations in the A&R Credit Facility and maintenance of adequate liquidity during changing market conditions, we expect that any positive cash flows from operations which might have otherwise been used to finance the amortization of the term loan could therefore be available to pay cash interest (rather

108

than PIK Interest) on the Notes, finance potential investments and, over time, repurchase the Notes or otherwise to reduce third party debt.
Supply and Refining Operations
In our Supply and Refining segment, we purchase and refine crude oil and then sell refined products wholesale to our Marketing and Sales segment and to third parties. Our Supply and Refining segment operates our wholly owned Preemraff Lysekil and Preemraff Gothenburg refineries. Through these two refineries, we have an aggregate refining capacity of approximately 345,000 barrels of crude oil per calendar day. These refineries produced approximately 116.9 million barrels of refined products in 2015, approximately 108.6 million barrels of refined products in 2014 and approximately 93.8 million barrels of refined products in 2013. The refining margins (reflecting the gross margin minus variable costs) at Preemraff Lysekil were $7.33, $4.73 and $3.67 per barrel for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The refining margins at Preemraff Gothenburg were $4.74, $2.37 and $2.24 per barrel for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. We also own a strategically located network of storage depots in Sweden. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our Supply and Refining segment had sales revenue of SEK 64,194 million, SEK 82,564 million, SEK 77,841 million and operating (loss)/income of SEK 3,437 million, and SEK (2,202) million and SEK 7 million, respectively.
Preemraff Lysekil
Overview. Preemraff Lysekil is the largest oil refinery in the Nordic Region in terms of capacity, representing approximately 20% of the Nordic Region's refining capacity and approximately 50% of Swedish refining capacity in 2015. Preemraff Lysekil is a complex, largescale refinery with a strong market position producing a full range of refined products, including liquefied petroleum gas, gasoline, diesel, heating oil and fuel oil. Preemraff Lysekil has a Nelson Complexity Index of 10.0. The refinery has visbreaker, fluid catalytic cracker, mild hydrocracker and hydrocracker upgrading units geared towards converting a significant portion of our residual fuel oil to lighter, higher-value products. For instance, Preemraff Lysekil is able to manufacture virtually sulfur-free (ten parts per million) diesel. Moreover, Preemraff Lysekil has a total storage capacity of approximately 15 million barrels, which provides it with additional operating flexibility. The refinery is located on a 465-acre site on the west coast of Sweden, north of the city of Gothenburg. The Preemraff Lysekil refinery is situated on a peninsula, with direct access to the second largest harbor in Sweden in terms of capacity. The harbor, which we own, provides us with direct deep water jetty access to oil tankers and VLCC's for both the import of crude oil and the distribution of refined products. The refinery has a total refining capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of crude oil per calendar day. The aggregate production of refined products at Preemraff Lysekil was approximately 78 million barrels, 75 million barrels and 57 million barrels for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
Gross margin performance. Our gross margin results can be compared to relevant regional indicator benchmarks. Wood Mackenzie has provided gross refining benchmarks for indicative refinery types including a North West European Hydrocracking refinery (comparable to Preemraff Lysekil) based on their published research. Preemraff Lysekil's gross refinery performance has achieved a structural premium above the Wood Mackenzie Northwestern European Urals Hydrocracking refinery benchmark. According to Wood Mackenzie, this is achieved by a combination of accessing lower cost crude, producing a greater yield of higher value of products and/or realising premium pricing on product grades produced. The Urals hydrocracking benchmark reflects the outlook for a highly complex refinery able to create significant value from upgrading of heavy crude to lighter finished products. The Urals Hydrocracking refinery benchmark reflects the outlook for a highly complex refinery able to create additional value by upgrading lower cost heavy crude oil to lighter, higher value, finished products. These more complex refinery types have additional advanced processing equipment compared to lower complexity assets which enables them to ''crack'' the heavier components (including the residue within the crude oil) into lighter ones (such as gasoline and diesel).
Whilst a number of historical quarterly results have seen Preemraff Lysekil's performance drop below that of the benchmark, these are typically down to one-off effects such as planned or unplanned shutdowns for maintenance and/or repairs. During the third quarter of 2013, the planned maintenance turnaround was followed by an unplanned power failure, and the HPU Incident in the first quarter of 2014 which reduced margins below the benchmark during these periods.
109

Preemraff Lysekil Gross Margin Performance

----------Lyeskill (G M ) ---------- N W E U rals H ydro cra ckin g (GM )

Source: W ood M ackenzie, Preem
Feedstocks and production. The following table shows Preemraff Lysekil's feedstocks and production for the periods indicated below, along with the relevant percentage of total feedstock and production.

Feedstock
Sweet Crude O il......................................... Sour Crude O il........................................... Unfinished and Blend S to cks................... Total Feedstock.........................................

For the Year Ended December 31,

2013

2014

2015

Thousand

Thousand

Thousand

bbls

% Vol

bbls

% Vol

bbls

% Vol

7,700 44,875
5,185 57,760

13 8,897 12 8,628 11%

78 61,787 81 63,885 81%

9 5,802

8 6,221 8%

100 76,487 100 78,734 100%

Production

Liquefied Petroleum Gas ...................
G asoline............... Diesel ................... Heating Oil ........... Vacuum Gasoil . . . Heavy Fuel Oil . . . . O th e r...................... Total Production . .

2013 Thousand
bbls % Vol

For the Year Ended December 31,

2014

Thousand

Thousand

% Rev

bbls % Vol % Rev

bbls

2015 % Vol

% Rev

1,533 3

2 2,557 3

2 3,411

4% 3%

18,239 32 32 23,454 31 30 22,707 29% 31%

23,528 42 48 30,998 41 47 34,167 44% 51%

64 --

-- 1,731 2

2

588

1% 1%

955 2

2 1,273 2

5

(472)

0% 0%

11,545 20 15 14,936 20 13 15,809 20% 14%

780 1 --

717 1

0 1,499

2% 1%

56,645 100 100 75,666 100 100 77,709 100% 100%

Utilization. The following table shows Preemraff Lysekil's annual utilization rate for the indicated periods:
For the Year Ended December 31,
2013 2014 2015

Utilization Rate

65% 82% 88%

110

We use linear programming technology to determine the most profitable product mix for our market given the available crude oil supply. Preemraff Lysekil is able to process a high proportion of sour crude oil, which is higher in sulfur and typically lower in price compared to sweet crude oil.
Arrival and storage o f crude oil. Imported crude oil arrives at Preemraff Lysekil by way of a single jetty that can accommodate tankers of up to 500,000 dead weight tons. Approximately 110 vessels carrying crude oil arrive at Preemraff Lysekil each year. Crude oil can be unloaded at a rate of approximately 113,000 barrels per hour through pipe lines into five underground crude oil storage caverns. These underground crude oil storage caverns have been blasted out of solid rock and have an aggregate capacity of approximately 8.5 million barrels. The caverns contain sophisticated equipment designed to ensure cost-efficient and environmentally safe storage.
Crude oil is pumped from the caverns, which have a total storage capacity of approximately 8.5 million barrels into three above-ground crude ''day tanks'' with a total capacity of approximately one million barrels, and from there into the crude distillation unit. In a typical full day of operations, crude oil from one ''day tank'' is pumped into the crude distillation unit, while the depleted tank from the previous day's refining is refilled from the underground crude oil storage caverns.
Distillation and refining. Preemraff Lysekil operates a single crude distillation unit. During distillation, crude oil is heated until it separates into different fractions. A fraction is a mixture of liquid hydrocarbons, all of which have approximately the same boiling range. The heaviest fraction is further processed in the vacuum distillation unit (''VDU'') to achieve the maximum volume of distillates. After the distillation, Preemraff Lysekil further refines, upgrades and processes the distillates as follows:
 Visbreaker, Fluid Catalytic Cracker and Mild Hydrocracker. Fuel oil can be upgraded into higher-value products in several ways. Preemraff Lysekil has invested in three upgrading units for this purpose:
 First, in 1982, Preemraff Lysekil invested in a visbreaker, which reduces the viscosity of the fuel oil and increases the yield of heating oil and gasoline;
 Second, in 1984, Preemraff Lysekil added a fluid catalytic cracker (''FCC''), which, by means of a catalyst, converts vacuum gasoil (''VGO''), a semi-finished product, and the bottom fraction from the hydrocracker into primarily gasoline and, to a lesser extent, heating oil and fuel oil;
 Third, in 1988, Preemraff Lysekil invested in a mild hydrocracker (''MHC''), which desulfurizes vacuum gasoil and converts it into lighter products and feedstock for the hydrocracker;
 Isomerization Unit. The naphtha fraction (after desulfurization) is processed in a reformer unit to increase octane yield. Since 1991, Preemraff Lysekil has operated an isomerization unit in which the lightest part of the naphtha is processed into high-octane and low-benzene gasoline components. Benzene is an aromatic compound, the presence of which in refined products is often regulated by environmental laws;
 Desulfurization/Dearomatization Unit. Preemraff Lysekil has a highly sophisticated diesel desulfurization/dearomatization unit that was completed in 1994. This unit enables Preemraff Lysekil to produce virtually sulfur-free (ten parts per million) diesel fuel with an aromatic content of 5%. This grade is sold at a premium as Swedish Environment Class 1 diesel ("MK1");
 Tailgas Treatment Sulfur Recovery Unit. Preemraff Lysekil has a sulfur recovery unit combined with a tailgas-treating unit, which removes hydrogen sulphide and nitrogen oxides from refining gases;
 Prefractionater. Preemraff Lysekil added a prefractionater to its platformer unit in 1999, which reduces benzene formation in the platformer;
 Propylene Recovery Unit. Preemraff Lysekil has a propylene recovery unit, which removes and recovers propylene from the fraction of liquefied petroleum gas produced by the FCC;
111

 Petrol Gas Recovery Unit. Preemraff Lysekil installed a petrol gas recovery unit in 2003, which recovers petrol gas in connection with the loading of products onto tankers;
 Hydrocracker Unit. Preemraff Lysekil commissioned a hydrocracker unit in 2006, which converts vacuum gasoil to lighter, higher-value products.
Post-refining process, storage and shipment. After processing, Preemraff Lysekil pumps the various refined products to the refinery's 49 intermediate and finished product tanks and six additional refined product storage caverns with an aggregate capacity of approximately 6.3 million barrels. From the intermediate tanks, Preemraff Lysekil pumps components to one of four blending stations for final product mix, one station for gasoline, two for diesel, and one for fuel oil. Preemraff Lysekil stores the final products in product tanks. To the extent practicable, intermediate products are blended using ''in-line'' techniques as required, and loaded directly onto product tanker vessels, thus reducing the need for blended product storage. Preemraff Lysekil has two separate product jetties with a total of five berths at which tankers dock as many as 1,500 times per year for loading of refined products. Preemraff Lysekil distributes almost all of its products by sea for domestic and international use.
Developments. Operations at Preemraff Lysekil were affected by a significant incident in March 2014 when the hydrogen production unit (''HPU'') was shut down due to a ruptured furnace tube (the ''HPU Incident''). In turn, the HPU Incident also forced the shutdown of Preemraff Lysekil's hydro-cracker due to lack of hydrogen from the HPU, which resulted in reduced production of low-sulfur diesel while the HPU was offline for repair. In addition to replacing the HPU's defective furnace tube, we determined that the internal lining in the furnace needed to be repaired, which extended the repair time. The HPU came back online in May 2014 and has since operated without disruption. During the repair period, the rest of the refinery continued to operate normally (at approximately 90% of full capacity). The HPU Incident resulted in production losses worth approximately SEK 360 million in total, and repair costs of approximately SEK 20 million. As detailed in ''--Insurance'' below, approximately SEK 120 million of these costs and losses have been covered by property damage and business interruption insurance.
Other minor incidents and maintenance shutdowns that took place in 2014 and 2015 are as follows:
 January 2014: The Preemraff Lysekil VDU shut down for five days to repair a leaking flange;
 February 2014: The HPU was shut down for two weeks due to an electric motor failure;
 July 2014: The MHC and diesel desulfurization/dearomatization unit shut down in the end of July 2014 due to a failing amine pump. Both units came back online in the beginning of August 2014;
 April 2015: The Preemraff Lysekil refinery carried out a scheduled shutdown of the visbreaker unit for decoking, the MHC for inspection and change of catalyst, and the catalytic reforming unit to inspect certain equipment; and
 June 2015: The Preemraff Lysekil MHC shut down for four days to repair a leaking pipe.
Planned maintenance. Historically, every four years, Preemraff Lysekil has been completely shut down for turnaround maintenance, which includes inspection of all processing units. The total shutdown period for turnaround maintenance is typically planned to last seven to nine weeks, which includes two weeks for shutdown and start-up activities. Turnaround maintenance may take longer if complications arise or equipment is being added. The last major turnaround maintenance at Preemraff Lysekil was performed from September to November 2013. The standard inspection interval for pressure vessels is four years. On several of these pressure vessels, we have been able to extend this interval to six years by producing risk based analyses for each pressure vessel. This means that the next major turnaround for Preemraff Lysekil is planned for 2019, with some shorter shutdown periods planned before then, due to the need for catalyst regenerations and change-outs. Both operating income and refining margins have been and will be negatively impacted by each planned and unplanned maintenance shut down.
112

We have currently planned the following major events, shutdowns and turnarounds for Preemraff Lysekil in the coming years:
 Spring 2016: the Preemraff Lysekil HPU and the hydro-cracker will be stopped for inspection and change of catalyst. The expected duration of the shutdown is approximately six weeks.
 Spring 2017: The Preemraff Lysekil fluid catalytic cracker will be shut down for inspection and some improvements, the structured packing in the vacuum distillation unit column will be changed and a decoking of the vacuum distillation unit will be performed in the same time slot.
 The next major turnaround of Preemraff Lysekil is scheduled for autumn 2019 with an anticipated duration of seven to nine weeks.

Capital and strategic investment history. Preemraff Lysekil's facilities, which began refining operations in 1975, have been upgraded several times through large capital investments. As a result of these investments, we believe that Preemraff Lysekil is and continues to be one of the most sophisticated and flexible refineries in Europe. The following table summarizes the timeline of certain upgrades to Preemraff Lysekil:

Year
1982 1984
1988
1991 1994 1994 1999 2002 2003 2006 2014

Upgrade
Visbreaker
Fluid Catalytic Cracker
Mild Hydrocracker
Isomerization Unit Desulfurization/Dearomatization Unit
Tailgas Treatment Sulfur Recovery Unit
Prefractionater Propylene Recovery Unit
Petrol Gas Recovery Unit Hydrocracker Unit
Skangass LNG terminal integration with refinery

Function
Reduces the viscosity of the fuel oil and increases the yield of heating oil and gasoline
Converts vacuum gasoil, a semi-finished product, and the bottom fraction from the hydrocracker into gasoline, heating oil and fuel oil
Desulfurizes and converts heavy gasoil and vacuum gasoil into lighter products and feedstock to the Fluid Catalytic Cracker
Converts light naphtha into high-octane, low-benzene gasoline components
Converts conventional heating oil or diesel into virtually sulfur- free, low-aromatic diesel
Removes hydrogen sulphide and nitrogen oxides from refinery gases and recovers liquid sulfur
Reduces benzene formation in the platformer unit
Removes propylene from polygasoline production and refinery fuel gas and recovers propylene
Recovers petrol gas in connection with the loading of products onto tankers
Converts vacuum gasoil to lighter, higher-value products
Enables use of natural gas as feedstock to HPU, and as make-up fuel

Capital and strategic investment plans. One strategic initiative that has been pursued for a number of years is to increase our own VGO production capability. This is driven by forecasted increasing difficulties to meet the current VGO import demand to Preemraff Lysekil, resulting from on-going upgrading projects in Russia as well as International Maritime Organization regulations

113

for reduced sulfur emissions from marine traffic. An investment in additional VGO production capacity at Preemraff Lysekil has been identified as an effective way to mitigate this risk, as it would help to ensure supply of feedstock of acceptable quality and cost and protect the value of existing investments. To create additional VGO production capability, we plan to invest approximately SEK 1,600 million, spread over three years budgeted as 20% in 2016, 40% in 2017 and 40% in 2018, in vacuum distillation equipment at Preemraff Lysekil, with a target of being operational in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our current expectation is that this upgrade could result in incremental revenues of SEK 530 million per year and increase refining margins at Preemraff Lysekil by approximately $0.50/bbl, implying a payback period of approximately 3 years.
On a more strategic horizon, we continue to evaluate options for heavy oil upgrading from a market opportunity as well as technology development perspective. We are currently in the process of evaluating different technologies in respect to upgrading heavy oils to higher margin products such as gasoline, jet fuel and diesel. This evaluation is to address the potential impact from reduction of bunker fuel sulfur specifications in the years 2020 to 2025. In this regard, we have recently entered into an arrangement with an experienced EPC provider.
Preemraff Gothenburg
Overview. We believe that Preemraff Gothenburg is one of the most competitive hydroskimming refineries in Europe and it represents approximately 10% of the Nordic Region's refining capacity and approximately 30% of Swedish refining capacity in 2015. The refinery has a Green Hydrotreater, which enables it to upgrade Fatty Acid Methyl Esters (''FAME'') from biomaterials to low-sulfur biodiesel with a renewable mix of up to 50%, providing customers with cleaner products that have lower CO2 emissions. Preemraff Gothenburg also has a highly sophisticated desulfurization/ dearomatization unit, which permits it to manufacture virtually sulfur-free (ten parts per million) diesel. In addition, the refinery uses its catalytic reformer and isomerization unit to convert naphtha, a portion of which is received from Preemraff Lysekil, into higher-value gasoline. Preemraff Gothenburg produces a full range of refined products, including liquefied petroleum gas, gasoline, diesel, heating oil, fuel oil, jet fuel and kerosene. Recent investments include the construction of a Diesel Isomerization Unit which completed in September 2015 and which has resulted in an increase in renewable diesel production capacity of approximately 80% to 85%. The refinery also benefits from two integrated waste-heat extraction systems for the utilization of waste or surplus heat. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Preemraff Gothenburg generated additional operating profit from the sale of surplus heat of SEK 38.9 million with relatively little additional operating cost. Preemraff Gothenburg's last turnaround was in 2011, with the next turnaround scheduled for 2017. Preemraff Gothenburg has a Nelson Complexity Index of 7.1. The refinery is located on a 370-acre site near the harbor of Torshamnen, Sweden's largest harbor, in Gothenburg. Preemraff Gothenburg's proximity to this harbor, which provides for oil tanker and VLCC access, helps it to maintain low crude oil transportation costs and its proximity to the west coast inland market helps it to minimize distribution costs. The Preemraff Gothenburg refinery has a total storage capacity of approximately twelve million barrels and a total refining capacity of approximately 125,000 barrels of crude oil per day. The aggregate production of refined products at Preemraff Gothenburg was approximately 39 million barrels, 33 million barrels and 37 million barrels for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
Gross margin performance. Our gross margin results can be compared to relevant regional indicator benchmarks. Wood Mackenzie have provided gross refining benchmarks for indicative refinery types (including a Northwestern European hydroskimming refinery (similar to Preemraff Gothenburg), based on their published research. Preemraff Gothenburg's performance tracks significantly above Wood Mackenzie's North West European Hydroskimming benchmark refinery, with an average premium of 3.1 $/bbl over the years from 2009 to 2014. This reflects Preemraff Gothenburg's position as a sophisticated hydroskimmer able to create a number of premium grade products over and above those of a typical hydroskimming refinery.
114

Preemraff Gothenburg Gross Margin Performance

-- -- -- G othenburg (GM) ---------- N W E B re n t H yd ro s k im m in g (G M )

Source: W ood M ackenzie, Preem
Feedstocks and production. The following tables show Preemraff Gothenburg's feedstocks and production for the indicated periods.

Feedstock

Sweet Crude O il................................ . . . . Sour Crude O il................................... . . . . Unfinished and Blend S to cks........... . . . . Total Feedstock................................ ___

For the Year Ended December 31,

2013

2014

2015

Thousand

Thousand

Thousand

bbls

% Vol

bbls

% Vol

bbls

% Vol

34,462 --
4,372 38,834

89% --
11% 100%

30,931 --
4,313 35,245

88% 37,350

--

--

12% 3,578

100% 40,927

91% 0% 9%
100%

Production

2013
Thousand bbls % Vol

For the Year Ended December 31,

2014

Thousand

Thousand

% Rev

bbls % Vol % Rev

bbls

2015 % Vol

% Rev

Liquefied Petroleum Gas ..........................
G asoline...................... Diesel .......................... Heating Oil ................. Heavy Fuel O il............. O th e r............................ Total P roduction.........

896 10,768 11,002 4,032 10,334
151 37,184

2% 2% 29% 29% 30% 35% 11% 13% 28% 21%
---- 100% 100%

866 9,617 9,701 4,116 9,099
254 33,653

3% 29% 29% 12% 27%
0% 100%

2% 1,016 30% 10,854 35% 10,817 13% 4,833 20% 11,417
-- 277 100% 39,215

3% 1% 28% 30% 28% 38% 12% 13% 29% 17%
0% 0% 100% 100%

Utilization. The following table shows Preemraff Gothenburg's annual utilization rate for the indicated periods:

For the Year Ended December 31,
2013 2014 2015

Utilization Rate

76% 72% 86%

115

Arrival and storage o f crude oil. Imported crude oil arrives by ship at the harbor of Torshamnen, which is capable of receiving crude oil carriers in excess of 200,000 dead weight tons, and is then transported to Preemraff Gothenburg by pipeline. Approximately between 50 and 60 crude oil carriers arrive at Torshamnen each year. At Preemraff Gothenburg, the crude oil is discharged into two underground crude oil storage caverns, which have been blasted out of solid rock, and seven above-ground storage tanks. The underground storage caverns and over-ground storage tanks have a combined storage capacity of approximately 5.6 million barrels.
Distillation and refining. Preemraff Gothenburg operates two identical crude distillation units. During distillation, the crude oil is heated until it separates into different fractions. A fraction is a mixture of liquid hydrocarbons, all of which have approximately the same boiling range. The heaviest fraction is further processed in the vacuum distillation unit to achieve the maximum volume of distillates. After distillation, Preemraff Gothenburg further refines, upgrades and processes the fractions as follows:
 Liquefied Petroleum Gas Unit. In the liquefied petroleum gas unit, installed in 1967, Preemraff Gothenburg separates the gas fractions (butane and propane) by distillation from the high-octane component;
 Isomerization Unit. The naphtha fraction (after desulfurization) is processed in a reformer unit to increase octane yield. In Preemraff Gothenburg's isomerization unit, completed in 1993, an additional, low-benzene component for blending gasoline is produced;
 Desulfurization/Dearomatization Unit. Preemraff Gothenburg's highly sophisticated heating oil/diesel desulfurization/dearomatization unit was completed in 1997. This unit enables Preemraff Gothenburg to produce virtually sulfur-free (ten parts per million) and low-aromatic diesel from crude oil with high sulfur, which is typically lower in price than crude oil with low-sulfur content;
 Heavy Gasoil Upgrading Unit. In 1997, Preemraff Gothenburg installed a heavy gasoil upgrading unit, which upgrades heavy gasoil into heating oil for commercial use;
 Sulfur Recovery Units. The hydrogen sulphide formed during the various desulfurization reactions is fed to Preemraff Gothenburg's sulfur recovery units, which were installed in 1997, and converted to liquid sulfur for resale as a feedstock to chemical companies;
 Prefractionator. Preemraff Gothenburg added a prefractionator to its platformer unit in 1999, which reduces benzene formation in the platformer;
 Petrol Gas Recovery Unit. Preemraff Gothenburg installed a petrol gas recovery unit in 2000, which recovers petrol gas in connection with the loading of products onto tankers;
 Molex Unit. In 2002, Preemraff Gothenburg installed a molex unit, which increases the octane yield of the gasoline component isomerate;
 Mild Hydrocracker Unit:
 in 2003, Preemraff Gothenburg completed construction of a mild hydrocracker unit, which enables Preemraff Gothenburg to upgrade part of its heavy oil production to low-sulfur heating oil;
 during the first quarter of 2010, we shut down our mild hydrocracker at Preemraff Gothenburg for two months (until May 2010) in order to modify the unit to partly process renewable feedstock, which enables us to produce biofuel diesel;
 Green Hydrotreater. In 2010, Preemraff Gothenburg completed the construction of a green hydrotreater unit, which enables Preemraff Gothenburg to produce renewable diesel from crude tall oil.
 Diesel Isomerization Unit. In September 2015 the construction of a Diesel Isomerization Unit at Preemraff Gothenburg was completed and this became fully operational in October 2015. This Diesel Isomerization Unit has resulted in an increase in renewable diesel production capacity at Preemraff Gothenburg of approximately 80% to 85%.
Post-refining process, storage and shipment. After processing, refined products are stored in the facility's 70 storage tanks and three underground caverns with a total capacity of
116

approximately 6.5 million barrels. The products are pumped by pipeline from the refinery to an oil terminal in the harbor of Skarvik, two kilometers south of Preemraff Gothenburg. From there, we distribute the product to the market by ship, rail and truck.
Sales o f surplus heat. Preemraff Gothenburg has two integrated systems for the utilization of waste or surplus heat with a total capacity in excess of 100 megawatts. These systems enable us to sell surplus heat, which would otherwise be wasted, corresponding to approximately 200,000 barrels of fuel oil per year to the district heating system of the City of Gothenburg. Preemraff Gothenburg generated additional revenue from these activities of SEK38.9 million in 2015, SEK 44.6 million in 2014 and SEK 55.1 million in 2013, all achieved with relatively little additional operating cost.
Developments. Generally, we have seen good performance and availability rates for the Preemraff Gothenburg refinery. Maintenance shutdowns and minor incidents that took place in 2014 and 2015 are as follows:
 September 2014: The Preemraff Gothenburg refinery carried out a scheduled shutdown in order to regenerate the reformer catalyst and inspect certain units, including safety valves and other critical equipment, returning to full operations at the end of October 2014;
 October 2014: The Green Hydrotreater Unit which is the unit used for bio diesel production, was shut down for work on reactor lining, returning to operations at the end of November 2014; and
 September 2015: A change of catalyst was carried out on the Green Hydrotreater Unit and preparations were made for the integration between the Green Hydrotreater Unit with the new Diesel Isomerization Unit. A decoking of a furnace on a crude distillation unit was performed at the same time.
Planned maintenance. Every six years, Preemraff Gothenburg is completely shut down for turnaround maintenance, which includes inspection of all processing units. The total shutdown period for turnaround maintenance is typically planned to last for seven to nine weeks. Turnaround maintenance may take longer if complications arise or equipment is being added. The most recent major turnaround maintenance for Preemraff Gothenburg was in the third quarter of 2011, and the next major turnaround maintenance is scheduled for 2017.
We have currently planned the following major events, shutdowns and turnarounds for Preemraff Gothenburg in the coming years:
 Spring 2016: the Preemraff Gothenburg reformer will be shut down for regeneration of catalyst for an expected duration of three weeks.
 Spring 2016: the Preemraff Gothenburg crude tower will be shut down for an expected duration of two weeks which would decrease throughput volumes by approximately 315,000 barrels.
 Autumn 2017: there is a major turnaround scheduled in the Preemraff Gothenburg refinery with an anticipated duration of approximately seven to nine weeks.
Capital and strategic investment history. Preemraff Gothenburg's facilities, which began refining operations in 1967, have been upgraded several times through large capital investments. As a result of these investments, we believe that Preemraff Gothenburg is and will continue to be
117

one of the best-performing hydroskimming refineries in Europe. The following chart summarizes upgrades to Preemraff Gothenburg:

Upgrade at Preemraff Gothenburg
Waste Heat Recovery Unit ............. Isomerization Unit .......................... Desulfurization/Dearomatization Unit
Heavy Gasoil Upgrading U n it......... Sulfur Recovery U nits...................... P re fra c tio n a to r................................ Petrol Gas Recovery U n it ............... Molex U n it....................................... Mild Hydrocracker U n it................... Green Hydrotreater U n it................. Diesel Isomerization U n i t ...............

Function
Recovers waste heat to be provided to third parties
Produces an additional low-benzene gasoline component
Converts conventional heating oil or diesel into virtually sulfur-free, low aromatic diesel
Upgrades heavy gasoil into heating oil for commercial use
Converts hydrogen sulphide into liquid sulfur
Reduces benzene formation in the platformer unit
Recovers petrol gas in connection with the loading of products onto tankers
Increases the octane of the gasoline component isomerate
Upgrades heavy oil production to low-sulfur heating oil
Production of renewable diesel from crude tall oil
Isomerization of renewable diesel with high paraffinic content

Year
1980 1993 1997
1997 1997 1999 2000 2002 2003 2010 2015

Capital and strategic investment plans. We currently plan to make investments in a new MK1 blender at Preemraff Gothenburg. We expect that the new blender will increase production flexibility for diesel and enable optimization of MK1 production units, especially with regard to hydrogen utilization, at an approximate cost of SEK 29 million. We plan for the new MK1 blender to come online in the fourth quarter of 2016, with an estimated payback period of approximately seven months.
In December 2015 the European Commission approved the Swedish request for exemption from the state aid rules for fuels from renewable sources. The exemption is for three years--2016, 2017 and 2018. Following this, the Swedish Government's stated goal is to introduce a new permanent system, probably a quota system, that will take over when the exemption period ends in December 2018. With tax incentives now secured for the coming years we have initiated a study to further increase Preemraff Gothenburg's production of renewable products, and are in particular looking at the possibilities to increase the refinery's hydrogen capacity.
Other capital investments planned for Preemraff Gothenburg include plans to increase the refinery's capabilities in relation to the crude mixing and naptha feedstock flexibility and to increase the capability of the gasoline blender. It is expected that the cost of these investments will not exceed SEK 25 million and that they will have a payback period of less than one year.

Distribution
Both Preemraff Lysekil and Preemraff Gothenburg are well situated for the efficient distribution of products to market. Transportation costs are a significant cost component of refined products. Given this, we believe that the location of our refineries on harbors in western Sweden provides us with a competitive advantage in our target markets. Preemraff Lysekil ships approximately 100% of its production, and Preemraff Gothenburg ships approximately 75% of its production, by sea to domestic and international markets. Preemraff Gothenburg's location near

118

Gothenburg, Sweden's second largest city, also provides excellent access to truck and rail transport. We also own a strategically located network of terminals where we store inventory and operate depots in Sweden. In addition, we generate additional revenue from third parties in the form of depot throughput fees and we cooperate with other oil companies to optimize depot use and cost. For the year ended December 31, 2015, sales revenue from such throughput fees was SEK46 million.
Products
Our two refineries produce liquefied petroleum gas, gasoline, diesel, heating oil and fuel oil. In addition, Preemraff Gothenburg has the capacity to produce jet fuel and kerosene. There are, from time to time, substantial transfers of intermediates and components between the refineries in order to optimize the profitability of the refinery system. The volume of these transfers varies considerably from month to month and from year to year depending on the market prices of the components. For the year ended December 31, 2015 the volume of transfers between the refineries was approximately 643,000 cubic metres.
Sales
Our Supply and Refining segment exports over one half of its products each year (approximately 60% in 2013, approximately 60% in 2014 and approximately 65% in 2015). Our exports are primarily to northwestern Europe, including to other markets in Scandinavia, France, Germany and the United Kingdom. In 2015, our Supply and Refining segment sold approximately 79% (by value) of its products to third parties and 21% (by value) to our Marketing and Sales segment. With respect to third-party sales, we sell our refined products on the spot market and pursuant to sales agreements with terms generally not exceeding twelve months. Our third-party customers are predominantly other oil companies, including Greenergy UK Limited, BP OIL International, Statoil ASA and OK-Q8 AB. We sometimes sell liquefied petroleum gas and naphtha to petrochemical companies. All third-party sales of gasoline, jet fuel and diesel are sales to other oil companies or traders. As of December 31, 2015, approximately 99% of our third-party sales of heavy fuel oil were sales to oil companies, bunker distributors in the local market and traders, with the remaining 1% sold directly to industrial customers.
Raw Materials
Supply. We purchase the majority of our crude oil on the spot market, which provides us with flexibility in obtaining a supply of crude oil that is in line with our raw material requirements. This allows us to take advantage of the rapid price fluctuations in the crude oil supply market through our crude oil purchasing strategy. This strategy involves regularly monitoring market conditions for various types of crude oil as well as demand for refined products. Our objective is to minimize production costs (cost of crude oil, transportation and refining) and maximize sales revenue from the sale of the refined products that are most in demand. We occasionally supplement this purchasing strategy with various hedging instruments and forward sales contracts on refined products when we believe it would be more beneficial to reduce the effects of fluctuations in crude or refined product prices.
Price Effect on Inventories. The value of our inventories of crude oil and refined products is impacted by the effects of fluctuations in the market prices for crude oil and refined products. To the extent that crude oil and refined product prices fall in tandem, our gross profit would generally be negatively affected because we compute the gross profit as the excess of sales revenue (determined at the time of sale) over the cost of goods sold (determined using the first-in first-out accounting principle). Conversely, a portion of the gross profit that we would record during a period of increasing prices may be attributable solely to the increase in refined product prices during the period after we buy the crude oil and prior to the time we sell the refined product. Therefore, for any given valuation date, we value our inventory at the lower of acquisition cost using the first-in first-out accounting principle and the actual value. Subsequent movements in the price of the refined product will have a corresponding impact on our gross profit.
Refined product price changes often lag behind crude oil price changes. During periods of falling crude oil prices our gross profit margins may increase, depending on the rate and the duration of the crude oil price decrease and the degree to which crude oil prices drop more than
119

refined product prices. Due to this effect, for example, the profitability of refining operations remained high during 2015 as crude oil prices continued to decrease. During periods of increasing crude oil prices, we believe that we experience the opposite effects.
During periods of falling crude oil prices, the cost of replenishing our crude oil inventories and, thus, our working capital requirements similarly decrease and vice versa.
We believe that, although the price effect on inventories may impact our results for a given period, over the long-term, the effects of rising and falling oil prices tend to offset each other. In addition, we believe that, from a cash flow perspective, the effects of rising and falling oil prices on gross profit and working capital tend to offset each other to an extent. In comparing our results from period to period, we believe that it is important to note that these price effects on inventories are unrelated to, and do not reflect, the underlying efficiency of the refineries. We strive to control the impact on our profitability of the volatility in feedstock costs and refined product prices. See also ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Commodity Price Risk'' included elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Inventory Management. We employ several strategies to control the impact on our profitability of the volatility in feedstock costs and refined product prices. Our inventory management strategies include the purchase and sale of exchange-related, oil-related futures and options with a duration of twelve months or less. To a lesser extent, we also use oil swap agreements similar to those traded on international exchanges such as the ICE Futures Europe, including crack spreads and crude oil options that, because they contain certain terms customized to the market in which we sell, such as point of delivery, are better suited to hedge against the specific price movements in our markets. The number of barrels of crude oil and refined products covered by such contracts varies from time to time. Nevertheless, we seek to maintain our ''normal position'' of crude oil, finished products and intermediates. Our ''normal position,'' which is 1,840,000 cubic meters (approximately 12 million barrels), is evaluated based on the average optimal inventory level in our depot system, the required inventory levels to allow for continuous flow and operations and the amount of crude oil and products that are priced, but not delivered. When the volume in our inventories deviates from the normal position, both above and below, we have used and will seek to use derivatives to restore the volume that is exposed to price fluctuations. These strategies are designed to minimize, on a short-term basis, our exposure to the risk of fluctuations in crude oil prices and refined product margins. This hedging activity is closely managed and subject to internally established risk standards. The results of these hedging activities are recognized in our financial statements as adjustments to the cost of goods sold. To the extent permitted under our financing arrangements, we participate to a small degree in ''contango'' trading in connection with our inventory management. ''Contango'' occurs when the forward prices of crude oil or refined products exceed current spot market prices. As a result of our large storage capacity, we are able to take advantage of the price curve being in contango by simultaneously entering into current spot market purchases and future sale agreements. By locking in our margin, we can realize significant profits by utilizing our substantial storage facilities to store crude oil and refined products at our existing facilities until the delivery date called for by the sale agreements.
Storage
We own a strategically located network of storage depots along the Swedish coastline. Currently, our six storage depots have a total storage capacity of 945,000 cubic meters (approximately 5.9 million barrels). Of the total storage capacity at our depots, approximately 30% is leased out, which generated SEK 24 million of rental income from third parties during 2015. Pursuant to EU and Swedish legislations, we are required to keep certain levels of compulsory storage at our refineries and depots. However, our current inventory exceeds these minimum requirements and, thus, also enables us to earn income by selling certificates for storage capacity to other oil companies for their EU-imposed compulsory storage obligations. Total storage capacity at our refineries is approximately 4,500,000 cubic meters, of which currently approximately 200,000 to 400,000 cubic meters are leased out to third parties. In addition, we have potential additional storage capacity at Aspedalen, next to our Preemraff Lysekil refinery, which could increase our storage capacity by approximately 2,600,000 cubic meters (approximately 16 million barrels). Approximately 575,000 cubic meters of this storage can be used as of
120

December 31, 2015; utilizing the remainder of this additional storage capacity would require substantial capital investments, which we do not expect to make in the near future. For the year ended December 31, 2015, we generated SEK101 million (11 million) in the sale of storage certificates. In 2014, we generated SEK 123 million (13 million), in the sale of storage certificates, and in 2013 we generated SEK 179 million (19 million).
Marketing Operations
The Marketing and Sales segment resells refined products in Sweden. Our Marketing and Sales segment consists of two divisions: an energy division and a retail division. The Marketing and Sales segment resells refined products to large and medium sized commercial customers and independent dealers, wholesale, primarily in Sweden. We also sell our gasoline and diesel through 341 Preem-branded service stations (of which 100 are manned which are companyowned and dealer-operated and 241 are unmanned, which are company owned and operated) along with 165 company-owned and operated unmanned S^ifa-branded diesel truck stops. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our Marketing and Sales segment had sales revenue of SEK 15,612 million, SEK 18,686 million and SEK 19,280 million and operating income of SEK 422 million, SEK 390 million and SEK 370 million, respectively.
For the year ended December 31,2015, approximately 21% (by value) of the products made by our Supply and Refining segment was sold to our Marketing and Sales segment and the other 79% (by value) was sold to third parties. In 2014, approximately 28% (by value) of the products made by our Supply and Refining segment was sold to our Marketing and Sales segment, and the other 72% (by value) was sold to third parties. In 2013, approximately 24% (by value) of the products made by our Supply and Refining segment was sold to our Marketing and Sales segment, and the other 76% (by value) was sold to third parties.
Energy Division
We previously sold refined products to a large number of commercial customers of varying size and to private consumers. As part of the restructuring of our Marketing and Sales segment, we no longer sell refined products directly to small-size commercial consumers or private consumers. Instead, since 2007 we have supplied our products to a network of resellers, who in turn sell directly to these customers. The resellers are contractually required to use us as their primary supplier and are responsible for sales and delivery to the end-user. Creating this network of resellers to handle sales to smaller commercial customers and retail consumers and focusing our Marketing and Sales efforts on larger commercial consumers has enabled us to reduce the size of our sales force and simplify our support functions, thereby reducing our costs. This shift in focus has enabled us to retain a very large portion of our sales volume while focusing our efforts on a smaller part of our previous customer base.
Within our energy division, we have also outsourced route planning and transportation of products, which has helped reduce our costs.
Our energy division concentrates on sales to large- and medium-sized commercial consumers. Our main focus is on the supply of diesel and fuel oil to resellers, the industrial sector of Sweden, as well as to the transport and agricultural sectors and to the majority of the Swedish municipalities.
Within the energy division, total volumes for the year ended December 31, 2015 decreased by approximately 1% compared to year ended December 31, 2014 as a result of the decreased demand for fuel oil and heating oil.
Retail Division
Our retail division consists of a network of service stations throughout Sweden. We have a network of 341 service stations in Sweden operating under the Preem brand name. This network of Preem-branded stations consists of both full-service stations that are Group-owned and dealer operated, offering a variety of products through integrated convenience stores aimed at consumers who prefer ''one-stop shopping,'' and low-cost unmanned self-service stations that sell gasoline and diesel at reduced prices for the price-sensitive customer. We also have a network of 165 unmanned and dealer operated diesel truck stops that are company-owned and operate under the brand name ''Saifa.'' For a majority of our company-owned stations and truck stops, we
121

own nearly all of the fixed assets and the fuel; however, we lease the land upon which the stations are located.
The following table shows a breakdown of our manned and unmanned stations as of December 31, 2015.

Type of Station

Preem Saifa

M a n n e d .............................................................................................. Unmanned .......................................................................................
Total................................................................................................

100 -- 241 165 341 165

We have implemented a retail strategy that has reduced our cost base, increased sales of fuels and convenience goods and improved our strength of brand. Part of this strategy involved developing a new retail concept and attractive customer offers. Our new convenience shop concept has been well received among our customers.

We have finished rolling out a new design for our stations and continue to selectively upgrade certain of our stations that have not yet undergone the change. In addition, we are standardizing relations with these independent operators by using a new partner contract, which helps us present a unified profile across our service stations.

We also regularly evaluate and pursue select opportunities to expand our distribution and marketing footprint, including possible opportunities for an increased retail network and depot capacity elsewhere in the Nordic Region.

Sustainable Business Initiatives
The demand for biofuels is increasing and our customers are systematically looking for solutions to reduce their environmental impact. As Sweden's largest producer of fuels, we have responded to this demand by expanding our offering of biofuels and partnering with various institutions in the testing and development of alternative fuels that use renewable raw materials and do not compete with global food production, reduce water assets or threaten biodiversity.
Currently throughout our retail network, we offer our customers Bio100 diesel and fuel oil with 100% renewable rapeseed methyl ester and we have increased the availability of biogas, including bio-fuel E85 (which contains 85% renewable ethanol and 15% gasoline). Furthermore, we offer electric car owners in certain locations a free two hour charge. In addition, following the conversion of sections of the Preemraff Gothenburg refinery into a biorefinery in 2010, we started producing tall oil-based hydrotreated vegetable oil diesel (''HVO Diesel'') with more than 30% renewable content. The conversion has resulted in successful market growth of our higher environmental quality low-sulfur diesel, which was the first HVO Diesel and, over the years, has become the dominant HVO Diesel in the Swedish market. In the beginning of October 2015, additional capacity was added through a new process unit--a project for which construction began in the summer of 2014 and that was completed in September 2015. This project doubles the production capacity of renewable diesel through an isomerization stage. The unit was successfully set up five days ahead of schedule and according to design.
We also strive to improve the sustainability of our business by employing strategies to reduce our emission levels and optimize our energy consumption at each of our refineries. Some of the effective techniques that we employ to reduce our emissions include low nitrogen oxide burners, catalytic fuel-gas cleaning, in-house produced fuel gas and energy recovery from heat exchangers. We believe that our refineries emit on average less carbon dioxide-equivalents and significantly less nitrogen oxides (NOx) and less sulfur oxides (SOx) than the typical refinery located in Western Europe. In addition, we partnered with Skangass AB in 2012 for the delivery of LNG to Preemraff Lysekil. LNG replaced butane and naphtha as feedstock to the HPU. This has reduced the CO2 emissions from the refinery. The terminal was commissioned in June 2014. It is now in full operation and is supplying natural gas both as HPU feedstock and marginal refinery fuel gas. This has increased the refinery's flexibility in selecting marginal fuel. We are also exploring alternative energy sources, including through our partnership in VindIn AB with other energy-intensive companies in Sweden, which aims to identify, develop, build and run wind power stations in Scandinavia in order to deliver electricity to those involved in the partnership.

122

Regulatory and Environmental Matters
We are subject to both Swedish and EU regulation on the production, storage, transportation and sale of petroleum products. Sweden was one of the first European countries to introduce strict environmental legislation, which required the Swedish petroleum industry to upgrade existing infrastructure earlier than other European refiners. Sweden has among the strictest environmental specifications in the EU. Current EU regulations allow a maximum sulfur content of ten parts per million for gasoline and diesel, effective January 1, 2009, and an aromatic content in gasoline of 35%, effective January 1, 2005. For more discussion of relevant regulatory and environmental matters, see ''Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business--We are subject to governmental laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations on climate change, occupational health and safety laws, competition laws and energy laws in Sweden and elsewhere, which may impact our business and results of operations.''
In 2006, we commissioned the hydrocracker unit at Preemraff Lysekil, which has enhanced Preemraff Lysekil's strong market position and enabled Preemraff Lysekil to produce more virtually sulfur-free (ten parts per million) diesel, a product for which there is increasing demand in Europe. After the hydrocracker unit became operational, we decreased our production of heating oil, a lower margin product, and increased our production of diesel, a higher-margin product. This has substantially improved our overall refining margins. Although we have made the necessary investments to meet current EU specifications, our intention is to make additional investments to further upgrade our refineries. We have also modified the mild hydrocracker unit at the Preemraff Gothenburg refinery in order to allow processing of bio-based feedstock for production of green diesel. In October 2015, work to upgrade the Green Hydrotreater Unit, which was commissioned in 2010, was completed. The upgrade provided additional diesel isomerization capability, which addresses difficulties encountered in producing higher environmental quality low-sulfur diesel as a result of colder temperatures. The upgrade has nearly doubled renewable diesel production capacity at Preemraff Gothenburg.
Intellectual Property
Preem holds the word and combined word and device trade mark registrations for Preem and the Preem bear logo in the EU and Norway. Preem also holds other Swedish trade mark registrations including ''Renofin,'' ''Minima.,'' ''Micro,'' ''Optima,'' ''SP Svenska Petroleum,'' ''Bjornkoll,'' ''Preem Active Cleaning Power Diesel,'' ''Preem ACP Diesel,'' ''ACP,'' ''EO2 DUO LS'' and a three dimensional trademark portraying a Preem filling station.
Preem has applied for certain trademarks relating to its higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel, which have been challenged by another company in the European fuels industry. The challenging company's prior trademark registration overlaps, but their use of the trademark is in a manner which we feel does not overlap in terms of product or geography with Preem's higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuels. The outcome of the challenge is, however, uncertain. If Preem is unsuccessful in obtaining trademark registrations or otherwise in coming to mutual agreement with regard to this challenge, we do not currently expect any such failure to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Preem, directly or indirectly through its subsidiaries, also holds the following domain names: ''preem,'' ''preempetroleum,'' ''bjornkoll,'' ''renofin,'' ''preemgas,'' ''preemraff,'' ''bjornen,'' ''wwwpreem,'' ''preemfinans'' and ''svenskaoljegrossister.'' The above-mentioned domain names are all held the in the top domains ''.se,'' ''.com,'' ''.eu,'' ''.nu,'' ''.org,'' ''.biz,'' ''.info'' and ''.net,'' with the exception of ''bjornen,'' which is only held in the top domain ''.se,'' ''.com,'' ''.eu,'' and ''.nu.''
Preem has entered into a licensing agreement regarding certain technology patented by a third party that is used in Preem's production of higher environmental quality low-sulfur fuel in Preemraff Gothenburg. The agreement was entered into in 2015 and shall remain in full force and effect for 20 years, subject to, inter alia, Preem paying the agreed license fees.
Employees
During 2015, the average number of people employed by us was 1,319. Substantially all of our employees are represented by trade unions under collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. We have not been involved in any material labor
123

disputes or experienced any disruptions in production as a result of union activities of our employees in the last five years.
Organizational Structure
The Issuer is the holding company of the Group and is wholly owned by Moroncha Holdings which, in turn, is wholly owned by Mr. Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi, the Ultimate Shareholder. Mr. Al-Amoudi acquired all of the outstanding shares of Preem, then called OK Petroleum, in 1994 and its name was changed to Preem Petroleum in 1996 and then to Preem in 2008. Preem is the Issuer's wholly owned operating subsidiary.
Joint Ventures
We have been, are, and are likely to be involved in joint ventures in the future. We are currently involved in the SunPine Biofuel Refinery (''SunPine'') joint venture. SunPine is approximately 25% owned by Preem, with the following partners: Sodra Skogsagarna ek. for. (approximately 25%), Sveaskog Forvaltnings Aktiebolag (publ) (approximately 25%), Lawter BVBA (approximately 10%) and Kiram AB (approximately 15%). The SunPine biorefinery uses renewable resources (namely pulp and lumber mill excess) to generate feedstock for the Green Hydrotreater located at Preemraff Gothenburg. The biofuel production at SunPine for the year ended December 31, 2015 was 80,998 tons of tall oil.
Legal Proceedings
We have been and are involved in various legal proceedings incidental to the conduct of our business; however, we are not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that have had or are expected to have significant effects on our financial position or profitability.
We have recently lost a tax dispute with the Swedish Tax Agency in which we received a review decision from the Swedish Tax Agency for the tax year 2009, relating to the valuation of an internal group transfer of real estate, specifically a desulfurization unit. According to the Tax Agency, the value of the assets at the date of transfer was substantially higher than the value we had estimated. The Tax Agency's decision increased our income from business activities by SEK 239 million, and imposed a tax surcharge of SEK6 million. We appealed the case to the Administrative Court of Higher Appeal; however, we recently lost that appeal. We had made no provisions for the tax surcharge of SEK 6 million; however, the tax assessment being raised by SEK 239 million gives us the right to a deduction of a corresponding amount in the future.
VAT filings. We have notified the Swedish Tax Agency of possible technical non-compliance with the Swedish VAT Act, in which Preem has been issuing receipts since 2010 that reflect VAT on both gas station receipts and monthly summary invoices, even if the receipt and the invoice represent the same transactions. The Swedish VAT Act requires VAT specified on a receipt or invoice to be paid to the Swedish Tax Agency. Therefore, even though we paid appropriate VAT on a per-transaction basis, we may need to retroactively revise VAT filings to address the fact that receipts and invoices both showed VAT amounts.
Our external tax advisors have advised that the most likely outcome is that the Swedish Tax Agency will not demand corrective actions. If they did do so, there would be no penalties payable, but interest with respect to the revised filings could amount to SEK 300 million.
We are awaiting a response from the Swedish Tax Agency to our notification. We are adjusting the forms of our receipts and invoices to avoid this issue in the future, but cannot assure you at this time that the Swedish Tax Agency will not charge interest with respect to revisions to our historical VAT filings.
Insurance
Our operations are subject to all of the risks normally associated with oil refining and transportation that could result in damage to or loss of property, suspension of operations, injury or death to personnel or third parties or damage to the environment.
For insurance purposes, we have a wholly owned insurance company: Preem Forsakrings AB (the ''Captive''), based in Sweden and formed in 2012.
124

Our insurance policies for property and business interruption, terrorism, offices and general liability are underwritten by Preem Forsakrings AB and reinsured on the international reinsurance markets. Our property insurance covers sudden and accidental loss of or damage to plants, buildings, equipment, crude oil and products. We insure such assets at levels that management believes reflect their current replacement value. The refineries are also covered by business interruption insurance for interruptions beyond 45 days. This means that there is no business interruption insurance cover in the first 45 days of a business interruption, but there is subsequently full compensation for up to 22 months and 15 days following the end of the 45 day period (or, in the case of Preemraff Gothenburg, up to 16 months and 15 days thereafter). Our public and product liability insurance covers loss of or damage to third party property as well as death or injury to third parties. Employees are covered by the statutory workers' compensation scheme. Our transport insurance covers loss of or damage to crude oil and products, as well as refinery spares, during transportation at our risk. Our charterers' liability insurance covers potential liability for incidents involving vessels chartered by us. Our environmental insurance for sites in operation covers both sudden and gradual environmental damage. This policy is issued by the Captive, with external reinsurance for amounts exceeding an aggregate of SEK 25 million per year. We also had separate environmental insurance for soil contamination at closed sites issued by the Captive, without reinsurance. This policy expired on December 31, 2014, hence only claims reported prior to that date will be paid by the Captive.
We believe we maintain our insurance in a manner consistent with customary industry practices in the jurisdictions in which we operate and consider our insurance coverage to be financially prudent for our business. We cannot assure you, however, that our insurance coverage will adequately protect us from all risks that may arise or in amounts sufficient to prevent any material loss. For example, a successful liability claim for which we are underinsured or uninsured could have a material adverse effect on us (see ''Risk Factors--Risks related to our Business--We are faced with operational hazards as well as potential interruptions that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations'').
The largest insurance claim we have made since 2000 was in relation to the HPU Incident. The HPU Incident resulted in production losses worth approximately SEK 360 million in total and repair costs of approximately SEK 20 million. The majority of those losses occurred during the 45 day business interruption insurance waiting period. Approximately SEK 120 million has been recovered through insurance. Of this amount, a self-insured retention of SEK 44 million has been incurred by the Captive (with the remainder paid by the external reinsurance panel).
Property, Plant and Equipment We own the Preemraff Gothenburg refinery and the 370 acres on which the refinery is located,
and we have leaseholds to adjacent properties that we use and easements that ensure the refinery's access to the harbors of Torshamnen and Skarvik by way of pipelines. We also own the Preemraff Lysekil refinery and the 465 acres on which the refinery is located as well as the harbor at Preemraff Lysekil. Preemraff Lysekil and Preemraff Gothenburg, our two refineries, and our main storage facilities, which consist of a total of approximately 37 acres, are both located in Sweden. All other properties that we use are leased in accordance with normal market conditions.
125

MANAGEMENT
The following tables set forth certain information with respect to the current directors and executive officers of the Issuer and Preem as of the date of this offering memorandum.

Corral Petroleum Holdings
Name
Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi Jason T. Milazzo................................... Richard Ohman ................................... Bassam Aburdene ..............................

Age

Position(s)

69 Chairman of the Board 53 Vice Chairman of the Board 64 Managing Director 67 Director

Preem
Board of Directors
Name
Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi Jason T. Milazzo ................................... Petter H olland....................................... Richard (Ohman..................................... Bassam Aburdene................................ Per Hojgard........................................... Michael G:son L o w .............................. Lars GR N elson..................................... Sven Gunnar Lennart S u n de n ............. Jamal Ba-Am er..................................... Cristian Mattsson................................... Eva Lind Grennfelt................................ Erika Andersson ................................... Eivind H Simonsen ..............................

Age

Position(s)

69 Chairman of the Board 53 Vice Chairman of the Board 59 President and CEO 64 Director 67 Director 67 Director 64 Director 74 Director 63 Director 55 Director 47 Employee Representative 42 Deputy Employee Representative 40 Employee Representative 50 Deputy Employee Representative

Management

Name

Age

Ingrid B o d in ......................................... 51 Anders M a lm ....................................... 43 Peter Abrahamsson ............................ 52 Gunilla Spongh ................................... 50 Magnus Holm....................................... 44 Christian B jerden................................ 49 Petter Holland ..................................... 59

Position(s)
Executive Vice President Sustainable Operations Executive Vice President Supply and Trading Executive Vice President Refining CFO Executive Vice President Marketing and Sales Executive Vice President HR President and CEO

Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi was appointed Chairman of the Board of the Issuer in January 2009 and director and Chairman of the Board of Preem in March 2005. Mr. Al-Amoudi is also Chairman of the Board of Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB and shareholder of Midroc Europe AB.

Jason T Milazzo has been Vice Chairman of the Board of the Issuer since November 2009 and Vice Chairman of the Board of Preem since August 2009. Mr. Milazzo was previously with Morgan Stanley & Co. and held various senior management positions in its investment banking division, including Co-Head of Global Natural Resources Group and Global Head of Corporate Finance Group. Mr. Milazzo is also a Board Member and Vice Chairman of SAMIR and Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB and a Board Member of Corral Morocco Gas and Oil AB, Corral Morocco Holdings AB, Petroswede AB, Safanad Limited and Executive Jets.

Petter Holland joined Preem as Chief Executive Officer in April 2012. Prior to joining Preem, Mr. Holland was an Executive Vice President of Manufacturing at Saudi Aramco Mobil Refinery in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia. In addition, Mr. Holland served in various and extensive positions within ExxonMobil between 1984 and 2012. Mr. Holland has 31 years of experience in the oil refining

126

industry. Mr. Holland received his Master of Science in mechanical engineering from the University of Trondheim.
Richard (Ohman is President of the Board of the Issuer, has been a director of Board of the Issuer since 2007 and has been a director of Preem since 1994. In addition, Mr. (Ohman served as a director of the Former Corral Petroleum Holdings, beginning in 1994, and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of that company from 1999 until its merger with Preem in October 2008. From 1996 to 1999, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Midroc Scandinavia AB, in which Mr. Al-Amoudi has a majority interest. From 1991 to 1992, Mr. (Ohman was in charge of Management and Business Development at ABV Rock Group KB based in Riyadh. From 1983 to 1991, he was involved in international project financing at ABV AB/NCC AB, Stockholm. Mr. (Ohman has 22 years of experience in the oil refining industry. Mr. (Ohman is also a director of Corral Morocco Gas & Oil, Petroswede AB, Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB, Bahia Beach Real Estate AB, Bahia Beach Trancoso Limited and Twinpalms Management Limited.
Bassam Aburdene has been a director of the Board of the Issuer since 2007 and has been a director of Preem since 2001. Mr. Aburdene has also been a director of SAMIR since 1996 and of Fortuna Holdings Company, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Moroncha Holdings, which, in turn, is wholly owned by Mr. Al-Amoudi, since 1995. Mr. Aburdene was also a director of Midroc Scandinavia AB until 2002 and is a director of a number of publicly and privately held companies, namely Arab Palestinian Investment Company (APIC), Capital Trust Limited, CTSA Holdings Limited, Near East Financial Corporation and Phaeton International (BVI) Limited. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of Bethlehem University. Since 1985, he has been a principal shareholder of the Capital Trust Group, which, through its subsidiaries, has provided international merchant and investment banking services to the Issuer and Preem. See ''Related Party Transactions'' elsewhere in this offering memorandum.
Per Hojgard has been a director of Preem since March 2007. Mr. Hojgard was Chief Financial Officer of Preem from 1990 until his retirement on March 31, 2007. Mr. Hojgard has served in similar positions in several public industrial companies. Before his employment with Preem, he was a partner in a management consultancy company from 1985 to 1990. Mr. Hojgard has 25 years of experience in the oil refining industry. Mr. Hojgard holds a MBA degree from Lund University.
Michael G:son Low has been a director of Preem since January 2003. Mr. Low served as Preem's President and Chief Executive Officer from January 2003 until April 2012 and was employed by Preem until July 2013. He is also a director of Boliden AB, Concordia Maritime AB, Stena Bulk AB, Norstel AB and Vastra Hamnen Energy AB. He is Vice Chairman and director of the Swedish-Russian Chamber of Commerce, Svenskt Narlingsliv (the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise) and IKEM AB (a service company and trade organization for the Swedish Industrial and Chemical Employers Association). Furthermore, he is a Member of Chalmers University advisory board and a Fellow Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of the Sciences. Before joining Preem, Mr. Low worked for almost 27 years for the American oil company Conoco Inc. He has been based in Europe, Asia, and the United States covering, for example, refining, supply and trading, shipping, marketing and finance. He was a member of Conoco's European and Asian leadership teams, a director of several local affiliates and Chairman of Conoco's Nordic downstream operations. Mr. Low has 37 years of working experience in the oil industry, mainly downstream and midstream. Mr. Low holds a MSc degree from Stockholm School of Economics.
Lars GR Nelson has been a director of Preem since 1996. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of Preem from 1996 to 2003. From 1981 to 1996, he was President of Skandinaviska Raffinaderi AB Scanraff. Preem has employed Mr. Nelson in various capacities since 1974. Mr. Nelson is also a director of Midroc Rodoverken AB, a subsidiary of Midroc Scandinavia AB, and a director of SAMIR. See ''Related Party Transactions.''
Sven Gunnar Lennart Sunden has been a director of Preem since 2005. Mr. Sunden is presently the Chairman of Aura Light International AB, Troax Group AB, Aura Light Group AB, Stromma Varv AB, Stromma Kanal Fastighets AB, Sunden Holding AB and is a director of Velcora Holding AB and Skerpan AB. Mr. Sunden holds a Master of Engineering degree from the KTH Royal Institute of Technology and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Stockholm School of Economics. He was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Sanitec Corporation from 2005 to 2006 and of Swedish Match AB from 1998 to 2004 and was employed in a variety of positions with AB Electrolux from 1977 to 1998.
127

Jamal Ba-Amer has been a director of Preem since 1995. Mr. Ba-Amer holds and Engineering Degree from Jeddah University. Mr. Ba-Amer obtained a chemical engineering degree from King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals in 1984. Mr. Ba-Amer has 30 years of experience in the oil refining industry. Mr. Ba-Amer started his professional career in 1985 as Process Engineer with the Jeddah Oil Refinery and went on to work at Aramco in international operations. In 1995, he joined the Issuer as a refining and marketing specialist and became a member of the Board of Directors of the Scanraff and Preem Refineries in Sweden. In 1997, he was appointed Director of Moroccan Operations of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB and made President of Corral Holding Maroc. He also joined the Boards of Directors of SAMIR, SALAM GAZ and SDBP. In 2004, Mr. Ba-Amer was appointed a General Manager of SAMIR Refinery and led the SAMIR Upgrade Project from 2005 to 2010.
Cristian Mattsson has served as an Employee Representative on the Board of Preem since 2003. Mr. Mattson has been employed as a technician at Scanraff since 1988. Prior to this Mr. Mattsson was Employee Representative on the board of Scanraff. Mr. Mattsson has 27 years of experience in the oil refining industry.
Eva Lind Grennfelt has been employed as an engineer at Preemraff Gothenburg refinery since 2003 and has served as a Deputy Employee representative on the Board of the Issuer since 2008. Prior to this Mrs. Grennfelt was working as process engineer at Kvaerner Pulping AB. Mrs. Grennfelt has twelve years of experience in the oil refinery industry. Mrs. Grennfelt holds a M.Sc. of Chemical Engineering from Chalmers University of Technology.
Erika Andersson has served as an Employee Representative on the Board of Preem since April 2014. Ms. Andersson has been employed at Preem since February 2009 and works within our Marketing and Sales segment.
Eivind H Simonsen has been employed as a technician at Preemraff Gothenburg since 1990 and has served as deputy employee representative on the Board of Preem since 2008.
Anders Malm joined Preem in 2004 and has served as Manager of Distribution. Since May 2015 he has served as Executive Vice President of Supply & Trading. Mr. Malm has held various positions at Preem since joining in 2004, including management roles in Logistics, Depot & Distribution, Physical Management and Manager Strategic Transition Program. During these years, Mr. Malm has also been a member of the board of directors of the subsidiary companies AB Djurgardsberg and Svensk Petroleumforvaltning AB. Mr. Malm has 25 years of experience in the oil refining industry.
Ingrid Bodin joined Preem in 1988 and has served as Manager of Production Planning and Manager of Business Development. From 2006 to 2015, she has served as Executive Vice President of Supply and Trading. Since May 2015 she has served as Executive Vice President of Sustainable Operations. Until April 2016, Ms. Bodin was also a director and Chairman of Preem Gas. In addition she is a director of VindIn AB, Ikem and the European Petroleum Refiners Association. Ms. Bodin has 27 years of experience in the oil refining business and in oil trading. Ms. Bodin holds a Master of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management.
Peter Abrahamsson started working for the refinery at Preemraff Gothenburg as a production engineer in 1991 after taking his licentiate degree at Chalmers. He has served as Executive Vice President of Refining since April 2012. Mr. Abrahamsson has held various positions at Preem since joining in 1991, including Chief Executive Officer for Goteborgs Smorjmedelsfabrik and Production and Technical Manager for Preemraff in Gothenburg. Mr. Abrahamsson serves as a director of Preem Technology and was the Managing Director at Scanlube AB from 2002 to 2006.
Gunilla Spongh joined Preem in 2015 and serves as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to this role, Ms. Spongh was International Business Director at Mekonomen AB (publ) from 2012 to 2015 and Chief Financial Officer at Mekonomen AB (publ) from 2007 to 2012. Before that Ms. Spongh served as Chief Financial Officer at CashGuard AB (publ) and Enea AB (publ) and has held various financial director positions within Electrolux and Fresenius-Kabi. Ms. Spongh is a member of the board of directors of Infranord AB, B&B Tools AB (publ) and AQ Group AB (publ). Ms. Spongh has recently joined the oil refining industry. Ms. Spongh holds a Master of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management degree from Linkoping Institute of Technology.
128

Magnus Holm has served as Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales since April 1, 2014, when he joined Preem. Prior to assuming this role, Mr. Holm was Nordic Head of Sales at Northern Europe's largest energy company, Vattenfall. Mr. Holm has also served as Vice President of Marketing and Sales within Vattenfall Nordic Heat and as a director on the boards of certain Vattenfall subsidiaries. In his earlier career he held Managing Director positions in the media, real estate and logistics industries. During April 2016 Mr. Holm became director and chairman of Preem Gas AB.
Christian Bjerdn joined Preem in 2007 and serves as Executive Vice President of Human Resources. Prior to this role, Mr. Bjerden held various positions within Preem, including Human Resources Business Partner and Human Resource Manager. Mr. Bjerden also serves as a principal of the Public School and Arts School. Mr. Bjerden is a member of the board of directors of Preem AB and was, until April 2016, a director of Preem Gas AB. Mr. Bjerden has eight years of experience in the oil refining industry. Mr. Bjerden holds a master's degree from (rebro University.
Board of Directors of the Issuer and Preem
The board of directors of the Issuer currently has four members: Bassam Aburdene, Richard hman as Managing Director, Jason T Milazzo as Vice Chairman and Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi as Chairman of the Board. Under its articles of association, the Issuer is required to have a minimum of three directors, not more than eight directors and a maximum of five deputy members. A majority of the directors must be present for there to be a quorum. Directors are appointed at each annual general shareholders' meeting and serve until the end of the next annual general shareholders' meeting, unless they retire or are replaced during that period. The current directors of the Issuer are designees of its parent company, Moroncha Holdings. They were elected at the Issuer's 2012 annual general shareholders' meeting on March 28, 2012 and have thereafter been re-elected annually at the Issuer's annual general shareholders' meetings. The 2015 annual general shareholders' meeting was held on March 31, 2015, at which time the current directors were re-elected to serve until the end of the Issuer's 2016 annual general shareholders' meeting. Directors may be removed without cause by a resolution of the shareholders. The directors of the Issuer have the power to manage the business and to use all of the powers of the company not inconsistent with the Issuer's articles of association and the Swedish Companies Act. The Issuer has not entered into any service contracts with any of its directors or any directors of its subsidiaries providing for benefits upon termination of employment.
The board of directors of Preem currently has twelve ordinary members and two deputy members. Under its articles of association, the board of directors must have a minimum of three directors and not more than fifteen members, with not more than eight deputy members. A majority of the directors must be present for there to be a quorum. All directors except for two employee representatives and the two deputy directors who are also employee representatives are designees of Corral Petroleum Holdings and are appointed at each annual general shareholders' meeting and serve until the end of the next annual general shareholders' meeting, unless they retire or are replaced during that period. The two directors and the two deputy directors who are employee representatives are appointed by the labor unions that represent Preem's employees and serve until the labor unions appoint new representatives, up to a maximum of four financial years. The current directors of Preem, except for the two employee representatives and the deputy directors, were appointed on March 31, 2015 and will serve until the end of the Preem 2016 annual general shareholders' meeting. Directors elected at a shareholders' meeting may be removed without cause by a resolution of the shareholders. The directors of Preem have the power to manage the business and to use all of the powers of the company not inconsistent with Preem's articles of association and the Swedish Companies Act. Other than as described in ''Management--Executive Compensation'' below, Preem has not entered into any service contracts with any of its directors or any directors of its subsidiaries providing for benefits upon termination of employment. Its board of directors has established an audit committee. In 2015, Per Hojgard and Richard Ohman were re-elected as members; Richard Ohman for three years (as Chairman), and Per Hojgard for two.
129

Under the Swedish Companies Act, a director may not take part in decisions relating to agreements between the company and each of the following:
 that director;
 a third party, if that director has a material interest that may conflict with the interest of the company; and
 a legal entity that is represented by that director.
If the director directly or indirectly owns all shares in the company, however, the above restrictions do not apply. Moreover, the third restriction does not apply if the counterparty to the company is a member of the same corporate group.
Compensation for the directors of the Issuer and Preem is determined at their respective annual general shareholders' meetings. The Issuer and Preem also pay for all travel, hotel and other expenses incurred by their respective directors in connection with their attendance at board meetings or otherwise in connection with the discharge of their duties.
Executive Compensation
The Issuer paid no compensation to its directors and executive officers in 2015. The Issuer was incorporated on March 22, 2007, and has not paid any compensation to its directors or officers to date.
Preem paid to its directors and executive officers aggregate compensation of SEK 38.0 million, including bonuses of SEK 5.4 million, in 2015, SEK 41.9 million, including bonuses of SEK 9.9 million, in 2014 and SEK 21.8 million, including bonuses of SEK 2.8 million in 2013. Bonuses were determined by the board of directors of Preem pursuant to provisions of employment agreements between Preem and the individual executive officers.
Employment Agreements
Messrs. Abrahamsson, Bjerden, Holm, Malm, Holland, Ms. Bodin and Ms. Spongh, are each party to an employment agreement and an incentive plan called ''Preem Long Term Incentive Plan'' with Preem. Each of these agreements provides compensation for employment services including a fixed annual salary as specified in the agreement, an annual bonus, certain insurances and pension benefits.
Under the terms of the agreement for Mr. Holland, either party may terminate the employment by giving six months' notice. Mr. Holland is entitled to receive his full salary and benefits during the entire notice period.
Under the terms of the agreement for Messrs. Abrahamsson, Bjerden, Holm and Ms. Bodin, either Preem or the individual employee may terminate the employment. Upon termination by Preem there is a twelve month notice period. In addition to payment of their salary and benefits during the twelve month notice period, each of Messrs. Abrahamsson, Bjerden, Holm and Ms. Bodin is entitled to a severance pay equal to twelve months' salary and the average of bonus payments from the last three years and the value of all other benefits, irrespective of whether they receive remuneration from new employment or other gainful activities after the termination. The severance pay is not pensionable and will be paid in twelve monthly installments following the termination of employment. Upon termination of employment by the individual employee, a six month notice period applies.
Under the terms of the agreements for Mr. Malm and Ms. Spongh, either Preem or the individual employee may terminate the employment by giving six months' notice. In addition to payment of the salary and benefits during the six month notice period, Mr. Malm and Ms. Spongh are entitled to a severance pay equal to six months' salary and the average of bonus payments from the last three years and the value of all other benefits, irrespective of whether they receive remuneration from new employment or other gainful activities after the termination. The severance pay is not pensionable and will be paid in six monthly installments following the termination of employment.
130

However, in case of immediate dismissal based on gross negligence or serious breach of contract on the part of the respective employee, no termination payment or severance pay will be due.
In addition, each employment agreement of Messrs. Abrahamsson Bjerden, Holm, Malm and Ms. Bodin provides that the employees may be put on garden leave during the notice period. In such case, any other compensation they may receive from a new employment during the garden leave would reduce their respective entitlement to salary and benefits during the notice period by the amount of the compensation received. Such reduction would, however, not apply to their severance pay. First Vice Chairman of the Board
First Vice Chairman of the Board Jason T. Milazzo is engaged under a consultancy agreement between Preem and Sparrow Winds Limited. The agreement is in force until further notice starting from January 1, 2015 and may be terminated by Preem subject to 30 months' notice. Loans to Management
As of the date of this offering memorandum, none of the Issuer or Preem had any loans outstanding with its management. Management's Interests
None of the directors or executive officers of the Issuer or Preem (other than Mr. Al-Amoudi, who is director and Chairman of the Issuer and Preem and indirectly holds the shares in both companies) hold any shares in any of these companies, and none of the companies have granted any option rights to any of its respective directors, executive officers, or employees.
131

OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK As of the date of this offering memorandum, the Issuer is the holding company of the Group, which includes Preem. The Issuer is wholly owned by Moroncha Holdings, which, in turn, is wholly owned by Mr. Al-Amoudi, the Ultimate Shareholder. Through such ownership, the Ultimate Shareholder indirectly has the right to make binding nominations for the appointment of members of the board of directors of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, including Preem, and to determine the outcome of any action requiring shareholder approval, including election and removal of any such directors, amendments to the charters, mergers and other extraordinary corporate actions of the Issuer or of Preem. Mr. Al-Amoudi's holdings include Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB, a petroleum exploration and production company, a majority interest in SAMIR, a Moroccan oil refining company and a majority interest in Midroc Europe AB, a holding company of a group of companies active in the field of industrial construction, repair and maintenance. See ''Related Party Transactions" for additional information. Although these related companies currently do not directly compete with us in our primary markets, we cannot assure you that they will not compete with us in the future. Some of the directors and executive officers of the Issuer and Preem also act as directors or executive officers with some of these related companies. See ''Management'' elsewhere in this offering memorandum. Preem also engages in commercial transactions with some of these related companies from time to time. See ''Related Party Transactions'' elsewhere in this offering memorandum for details of such transactions. If the Issuer or Preem enters into any such transactions with any of these related companies, we intend to do so on terms no less favorable than those we could have obtained from unrelated third parties. Nonetheless, such transactions could result in conflicting interests.
132

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Midroc Europe AB
Midroc Europe AB, a company in which Mr. Al-Amoudi has a majority interest, has provided and continues to provide maintenance and construction services, through its subsidiaries, including Midroc Electro AB, Midroc Project Management AB, Midroc Alucrom AB and Midroc Rodoverken AB, to Preem. For these services, Preem paid SEK 246 million as of December 31, 2015, SEK 216 million in 2014 and SEK 293 million in 2013. Many of these services are provided on an as-needed basis. Accordingly, the amounts paid for these services may vary from year to year depending on the amount of services provided. We believe that the foregoing transactions were entered into on terms no less favorable to us than those that could have been obtained from an unrelated third party.
Huda Trading AB
Preem entered into an agreement with Huda Trading AB to conduct business involving the purchase, storage and sale of oil, specifically when the market is in ''contango'' meaning that forward prices of crude oil or refined products exceed current spot market prices. Huda Trading AB was 100% owned by Huda Holdings Limited, which is 100% controlled by Mr. Al-Amoudi. The agreement also includes the provision of operational and administrative support from Preem. Sales totaled SEK 0 million as of December 31, 2015, SEK 0 million in 2014 and SEK 6 million in 2013, and purchases totaled SEK0 million as of December 31, 2015, SEK 1 million in 2014 and SEK 4 million in 2013. Huda Trading AB entered into voluntary liquidation on September 3, 2014, which terminated on August 31, 2015.
Corral Morocco Gas & Oil
On February 6, 2006, Corral Morocco Gas & Oil, which is indirectly 100% owned by Mr. Al-Amoudi, issued and delivered a promissory note to a predecessor of Preem in a principal amount of SEK 3,136 million with an interest rate of 5.0% per annum. The promissory note was issued as payment in a transaction where the shares in SAMIR were sold from Preem to Corral Morocco Gas & Oil. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding principal, including capitalized interest, was SEK 1,567 million (172 million). Preem may demand repayment in full, plus all accrued and unpaid interest, upon nine months' notice. The receivable from this promissory note is tested every year using a consistent cash flow model and the same cash flow model will continue to be used in the future. Where required as a result of such testing, the receivable may be written down. This write down has no impact on Preem's cash flow, and instead would be treated as a reservation for the value of a long-term asset for accounting purposes.
Constellation Holdings LLC
Constellation Holdings LLC provided strategic and investment banking advisory services and acted as an advisor to Preem in consultative and advisory services on strategic issues. The contract governing these services was terminated in December 2014.
Mr. Al-Amoudi is the principal shareholder of Constellation Holdings LLC. We believe that the foregoing transactions were entered into on terms no less favorable to us or to our subsidiaries than those that could have been obtained from an unrelated third party. Purchases made during 2015 amount to SEK 0 and during 2014 amount to SEK 16 million.
Capital Trust Group
Capital Trust Group, through its subsidiaries, provides international merchant and investment banking services. CTNV, Ltd., a member of the Capital Trust Group, has acted as our advisor in connection with the offering of the Notes, for which we will pay a fee equal to 1% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes and the A&R Credit Facility.
In addition, Mr. Bassam Aburdene, a director of Preem, is also a principal shareholder of Capital Trust Group. We believe that the foregoing transactions were entered into on terms no less favorable to us than those that could have been obtained from an unrelated third party.
133

Our Ultimate Shareholder In connection with certain transactions refinancing the Group's debt in 2011, Mr. Al-Amoudi
made a $600 million contribution to the Group by way of a subordinated shareholder loan and contributed $8 million and 9 million to the payment of expenses relating to these transactions by way of a subordinated shareholder loan as well. The Existing Shareholder Loans bear an interest rate of 5% per annum and are paid in kind semi-annually. The outstanding principal amount of Existing Shareholder Loans were reduced as of August 27, 2014, January 31, 2015 and February 29, 2016 by converting SEK 1,050 million, SEK 1,000 million and SEK500 million equivalent, respectively, from Existing Shareholder Loans to shareholders' contributions. As of December 31, 2015, the Existing Shareholder Loans, including accrued interest expense, amounted to $464 million and 11 million respectively. Mr. Al-Amoudi also owns all of the Existing Shareholder Notes in an aggregate amount outstanding of 159 million and $71 million as of December 31, 2015. As part of the Transactions, the maturity of the Existing Shareholder Loans and the Existing Shareholder Notes will be extended to a date that is no earlier than the 181st day after the maturity of the Notes. See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--Subordinated Shareholder Debt.''
Mr Al-Amoudi wholly owns and controls our direct parent, Moroncha Holdings, which has entered into an undertaking with the Trustee that it will not, and that it will cause the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries not to, participate (directly or indirectly) in (x) a Substantial Disposition or (y) a direct or indirect transfer, issuance or other disposition by Moroncha Holdings of the Capital Stock of the Company resulting (in the case of this clause (y)) from an enforcement of the Share Pledge pursuant to which the Parent, the Issuer or any affiliate of the Parent or Issuer is a purchaser (directly or indirectly) unless, in either case described in (x) and (y) above, the terms of such Substantial Disposition provide for the repayment in full of the Notes, or the issuance of a notice of redemption for all of the Notes in accordance with the optional redemption provisions of the Indenture, and the payment of any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and Additional Amounts, if any, within two Business Days following the receipt of Net Available Cash from such Substantial Disposition and the cash required to fund such redemption is delivered to the relevant Paying Agent within one Business Day after closing such Substantial Disposition.
Conflicts of Interest Except as described above, and in the sections ''Risk Factors--Risks related to the Notes and
our Capital Structure--We are controlled by one shareholder whose interests as they relate to us may conflict with your interests'' and ''Management'', as at the date of this offering memorandum, our directors and principal executive officers do not have any potential conflicts of interest between any duties to us and their private interests or other duties.
Affiliate's Purchase of the Notes An affiliate of the Issuer is expected to purchase an aggregate principal amount of up to
10 million of the Notes in the offering at the offering price. If such purchase is made, the affiliate will enter into a 90-day lock-up agreement containing customary exceptions, including transfers to beneficial owners who agree to the lock-up terms, subject to waiver by Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
134

DESCRIPTION OF OTHER FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS
This describes indebtedness that we expect will exist after consummation of the Transactions. The following summary is not complete and is subject to the full text of the documents described below. For a description of our indebtedness as in place prior to the Transactions, see ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-- Liquidity and Capital Resources--Description of Indebtedness.''
Subordinated Shareholder Debt
Existing Shareholder Notes
The Issuer issued the Existing Shareholder Notes pursuant to an indenture dated May 6, 2010, as amended on September 14, 2011 and, conditioned upon successful completion of the offering of the Notes, as amended immediately prior to the Issue Date of the Notes. The Existing Shareholder Notes are unsecured obligations of Corral Petroleum Holdings and are junior in right of payment to all existing and future senior debt of Corral Petroleum Holdings, including the Notes, and are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of Corral Petroleum Holdings' subsidiaries, including under the A&R Credit Facility. As part of the Transactions, we will amend the Indenture pursuant to which the Existing Shareholder Notes have been issued in order to extend the maturity of the Existing Shareholder Notes to be no earlier than the 181st day after the Notes have been repaid, redeemed or defeased. The Ultimate Shareholder owns all outstanding Existing Shareholder Notes, comprising an aggregate amount outstanding of 159 million and $71 million, as of December 31, 2015.
Existing Shareholder Loans
The Issuer incurred the Existing Shareholder Loans in connection with certain transactions refinancing the Group's debt in 2011, comprising a $600 million subordinated shareholder loan, and two additional subordinated shareholder loans of $8 million and 9 million which were applied to the payment of expenses relating to certain refinancing transactions taking place in 2011. The Existing Shareholder Loans bear an interest rate of 5% per annum and are paid in kind semiannually. The outstanding principal amount of Existing Shareholder Loans were reduced as of August 27, 2014, January 31, 2015 and February 29, 2016 by converting SEK 1,050 million, SEK 1,000 million and SEK 500 million equivalent, respectively, from Existing Shareholder Loans to shareholders' contributions. As of December 31, 2015, the Existing Shareholder Loans, including accrued interest expense, amounted to $464 million and 11 million respectively. The Existing Shareholder Loans cannot be repaid before the 181st day after the Notes have been repaid, redeemed or defeased.
Changes in connection with the Transactions
In connection with the Transactions, the Issuer and the Ultimate Shareholder will effect modifications to the Subordinated Shareholder Debt that will, among other things, ensure that the Subordinated Shareholder Debt:
(1) does not mature or require any amortization, redemption or other repayment of principal or any sinking fund payment prior to the 181st day after the Notes have been repaid, redeemed or defeased;
(2) does not require, prior to the 181st day after the Notes have been repaid, redeemed or defeased, payment of cash interest, cash withholding amounts or other cash gross-ups, or any similar cash amounts;
(3) contains no change of control or similar provisions, does not accelerate and has no right to declare a default or event of default or take any enforcement action or otherwise require any cash payment, in each case, prior to the 181st day after the Notes have been repaid, redeemed or defeased;
(4) does not provide for or require any security interest or encumbrance over any asset of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries; and
135

(5)

pursuant to its terms is fully subordinated and junior in right of payment to the Notes

pursuant to subordination, payment blockage and enforcement limitation terms which are

customary in all material respects for similar funding.

A&R Credit Facility
Preem entered into the 2011 Credit Facility pursuant to a facilities agreement dated September 14, 2011, as amended on October 22, 2012 and as amended and restated on May 20, 2013 and as further amended on May 15, 2014, October 6, 2014, February 10, 2015 and June 26, 2015 by, among others, Preem as borrower, the coordinating mandated lead arrangers and lenders named therein, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as facility agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as factoring bank, and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), as letter of credit fronting bank.
As part of the Transactions, the parties to the 2011 Credit Facility entered into an amendment and restatement agreement to the 2011 Credit Facility on February 3, 2016, as further amended pursuant to an amendment letter dated, April 18, 2016, pursuant to which certain amendments to the 2011 Credit Facility will become effective on the Issue Date of the Notes, by, among others, Preem, as borrower, Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, DNB Bank ASA, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Nordea Bank AB (publ), Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit and Swedbank AB (publ), as lenders (collectively, the ''Lenders''), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as facility agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as factoring bank, and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), as fronting bank.
The effectiveness of the A&R Credit Facility is currently subject to certain customary conditions precedent and other conditions, including the issuance of the Notes offered hereby and completion of the other elements of the Transactions.

Structure
The A&R Credit Facility provides Preem with an approximate $68 million (equivalent, translated using the March 31, 2016 exchange rate of $1=SEK 8.1472) term loan and a $1,542 million multi-currency revolving facility.
The A&R Credit Facility has a maturity date of four years and six months from the Closing Date, except that the term loan, which represents a continuation of the remaining outstanding principal amount of the term loan facility under the 2011 Credit Facility, will mature on September 14, 2016. Loans and letters of credit under the revolving credit facilities may be used to refinance amounts outstanding under the 2011 Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes and working capital requirements (including, without limitation, the payment of fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the A&R Credit Facility and the making of permitted payments) and for a specified potential acquisition (subject to certain conditions), but not for the financing of any other acquisition.

Incremental Facility
Preem may request an increase in the size of the total commitments under the revolving loan and letter of credit facilities that are subject to the borrowing base limits up to a maximum aggregate amount of (i) $1,650 million while the price of oil has been, on average, less than $100 per barrel during the five Business Days immediately prior to (and excluding) the day of such request or (ii) $1,850 million while the price of oil has been, on average, equal to or more than $100 per barrel during the five Business Days immediately prior to (and excluding) the day of such request, to be made available by way of an incremental facility (the ''Incremental Facility'') on the same terms as the revolving loan and letter of credit facilities that are subject to the borrowing base limits under the A&R Credit Facility. If the Incremental Facility is to be provided by any lender that is not an existing lender under the A&R Credit Facility then the provision of the Incremental Facility will be subject to the approval of such new lender by the existing majority lenders under the A&R Credit Facility (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

136

Interest
Interest on loans utilized under the A&R Credit Facility accrues at a rate equal to IBOR plus an applicable margin for each of the facilities. The revolving loan that is subject to the borrowing base limits has a margin of 3.50% per annum and the letter of credit facilities that are subject to the borrowing base limits have a fee of 1.75% per annum. The revolving loan that is not subject to the borrowing base limits has a margin of 4.00% per annum and the letter of credit facilities that are not subject to the borrowing base limits have a fee of 2% per annum. The term loan facility has a margin of 5.00%. ''IBOR'' means (a) in the case of euros, EURIBOR, (b) in the case of Swedish Kronor, STIBOR (c) in the case of Norwegian Kroner, NIBOR and (d) in the case of any other currency, LIBOR, in each case determined in accordance with the A&R Credit Facility. Such interest is payable on a six-month basis, or in the case of loans with a term shorter than six months, on the last day of such term.
Financial Covenants
Under the A&R Credit Facility, Preem is obliged to maintain certain agreed financial ratios, such as Adjusted Net Debt (as defined below) to consolidated EBITDA, interest cover ratios and minimum equity levels.
Interest Cover Ratio
Under the A&R Credit Facility, Preem must ensure that the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest costs (meaning, in relation to each trailing twelve month period, ending on a quarter date, all interest, whether paid or payable (but excluding capitalized interest), incurred by the Preem group during that period calculated on a consolidated basis), does not fall below 3.0 to 1.0.
Adjusted Net Debt to consolidated EBITDA
Under the A&R Credit Facility, until the term loan portion of the A&R Credit Facility has been paid in full, Preem must ensure that the ratio of interest bearing liabilities of the Preem group (excluding interest bearing liabilities of the Preem group under the working capital facilities and after deducting cash and cash equivalents) (''Adjusted Net Debt'') to consolidated EBITDA does not in respect of any trailing twelve month period ending on a quarter date exceed 1.5 to 1.0.
Minimum Equity Covenant
Under the A&R Credit Facility, Preem must ensure that the value of adjusted equity does not fall below SEK 5,000 million at any time.
Equity Cure
The A&R Credit Facility contains certain equity cure rights which can be exercised in respect of each of the financial covenants by either reducing Adjusted Net Debt, increasing the value of adjusted equity or, for the purposes of calculating consolidated interest costs, be deemed to have been received and applied in reduction of financial indebtedness (as applicable). The equity cure rights cannot be exercised more than three times over the life of the facilities or more than once in any financial year or in any consecutive financial quarters. In certain circumstances, equity cure rights may be exercised by the holders of the Notes. These equity cure rights may take the form of cash contributions or subordinated loans to Preem from the Issuer. See ''Description of Notes-- Certain Definitions--Subordinated Equity Cure Loans.''
Certain General Covenants
The A&R Credit Facility also includes (with certain customary exceptions) a negative pledge, prohibitions on the disposal or acquisition of assets by the Preem group, restrictions on incurring financial indebtedness, and other restrictions typical of transactions of this nature.
The A&R Credit Facility also provides for restrictions on capital expenditures, whereby no member of the Preem group may incur any capital expenditure which, when aggregated with the capital expenditure incurred by any other member of the Preem group (other than capital
137

expenditure for the heavy fuel oil upgrade project), exceeds the following levels in any financial year of Preem:
(i) for the financial year ending December 31, 2015, SEK 894 million;
(ii) for the financial year endingDecember 31, 2016, SEK 1,893 million;
(iii) for the financial year endingDecember 31, 2017, SEK 3,027 million;
(iv) for the financial year endingDecember 31, 2018, SEK 1,372 million;
(v) for the financial year endingDecember 31, 2019, SEK 1,576 million; and
(vi) for the financial year endingDecember 31, 2020, SEK 1,250 million;
The Issuer has confirmed that for purposes of calculating the capital expenditures referred to above, it will direct the Company to include, and the Company will include, the expenditures related to the planned investment of approximately SEK 1,600 million in vacuum distillation equipment at Preemraff Lysekil (which expenditures are planned to be spread over three years, budgeted as 20% in 2016, 40% in 2017 and 40% in 2018) within the caps set out in clauses (i) to (vi) above.
Any unutilized balance of permitted capital expenditure in any financial year may be carried forward for one financial year only.
The A&R Credit Facility also contains other restrictions and prohibitions that prevent Preem from making any distribution, or declaring or paying any dividend, other than as described below.
In addition, the A&R Credit Facility also requires Preem to continue to adhere to a hedging policy previously agreed with the Lenders with respect to the price risk in its inventory position.
Restrictions on Upstreaming of Cash
Preem may not make any distribution or declare or pay any dividend to the Issuer whatsoever unless permitted pursuant to the terms of the A&R Credit Facility. The A&R Credit Facility provides for the following ''Permitted Payments'':
(A) the group tax contribution (SW.Koncernbidrag) (the ''Group Contribution'') to the Issuer by way of dividend provided that the amount equal to the Group Contribution is simultaneously made available to Preem by way of equity contribution or a loan subordinated pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and provided further that this is effected by accounting entries only and no cash is actually moved between Preem and the Issuer;
(B) at any time following the date on which all arrangement fees under the A&R Credit Facility have been paid to the Lenders, a lawful dividend, distribution or payment from Preem to the Issuer made on June 30 and December 31 in each financial year for the purposes of servicing cash pay interest accrued and payable under the Notes, provided that:
(1) any such dividend, distribution or payment to be made on June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016 may only be made from Excess Cashflow (as defined in paragraph (A) of the definition of ''Excess Cashflow'' included below), in respect of the financial year ending December 31, 2015, after deducting amounts of Excess Cashflow required to be applied in prepayment of the term loan under the A&R Credit Facility and may not be funded by using any portion of the revolving facilities that is not subject to borrowing base limits (and Excess Cashflow remaining after the making of such dividend, distribution or payment shall be ''Surplus Excess Cashflow''); and
(2) any such dividend, distribution or payment to be made on June 30 or on December 31 in any subsequent financial year of Preem can only be made from Excess Cashflow (as defined in paragraph (B) of the definition of ''Excess Cashflow'' included below) (and may not be funded by using any portion of the revolving facilities that is not subject to borrowing base limits), with each June 30 payment being paid from the Excess Cashflow calculated as of March 31 in the applicable financial year and each December 31 payment being paid from the Excess Cashflow calculated as of
138

September 30 in the applicable financial year (and, in each case, Excess Cashflow remaining after the making of such dividend, distribution or payment shall be ''Surplus Excess Cashflow''),
and (in each case) further provided that such dividend, distribution or payment may only be made if:
(i) no default under the A&R Credit Facility has occurred and is continuing on the Confirmation Date (as defined in paragraph (iii) below) or would arise as a result of the dividend, distribution or payment were it to be made on the Confirmation Date (as defined in paragraph (iii) below);
(ii) all fees due in connection with the A&R Credit Facility have been paid in full on the date of such dividend, distribution or payment; and
(iii) 32 days prior to the date upon which the proposed payment, dividend or distribution is to be made (such date being the ''Confirmation Date''), Preem provides to the facility agent:
(a) a written confirmation that (i) its Minimum Liquidity (defined below) during the 30 days prior to the Confirmation Date was, on average, greater than $100 million or, if Preem makes a Reduced ML Election (as defined in paragraph (c) below) in respect of the proposed payment, dividend or distribution in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (c) below, $50 million and (ii) its Minimum Liquidity on the Confirmation Date after taking account of the proposed payment, dividend or distribution (assuming it was paid on the Confirmation Date) will be, greater than $100 million (or, if Preem has made a Reduced ML Election in accordance with paragraph (c) below in respect of the proposed payment, dividend or distribution, $50 million); and
(b) in the case of a proposed payment, dividend or distribution in respect of which Preem has made a Reduced ML Election under paragraph (iii)(a) above, a cash flow forecast for the Group for a period of not less than 12 months following the Confirmation Date showing that Preem is forecast to remain in compliance with the Financial Covenants (described above) in respect of the A&R Credit Facility for such 12 month period (and assuming such payment is paid);
(c) Preem may elect to reduce the Minimum Liquidity threshold applicable to a proposed payment, dividend or distribution to be made under this paragraph (B) during any 12 month period ending on June 30, 2016 or December 31, 2016 (the ''Reduced ML Election''), provided that Preem may not make more than one Reduced ML Election during the life of the Facilities and any such Reduced ML Election shall (x) only apply in respect of the proposed payment, dividend or distribution made immediately following the written confirmation in which the Reduced ML Election was made and (y) not (for the avoidance of doubt) apply in respect of any payment, distribution or dividend proposed to be made pursuant to paragraph (C) below;
(C) at any time following the date on which all arrangement fees under the A&R Credit Facility have been paid to the Lenders, a lawful dividend, distribution or payment from Preem to the Issuer for the purposes of: (A) prepaying principal amounts outstanding under the Notes which constitute interest previously paid as PIK Interest (each a ''Capitalized Amount''); and/or (B) repaying principal amounts (other than Capitalized Amounts) outstanding under the Notes (each a ''Designated Principal Payment''), provided that (in each case):
(1) no such payment, distribution or dividend may be made in respect of any 12 month period ending on March 31,2016, June 30, 2016, September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2016; and
139

(2) any such payment, distribution or dividend must be made at the same time as a June 30 payment or a December 31 payment of cash interest on the Notes, and from the Surplus Excess Cashflow available after the making of such June 30 cash interest payment or, as the case may be, December 31 cash interest payment after deducting any Surplus Excess Cashflow which has become Designated Excess Cashflow (as defined in paragraph (E) below) (and may not be funded using any portion of the revolving facilities that is not subject to borrowing base limits) and only if:
(i) no default under the A&R Credit Facility has occurred and is continuing on the Confirmation Date (as defined in paragraph (iii) below) or would arise as a result of the dividend, distribution or payment were it to be made on the Confirmation Date (as defined in paragraph (iii) below);
(ii) all fees due in connection with the A&R Credit Facility have been paid in full on the date of such dividend, distribution or payment;
(iii) 32 days prior to the date on which such proposed payment, dividend or distribution is due to be made (such date being the ''Confirmation Date''), Preem provides the facility agent with:
(a) a written confirmation that (i) its Minimum Liquidity during the 30 days prior to the Confirmation Date was, on average, greater than $175 million and (ii) its Minimum Liquidity on the Confirmation Date after taking account of the proposed payment, dividend or distribution (assuming it was paid on the Confirmation Date) will be greater than $175 million; and
(b) in respect of any dividend, distribution or payment which either (x) is to be used wholly or in part for the purposes of a Designated Principal Payment or (y) is to be used to repay Capitalized Amounts where the aggregate amount of such proposed payment exceeds an amount equal to one year's interest then due on the Notes, an updated business plan of the Group covering a period of not less than five years following the Confirmation Date together with a cash flow forecast for the Group for a period of not less than 12 months following the Confirmation Date showing that Preem is forecast to remain in compliance with the Financial Covenants (described above) in respect of the A&R Credit Facility for such 12 month period (and assuming such payment is paid); and
(iv) Preem's auditors provide the finance parties under the A&R Credit Facility with written confirmation on the Confirmation Date that they have reviewed the calculations set out in the written confirmation delivered by Preem to the facility agent and that they are satisfied that such calculations are consistent with the relevant corresponding definitions set out in the A&R Credit Facility agreement;
(D) paying administrative costs of the Issuer up to a maximum amount of $500,000 in any calendar year; and
(E) at any time following the date on which the arrangement fee under the A&R Credit Facility has been paid in full to the Lenders, a lawful dividend, distribution or payment from Preem to the Issuer made on a Quarter Date falling on 30 June or 31 December in each financial year for the purposes of servicing cash pay interest accrued and payable under the Notes (and which has not, for the avoidance of doubt, been capitalised and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes) and which has not otherwise been serviced as a result of a dividend, distribution or payment made under paragraph (B) above and building up a cash pay interest reserve provided that:
(1) any such dividend, distribution or payment can only be made from Designated Excess Cashflow (as defined below) on that Quarter Date in accordance with the provisions below; and
(2) 32 days prior to the Quarter Date upon which the proposed payment, dividend or distribution is to be made (such date being the ''Confirmation Date''), Preem provides
140

to the Facility Agent a Permitted Payment Certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer of Preem or any other duly authorised signatory:
(i) confirming the amount of the payment proposed to be made pursuant to this paragraph (E) on the immediately following Quarter Date provided that such amount shall not exceed the maximum amount permitted to be paid pursuant to paragraph (1) below; and
(ii) certifying that no Default has occurred and is continuing on the Confirmation Date or would arise as a result of the dividend, distribution or payment were it to be made on the Confirmation Date.
For the purposes of paragraph (E) above, ''Designated Excess Cashflow'' means all or any part of any Surplus Excess Cashflow which is not paid to the Issuer on a particular Quarter Date (being the ''Relevant Quarter Date'') in accordance with paragraphs (B) or (C) above (but would have been permitted at that time to be paid by way of dividend, distribution or payment to the Issuer in accordance with the conditions set out in paragraphs (B)(1) and (B)(2) above other than by virtue of the amount being in excess of the amount required for the relevant interest payment under the Notes) which Preem has designated in the applicable Permitted Payment Certificate delivered 32 days prior to the Relevant Quarter Date as Designated Excess Cashflow provided that:
(1) the amount of any Surplus Excess Cashflow which constitutes Designated Excess Cashflow shall not exceed an amount which would result in the aggregate amount standing to the credit of the Interest Reserve Account (following receipt of such amount into the Interest Reserve Account and including any Overfunding Amount (being the excess proceeds of the offering on the Issue Date) (not already applied in accordance with the A&R Credit Facility)) on the Relevant Quarter Date exceeding an amount equal to the aggregate amount of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes (pursuant to the terms of the Notes on the Effective Date) during the 12 months falling after (and excluding) the Relevant Quarter Date;
(2) on the applicable Relevant Quarter Date, Preem shall pay the Designated Excess Cashflow into an account held by the Issuer with the Facility Agent or an Affiliate of the Facility Agent (the ''Interest Reserve Account'') and the Designated Excess Cashflow shall be held in that account at all times prior to its application in accordance with this paragraph; and
(3) Preem shall procure that (i) all Designated Excess Cashflow which is paid into the Interest Reserve Account is applied by the Issuer for the purposes of servicing cash pay interest accrued and payable under the Notes and not for any other purpose (notwithstanding the foregoing, any Overfunding Amount which is held in the Interest Reserve Account shall be applied by the Issuer in accordance with the A&R Credit Facility) and (ii) prior to the Issuer withdrawing any amounts from the Interest Reserve Account, the Issuer confirms to the Facility Agent in writing that all such withdrawn amounts shall be immediately applied for the purposes permitted under this paragraph.
Certain Definitions
The following descriptions summarize key definitions that will be used when calculating ''Permitted Payments'' under the A&R Credit Facility:
''Excess Cashflow'' means:
(A) for any calculations made by reference to the financial year of Preem ending on December 31, 2015, Cashflow from Operating Activities (as defined below) for that financial year:
(1) less the aggregate amount of all capital expenditure spent by Preem in that financial year which is permitted to be incurred under the A&R Credit Facility agreement (as described in ''Certain General Covenants'' above);
141

(2) less any scheduled amortisations and mandatory and voluntary prepayments made in respect of the term loans under the A&R Credit Facility; and
(3) less the aggregate amount of any dividends, distributions or payments made by Preem pursuant to paragraph (B) of the definition of ''Permitted Payments'' (the payment of which has been calculated by reference to the financial year ending December 31, 2015) and the amount of any Surplus Excess Cashflow which becomes Designated Excess Cashflow,
in each case, during that financial year; and
(B) for any Measurement Period (as defined below) ending on March 31 or September 30 commencing with the Measurement Period ending on March 31, 2017, Cashflow from Operating Activities (as defined below) for that Measurement Period:
(1) less an amount equal to the higher of (i) the Capex Threshold Amount for that Measurement Period and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Capital Expenditure spent by Preem in that Measurement Period which is permitted to be incurred under the A&R Credit Facility agreement (or such other amount as is otherwise agreed by the majority Lenders);
(2) less any scheduled amortisations and mandatory and voluntary prepayments made in respect of the term loans under the A&R Credit Facility; and
(3) less the aggregate amount of any dividends, distributions or payments made by Preem pursuant to paragraphs (B) or (C) of the definition of ''Permitted Payments'' and the amount of any Surplus Excess Cashflow which becomes Designated Excess Cashflow,
in each case, during that Measurement Period.
''Capex Threshold Amount'' means:
(A) subject to paragraph (B) below, in respect of each Measurement Period ending on a Quarter Date falling on March 31 and September 30 in each financial year following the financial year ending December 31,2015, an amount equal to 75 per cent of the amount of Maintenance Capital Expenditure budgeted to be incurred by the Preem group during that Measurement Period, as such amounts are amended from time to time with the consent of the facility agent (acting on the instructions of the majority Lenders);
(B) not more than once during the life of the A&R Credit Facility, Preem may elect that Maintenance Capital Expenditure in an amount not exceeding SEK50,000,000 (the ''Re-Allocated Capex'') which is budgeted to be spent in one Measurement Period (the ''Decrease Measurement Period'') is allocated to either the Measurement Period falling immediately prior to or immediately after that Decrease Measurement Period (such Measurement Period being the ''Increase Measurement Period''). If Preem makes such an election then:
(1) the Capex Threshold Amount in respect of the Decrease Measurement Period shall be decreased by an amount equal to the amount of the Re-Allocated Capex; and
(2) the Capex Threshold Amount in respect of the Increase Measurement Period shall be increased by an amount equal to the amount of the Re-Allocated Capex.
''Cashflow from Operating Activities'' means in respect of any period, cash flows of the Group from operating activities for that period calculated in accordance with International Accounting Standard 7 (''IAS 7'') (Statement of Cash Flows), provided that such provision is at all times interpreted and applied in accordance with Schedule 15 (Calculation of Cashflow From Operating Activities) and clause 23.2(E) (Form of financial statements) of the A&R Credit Facility.
''Maintenance Capital Expenditure'' means the capital expenditure made by the Preem group (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the capital expenditure made by the Preem group in respect of turnarounds) which is necessary to ensure the existing volumes, quality and profitability of the Preem group's output are maintained in line with current levels.
''Measurement Period'' means each period of 12 months ending on a Quarter Date.
142

''Minimum Liquidity'' means at any time, the aggregate amount of consolidated cash and cash equivalents and the amount available to Preem for drawing under the revolving facilities that are subject to borrowing base limits in aggregate at that time, being the available and undrawn amounts of the revolving facilities that are subject to borrowing base limits that could be utilized without breaching any borrowing limitations or any other term of the A&R Credit Facility agreement.
''Quarter Date'' means, as appropriate, March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31.
Borrowing Base
There are two revolving loan and letter of credit facilities in the A&R Credit Facility that are subject to borrowing base limits. The first borrowing base limit is based on the value of the inventory of Preem. The second borrowing base limit is based on the value of trade receivables of Preem.
The principal amount of the first borrowing base facility is limited to the lower of (1) $1,542,000,000 and (2) an amount equal to the aggregate of:
(A) 50% of the fair market value of goods in transit outside of Sweden, being oil that is being shipped to Preem and (1) in respect of which a transit documentary letter of credit has been issued, (2) in respect of which insurance is in place and (3) in respect of any long distance transit, security interests over the relevant bills of lading have been granted to the Credit Facility Security Agent;
(B) 85% of the fair market value of inventory in refineries, being crude oil and refined oil and/or other petroleum products which are owned by Preem from time to time and which are stored at a specified port (or in a vessels anchored at a specified port for the purpose of off loading goods that will constitute eligible long distance imported goods in transit (as described in the A&R Credit Facility)) and in respect of which security interests have been granted in favour of the Credit Facility Security Agent;
(C) 85% of the fair market value of goods in transit within Sweden, being crude oil and refined oil and/or other petroleum products which are owned by Preem and which are subject to security interests in favour of the Credit Facility Security Agent;
(D) 75% of the fair market value of non-invoiced trade receivables, being outstanding receivables in respect of goods and services supplied by Preem in the ordinary course of its business which have not been invoiced but (1) would, upon being invoiced, be trade receivables eligible for the purposes of the second borrowing base facility limit, (2) in respect of which security interests have been granted in favour of the Credit Facility Security Agent, (3) are owed by customers in Sweden or in a jurisdiction in respect of which a legal opinion has been delivered to the facility agent confirming that receivables owed by a customer in that jurisdiction are subject to valid security interests and (4) are to be invoiced within 36 days from the date on which the receivable arises; and
(E) 85% of the fair market value of all crude oil and oil and/or other petroleum products which are owned by Preem from time to time and which are located in terminals located in Sweden and which are subject to security interests in favour of the Credit Facility Security Agent.
The principal amount of the second borrowing base facility is limited to the lower of (1) $1,542,000,000 and (2) an amount equal to 95% of the aggregate book value of outstanding receivables in respect of goods and services supplied by Preem in the ordinary course of its business which have been invoiced (denominated in euro, dollars and Swedish Kronor) subject to certain conditions as set out in the A&R Credit Facility.
Requirement to Prepay A&R Credit Facility
In addition to mandatory prepayment upon a change of control, sale of assets, receipt of insurance proceeds or illegality, which are typical provisions in an agreement of this nature, subject to maintaining Minimum Liquidity of $200 million (after making the payment) and for so long as amounts remain outstanding under the term loan facility, Preem must prepay the
143

remaining portion of the term loan under the A&R Credit Facility with an agreed percentage of its excess cash dependent on the amount of previous mandatory prepayments and the amount then outstanding under the term loan facility. Preem is also required to prepay credits under the A&R Credit Facility, in order to remedy any breach of certain borrowing base limitations.
Events of Default
The A&R Credit Facility contains various standard events of default (subject to customary materiality thresholds and in certain cases, remedy periods), including, without limitation, for non-payment, for any breach of the financial or other covenants, misrepresentation, nationalization, material litigation, cross default to other indebtedness and any amendments to the Notes such that they would fail to comply with certain agreed parameters.
Security
The A&R Credit Facility will be secured by the existing security package of the 2011 Credit Facility, including:
(i) a pledge granted by the Issuer in respect of the shares in Preem;
(ii) an English law pledge in respect of Preem's receivables arising from contracts governed by English law;
(iii) a pledge in respect of Preem's receivables arising from goods and services supplied by Preem in the ordinary course of its business;
(iv) a mortgage agreement pursuant to which Preem grants a business mortgage (Sw: foretagshypotek) over Preem's business, evidenced by first ranking mortgage certificates (Sw: foretagsinteckningar) in an amount of SEK 8,000,000,000;
(v) a mortgage agreement pursuant to which Preem grants a real estate mortgage (Sw: fastighetspant) over the real estate properties on which Preem's refinery premises in Gothenburg are located, evidenced by first ranking mortgage certificates (Sw: pantbrev) in the properties Goteborg Syrhala 2:1 and 2:2 in an aggregate amount of SEK 1,000,000,000;
(vi) a mortgage agreement pursuant to which Preem grants a real estate mortgage (Sw: fastighetspant) over the real estate properties on which Preem's refinery premises in Lysekil are located, evidenced by first ranking mortgage certificates (Sw: pantbrev) in the property Lysekil Sjobol 2:5 in an amount of SEK 3,000,000,000;
(vii) a pledge or assignment of Preem's insurance proceeds;
(viii) a pledge in respect of Preem's bills of lading; and
(ix) such other security in respect of the Preem group as agreed between Preem and the facility agent.
Intercreditor Agreement
In connection with the A&R Credit Facility and the issue of the Notes and to establish the relative rights of the Trustee, the Security Agent, the facility agent and the security agent under the A&R Credit Facility (the ''Credit Facility Security Agent'') and certain hedge counterparties that are expected to enter into, or have already entered into, hedging arrangements with Preem (the ''Hedge Counterparties''), an amendment and restatement of the Intercreditor Agreement will be effective on the Issue Date between, amongst others, the Issuer, Preem, the Credit Facility Security Agent, the Trustee, the Security Agent, the Lenders and the Hedge Counterparties.
The Intercreditor Agreement was originally entered into in connection with the transactions that established the 2011 Credit Facility and the 2017 Notes. It primarily regulates the rights between Preem, the Credit Facility Security Agent, the Lenders and the Hedge Counterparties, however certain limited provisions are also relevant to the Trustee and the Security Agent and, therefore, the holders of the Notes. Except as set out below, the amended and restated Intercreditor Agreement will not otherwise contain any additional obligations or restrictions on the Trustee or the Security Agent or on their rights with respect to the pledge over the shares in the Issuer.
144

Pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent will not be permitted to enforce the pledge over the shares in the Issuer unless (i) the Security Agent has delivered a notice to the Credit Facility Security Agent that an event of default has occurred and is continuing pursuant to the terms of the Indenture and that a Notes Standstill Period has commenced in respect of that event of default and (ii) a period (the ''Notes Standstill Period'') of not less than 30 days has elapsed from the date that notice was delivered.
The amended and restated Intercreditor Agreement further provides that the Credit Facility Security Agent is not permitted to enforce the pledge over the shares in Preem (the ''Preem Share Pledge'') unless (i) the Credit Facility Security Agent has delivered a notice to the Trustee and the Security Agent (with a copy to be provided to Preem) that an event of default has occurred and is continuing pursuant to the terms of the A&R Credit Facility and that a A&R Credit Facility Standstill Period has commenced in respect of that event of default, and (ii) a period (the ''A&R Credit Facility Standstill Period'') of not less than 30 days has elapsed from the date such notice was delivered.
Enforcement of the Preem Share Pledge will also be subject to certain other conditions, including that the consideration received by the Credit Facility Security Agent for the shares in Preem must be wholly in cash and either:
(i) in connection with such sale, the Credit Facility Security Agent has delivered to the Issuer and the Trustee a copy of an opinion from an independent, internationally recognized investment bank or a reputable international third party professional firm which is regularly engaged in providing opinions of this sort that the disposal price is fair from a financial point of view after taking into account all relevant circumstances; or
(ii) the sale is conducted via a public auction process where reasonable notice of the time and place of such auction has been published and where a reasonable level of information has been made available to potential bidders; or
(iii) the sale is conducted via a private auction process run by an independent, international investment bank using bidding procedures which are designed to facilitate a comprehensive and competitive sales process (provided that this shall not require the Credit Facility Security Agent to breach mandatory provisions of Swedish law) and where the Trustee or its nominee is provided reasonable access to information regarding the details and status from time to time of such process.
In connection with (i) above, the Credit Facility Security Agent shall seek the consent of the provider of the relevant opinion to making that opinion available to the Issuer on a reliance basis, but shall be under no obligation (a) to procure that such consent is obtained or reliance is provided; (b) to offer any compensation or incur any other obligation to secure such consent or (c) to approach multiple potential opinion-providers to enable an opinion to be provided which may be relied on by the Issuer.
The Credit Facility Security Agent is also required to acknowledge that it has received a copy of the undertaking to be provided by Moroncha Holdings on the Closing Date for the benefit of the Trustee and the holders of Notes, whereby Moroncha Holdings undertakes (with the following capitalized terms having the meanings given in ''Description of Notes'') that it will not, and that it will cause the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries not to, participate (directly or indirectly) in (x) a Substantial Disposition or (y) a direct or indirect transfer, issuance or other disposition by Moroncha Holdings of the Capital Stock of the Company resulting (in the case of this clause (y)) from an enforcement of the Share Pledge pursuant to which the Parent, the Issuer or any affiliate of the Parent or Issuer is a purchaser (directly or indirectly) unless, in either case described in (x) and (y) above, the terms of such Substantial Disposition provide for the repayment in full of the Notes, or the issuance of a notice of redemption for all of the Notes in accordance with the optional redemption provisions of the Indenture, and the payment of any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and Additional Amounts, if any, within two Business Days following the receipt of Net Available Cash from such Substantial Disposition and the cash required to fund such redemption is delivered to the Paying Agent within one Business Day after closing such Substantial Disposition. No amendment or waiver of the standstill provisions in the Intercreditor Agreement, or the provision in relation to the accession of a new Trustee or new Security Agent, may be made without the consent of the Trustee or the Security Agent (and the Facility Agent, senior lenders, Hedge Counterparties and Credit Facility Security Agent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided elsewhere herein, for any other amendment or waiver to the Intercreditor Agreement, the consent of the Trustee or the Security Agent, or the holders of the Notes, is not required.
145

DESCRIPTION OF NOTES
Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) (the ''Issuer'') will issue Notes comprising 570 million aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated 11.750%/13.250% Senior Secured PIK Toggle Notes due 2021 (the ''Euro Notes'') and SEK 500 million aggregate principal amount of Swedish Krona denominated 12.250%/13.750% Senior Secured PIK Toggle Notes due 2021 (the ''Krona Notes'' and, together with the Euro Notes, the ''Notes'').
The Notes will be issued under an Indenture among the Issuer, the Parent, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as trustee for the Notes (the ''Trustee''), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as paying agent for the Euro Notes and the Krona Notes (the ''Paying Agent''), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as security agent (the ''Security Agent'' and, together with the Paying Agent, the ''Agents'') and the other parties thereto, to be dated the Issue Date (as supplemented and amended from time to time, the ''Indenture''). The Indenture will not be qualified under or be subject to and will not incorporate (by reference or otherwise) any of the provisions of the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
This description of notes is intended to be a useful overview of the material provisions of the Indenture and the Notes. This description of notes also refers to the Share Pledge (as defined below) and, in some instances, to the Intercreditor Agreement. Since this description of notes is only a summary, you should refer to the Indenture, the Notes, the Share Pledge and the Intercreditor Agreement for a complete description of the obligations of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as defined herein) and your rights.
As of the Issue Date, each of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will be a Restricted Subsidiary. However, the Issuer will be able to designate current or future Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries under certain conditions.
The section entitled ''--Certain Definitions'' includes the definitions of the capitalized terms used in this description of notes. References to the ''Issuer'' in this description of notes mean only Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ), and not its Subsidiaries. References to the ''Company'' in this description of notes mean only Preem AB (publ), and not its Subsidiaries.
Holding Company Structure
The Issuer is a holding company for its Subsidiaries, with no material operations of its own and only limited assets. Accordingly, the Issuer is dependent upon the receipt of funds from its Subsidiaries (whether in the form of dividends, advances or payments on account of intercompany obligations) to service its debt obligations. See ''Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and to Our Structure--The Issuer is a holding company with no revenue generating operations of its own. The Issuer depends on the ability of its subsidiaries, including Preem, to distribute cash to it, and any inability of any of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it will negatively affect the Issuer's ability to meet its debt service and other obligations.''
Claims of creditors of the Issuer's Subsidiaries holding debt and guarantees issued by such Subsidiaries, including the lenders under the A&R Credit Facility, secured creditors, trade creditors and claims of preferred stockholders (if any) of such Subsidiaries generally will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of such Subsidiaries over the claims of the Issuer's creditors, including the holders of the Notes. The Notes, therefore, will be structurally subordinated to creditors (including trade creditors) and preferred stockholders, if any, of the Company and all of the Issuer's other direct and indirect Subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2015, on a pro forma basis for the consummation of the Transactions, the Issuer would have had Indebtedness consisting of the A&R Credit Facility and the Notes of approximately USD 833 million equivalent and had an additional USD 1,216 million equivalent available for revolving borrowings under the A&R Credit Facility. Although the Indenture limits the incurrence of Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, such limitation is subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions. See ''Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and Our Capital Structure--Our substantial indebtedness may make it difficult for us to service our debt, including the Notes, and to operate our business'' and ''Risk Factors--The Issuer and its subsidiaries, including Preem, may be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described above.'' Moreover, the Indenture will not impose any limitation on the incurrence by Restricted
146

Subsidiaries of liabilities that are not considered Indebtedness under the Indenture. See ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness.''
The Notes
General
The Notes:
 will be general senior secured obligations of the Issuer;
 will mature on May 15, 2021 at their principal amount;
 will be issued in two tranches, comprising the Euro Notes and the Krona Notes, but otherwise having the same terms and treated as one class for all purposes under the Indenture (except as specifically set forth herein);
 will be issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Euro Notes, and in minimum denominations of SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of SEK 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Krona Notes; provided that PIK Notes (as defined below) may be issued in minimum denominations of 1 or SEK 1, as the case may be; provided, further, that Notes may only be transferred in minimum amounts of 100,000 and SEK 1,000,000 as the case may be;
 will have the benefit of security in the form of a first priority pledge by Moroncha Holdings Co. Limited (the ''Parent''), as pledgor, of the shares of the Issuer (the ''Share Pledge'');
 will rank senior in right of payment to all Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer;
 will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities (including trade payables), Disqualified Stock, if any, and preferred stock, if any, of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, including all existing and future Indebtedness of the Issuer's Subsidiaries; and
 are being listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for trading on the Euro MTF Market.
Additional Notes
Other than the Notes on the Issue Date and the PIK Notes issued from time to time in payment of accrued interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes, the Issuer shall not issue any additional Notes under the Indenture.
Interest
General
''Interest Period'' means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on and including the day immediately preceding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first Interest Period will commence from the Issue Date and end on and include December 31, 2016.
If the due date for any payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day at the place in which such payment is due to be paid, the holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
The rights of holders of beneficial interests in the Notes to receive the payments of interest on the Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable.
Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.
Cash Interest and PIK Interest
Except as provided in the immediately succeeding sentence and the definition of ''Applicable Amount'', for any Interest Period, interest on the Notes shall be payable entirely in cash (''Cash
147

Interest''). For any Interest Period after the initial Interest Period (other than the final Interest Period ending at Stated Maturity), if the Applicable Amount (as defined below) as determined on the Determination Date (as defined below) for such Interest Period:
(i) is equal to or exceeds 75%, but is less than 100%, of the aggregate amount of Cash Interest that would otherwise be due on the relevant interest payment date, then the Issuer may, at its option, elect to pay interest at the PIK Rate (as defined below) on up to 25% of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding Notes or by issuing PIK Notes (as defined below) in a principal amount equal to such interest (the ''PIK Interest'');
(ii) is equal to or exceeds 50%, but is less than 75%, of the aggregate amount of Cash Interest that would otherwise be due on the relevant interest payment date, then the Issuer may, at its option, elect to pay interest at the PIK Rate on up to 50% of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes as PIK Interest;
(iii) is equal to or exceeds 25%, but is less than 50%, of the aggregate amount of Cash Interest that would otherwise be due on the relevant interest payment date, then the Issuer may, at its option, elect to pay interest at the PIK Rate on up to 75% of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes as PIK Interest; or
(iv) is less than 25% of the aggregate amount of Cash Interest that would otherwise be due on the relevant interest payment date, then the Issuer may, at its option, elect to pay interest at the PIK Rate on up to 100% of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes as PIK Interest,
provided that, if the sum of (i) the average daily balance of cash and Cash Equivalents of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) the average amount of undrawn amounts available to any Restricted Subsidiaries and drawable for a permitted purpose under the A&R Credit Facility and any working capital facilities, together amounts to less than $100 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) (the ''Minimum Liquidity'') for the period starting on the 45th day preceding the relevant interest payment date and ending on the 15th day preceding such interest payment date, determined on a pro forma basis to give effect to the payment of any Cash Interest payable under the Notes on such interest payment date, then the Issuer may, at its option, elect to pay PIK Interest on the Notes in such amount so that the Minimum Liquidity would have been $100 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) over the same period and determined on the same basis. In such circumstances, the Issuer shall deliver an Officer's Certificate to the Trustee and the Paying Agent (upon which the Trustee and the Paying Agent may conclusively rely without independent verification) on or prior to the eighth Business Day preceding the relevant interest payment date, which Officer's Certificate shall set forth in reasonable detail the Issuer's determination of such pro forma calculation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the delivery of such Officer's Certificate to the Trustee shall not restrict the Issuer's ability to pay, at its option, a greater proportion of the interest on any Note with respect to such Interest Period as Cash Interest.
The insufficiency or lack of funds available to the Issuer to pay Cash Interest as required by the preceding paragraph shall not permit the Issuer to pay PIK Interest in respect of any Interest Period and the sole right of the Issuer to elect to pay PIK Interest shall be as (and to the extent) provided in the preceding paragraph.
As used herein:
(1) ''Applicable Amount'' shall be the amount equal to the sum (without duplication) of,
(i) the maximum amount of all dividends and other distributions and payments that, as of the applicable Determination Date, would be permitted to be paid to the Issuer for the purpose of paying Cash Interest by all Restricted Subsidiaries after giving effect to all corporate, shareholder or other comparable actions required in order to make such payment, requirements of applicable law and all restrictions on the ability to make such dividends or distributions that are otherwise permitted by the covenant described under ''--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries'' (including, without limitation, any restrictions and limitations in the A&R Credit Facility, other Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary in existence on the Issue
148

Date, provided the incurrence and terms of such Indebtedness do not violate the Indenture, or any agreement that amends, modifies, renews, increases, supplements, refunds, replaces or refinances such Indebtedness), net of all taxes or other deductions attributable solely to such dividend or distribution, if any, and, in each case, without regard to whether the Issuer shall have any funds available to make any such dividends or distributions; and
(ii) all cash and Cash Equivalents on hand at the Issuer as of such Determination Date (other than any cash and Cash Equivalents on hand at the Issuer that has been distributed to the Issuer and the distribution of which is conditioned upon such cash and Cash Equivalents being utilized for a purpose which is not that of paying Cash Interest (including amounts permitted to be distributed to the Issuer solely for the purpose of paying taxes attributable to the Issuer's consolidated Subsidiaries) as the result of restrictions on the ability to make such dividends or distributions provided such restrictions are otherwise permitted by the covenant described under ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries'' (including, without limitation, any restrictions and limitations in the A&R Credit Facility, other Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiaries in existence on the Issue Date, provided the Incurrence and terms of such Indebtedness do not violate the Indenture, or any agreement that amends, modifies, renews, increases, supplements, refunds, replaces or refinances such Indebtedness); provided that there shall be excluded from this clause (ii) any cash and Cash Equivalents on hand to be used for payment of Cash Interest on the interest payment date next succeeding such Determination Date.
For the avoidance of doubt, calculation of the Applicable Amount shall not be a duty of the Trustee or the Paying Agent. If interest on the Notes with respect to an Interest Period will not be paid entirely as Cash Interest, the Applicable Amount shall be calculated by the Issuer and shall be set forth in an Officer's Certificate delivered to the Trustee (copied to the Paying Agent) five Business Days prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period in which it is to be applied, which Officer's Certificate shall set forth in reasonable detail the Issuer's determination of each component of this definition and in the case of clause (i) identifying in reasonable detail the applicable restriction(s) and the maximum amount of funds that may be paid after giving effect to such restriction. The Trustee and the Paying Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely upon such Officer's Certificate without independent verification. To the extent the Issuer is required pursuant to the third preceding paragraph and the definition of Applicable Amount to pay Cash Interest for all or any portion of the interest due on any interest payment date, the Issuer shall and shall cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to take all such shareholder, corporate and other actions necessary or appropriate to permit the making of any such dividends or distribution; and
(2) ''Determination Date'' shall mean, with respect to each Interest Period, the 15th calendar day immediately prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
In the event that the Issuer shall be entitled to pay PIK Interest for any Interest Period, then the Issuer shall deliver a notice to the Trustee (copied to the Paying Agent) following the Determination Date but not less than five Business Days prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, which notice shall state the total amount of interest to be paid on such interest payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid as PIK Interest. The Issuer shall cause such notice to be delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for communication to direct participants in any Global Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the delivery of such notice to the Trustee shall not restrict the Issuer's ability to pay, at its option, a greater portion of the interest on the Notes with respect to such Interest Period as Cash Interest.
Interest for the first Interest Period commencing on the Issue Date and for the final Interest Period ending at Stated Maturity shall be payable entirely in Cash Interest.
149

If the Issuer pays a portion of the interest on the Notes as Cash Interest and as PIK Interest, such Cash Interest and PIK Interest shall be paid to holders of such Notes pro rata in accordance with their interests.
The ability of the Company and its Subsidiaries to make dividends or distributions to the Issuer pursuant the debt instruments that the Company and its Subsidiaries have outstanding is limited. See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements'' and ''Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes and our Capital Structure--The Issuer is a holding company with no revenue generating operations of its own. The Issuer depends on the ability of its subsidiaries, including Preem, to distribute cash to it, and any inability of any of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it will negatively affect the Issuer's ability to meet its debt service and other obligations.''
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the payment of accrued interest in connection with any redemption or repurchase of the Notes as described under ''--Optional Redemption,'' ''--Redemption for Taxation Reasons,'' ''--Change of Control'' or ''--Certain Covenants-- Limitations on Disposition of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' shall be made solely in cash.
Interest on the Notes
Interest on the Euro Notes will accrue at the rate of 11.750% per annum with respect to Cash Interest and 13.250% per annum with respect to any PIK Interest (the ''Euro PIK Rate''). Interest on the Krona Notes will accrue at the rate of 12.250% per annum with respect to Cash Interest and 13.750% per annum with respect to any PIK Interest (the ''Krona PIK Rate''). Interest on each series of Notes:
 will accrue from the Issue Date or the most recent interest payment date (each a ''date of accrual'');
 will be payable semi-annually in arrears on July 1 and January 1, commencing on January 1, 2017 (each an ''interest payment date''); and
 will be payable to the holders of record on the June 15 and December 15 immediately preceding the related interest payment dates.
Form of Notes
The Notes will be represented initially by global notes in registered form. Notes initially offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act will be represented by one or more global notes (each, a ''Rule 144A Global Note'') and Notes initially offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act will be represented by one or more global notes (each, a ''Regulation S Global Note''). The combined principal amounts of the Rule 144A Global Note(s) representing the Euro Notes and the Regulation S Global Note(s) representing the Euro Notes will at all times equal the outstanding principal amount of the Euro Notes represented thereby. The combined principal amounts of the Rule 144A Global Note(s) representing Krona Notes and the Regulation S Global Note(s) representing Krona Notes will at all times equal the outstanding principal amount of the Krona Notes represented thereby. The Regulation S Global Notes and the Rule 144A Global Notes shall herein be referred to collectively as the ''Global Notes.''
The Global Notes will be deposited with the relevant clearing agency or a nominee or Common Depositary thereof. Interests in the Global Notes will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained in book-entry form by the relevant clearing agency.
Holders of Book-Entry Interests will be entitled to receive Definitive Notes, as described in more detail in ''Book-Entry, Settlement and Clearance,'' in exchange for their holdings of Book-Entry Interests only in the limited circumstances set forth in ''Book-Entry, Settlement and Clearance.'' If Definitive Notes are issued, they will be issued only in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Euro Notes and in minimum denominations of SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of SEK 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Krona Notes, except that PIK Notes issued in the form of Definitive Notes issued from time to time in payment of accrued interest or Additional Amounts may be issued in minimum denominations of 1 or SEK 1, as the case may be. Title to Definitive Notes will pass upon registration of transfer in
150

accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. In no event will Definitive Notes in bearer form be issued.
Payments on the Notes
Principal, premium, if any, Cash Interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on Notes held in global form will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents, provided that all such payments with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or a nominee thereof, will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the holder of the Notes.
Principal, premium, if any, Cash Interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on any certificated securities that do not include the global note legend set forth in the Indenture (''Definitive Notes'') will be payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents maintained for such purposes. Interest, if payable in the form of PIK Notes, on any Definitive Notes will be payable by the Issuer delivering to the Trustee and the Paying Agent such PIK Notes in the relevant amount as Definitive Notes and an order to authenticate such PIK Notes. See ''--Paying Agent and Registrar.''
In addition, Cash Interest on the Definitive Notes may be paid by check mailed to the person entitled thereto, as shown on the register for the Definitive Notes (provided that in the case of payment of principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, in excess of 100,000, in the case of Euro Notes or SEK 1,000,000, in case of the Krona Notes, to any payee or group of related payees, such payment will be made, at the option of the holder of the Notes, by wire transfer of same day funds to the Paying Agent, who in turn will wire such funds to such holder of the Notes; provided that the Paying Agent has received written wire transfer instructions at least 15 days prior to the date of any such payment). See ''--Paying Agent and Registrar.'' Payment of principal on the Definitive Notes will be made against surrender of the Notes at the office of the Paying Agent.
PIK Interest on the Notes will be payable (x) with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by a nominee of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, on the relevant record date, by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding Global Note by an amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable Interest Period (rounded up to the nearest euro or krona, as the case may be) (a ''PIK Payment'') and (y) with respect to Notes represented by Definitive Notes, by issuing additional Notes issued under the Indenture having the same terms and conditions as the originally issued Notes (''PIK Notes'') in certificated form in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable period (rounded up to the nearest whole euro or krona, as the case may be), and the Trustee or its authenticating agent will, at the request of the Issuer, authenticate and deliver such PIK Notes in certificated form for original issuance to the holders on the relevant record date, as shown by the records of the register of holders. Following an increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Global Notes as a result of a PIK Payment, the Global Notes will bear interest on such increased principal amount from and after the date of such PIK Payment. Any PIK Notes issued in certificated form will be dated as of the applicable interest payment date and will bear interest from and after such date. All PIK Notes issued will mature on the Stated Maturity of the Notes and will be governed by, and subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of, the Indenture and shall have the same rights and benefits as the Notes issued on the Issue Date. Any certificated PIK Notes will be issued with the description ''PIK'' on the face of such PIK Note. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this description of notes, references to the ''Notes'' include the Notes and any PIK Notes that are actually issued.
Paying Agent and Registrar
The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents for the Notes in the City of London (the ''Paying Agent''). The Issuer will also undertake, to the extent possible, to use reasonable efforts to maintain a paying agent in a member state of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income (the ''Taxation on Savings Income Directive''). The initial Paying Agent will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
151

The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ''Registrar'') and one or more transfer agents. The initial Registrar for the Notes will be Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. The initial transfer agent for the Notes will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. The Registrar and the transfer agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Global Notes and Definitive Notes outstanding from time to time, if any, and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of Definitive Notes on behalf of the Issuer.
The Issuer may change any Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent for the Notes without prior notice to the holders of the Notes. The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar in respect of the Notes. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Transfer and Exchange
A holder of Notes may transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar and the Trustee for the Notes may require a holder of a Note, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, and the Issuer may require such holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer is not required to transfer or exchange any Note selected for redemption. Also, the Issuer is not required to transfer or exchange any Note for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed. The registered holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or other similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith.
The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under the Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any note other than to require delivery of such certificate and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, the Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.
The Notes in global form may be transferred only to a successor of the Common Depositary.
In case of a partial transfer of a Definitive Note, a holder will receive new Notes through the relevant transfer agent.
Book-Entry Interests will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer and certification requirements, as described under ''Notice to Investors.''
All transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear and/or Clearstream will be effected by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, and their respective participants. See ''Book-Entry, Settlement and Clearance.''
Subject to certain restrictions on transfer and certification requirements, as described under ''Notice to Investors,'' a Book-Entry Interest in a Rule 144A Global Note may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Book-Entry Interest in a Regulation S Global Note, and vice versa, by means of an instruction originated through Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable. Any Book-Entry Interest that is so transferred will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the first-mentioned Global Note and become a Book-Entry Interest in the other Global Note and will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in such other Global Note for as long as it remains such a Book-Entry Interest. In connection with such transfer, appropriate adjustments will be made to reflect a decrease in the principal amount of the first-mentioned Global Note and a corresponding increase in the principal amount of the other Global Note, as applicable.
152

Subject to the restrictions on transfer described under ''Notice to Investors,'' Notes issued as Definitive Notes may be transferred, in whole or in part, in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Euro Notes and in minimum denominations of SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of SEK 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Krona Notes, to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of Definitive Notes. PIK Notes in the form of Definitive Notes issued from time to time in payment of accrued interest or Additional Amounts may be issued in minimum denominations of 1 or SEK 1 as the case may be. In connection with any such transfer, the Indenture requires the transferor to, among other things, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, furnish information regarding the account of the transferee at Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, furnish certain certificates and pay any taxes, duties and governmental charges in connection with such transfer.
For the purposes of the International Central Securities Depositories, the denomination of the Notes should be considered as 1 or SEK 1, as the case may be, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream are not required to monitor or enforce the minimum denomination or trade amount of 100,000 or SEK 1,000,000 as the case may be.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer is not required to register the transfer of any Definitive Note:
(1) that has been selected for redemption (except, in the case of Definitive Notes to be redeemed in part, the portion thereof not to be redeemed);
(2) for a period of 15 calendar days prior to any date fixed for the redemption of the Notes;
(3) for a period of 15 calendar days immediately prior to the date fixed for selection of Notes to be redeemed in part;
(4) for a payment period of 15 calendar days prior to the record date with respect to any interest payment date; or
(5) that the registered holder of Notes has tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer, an Asset Disposition Offer or an offer to purchase pursuant to the provisions set forth in ''Certain Covenants--Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock.''
Security
Under the Share Pledge, the Parent will pledge all of the shares of the Issuer, its direct Subsidiary, together with all future shares of the Issuer that may be issued from time to time and all rights and all property which derive from the pledged shares, to secure the payment and performance when due of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Indenture. The Share Pledge will be entered into between the Parent and the Security Agent and all share certificates representing the shares of the Issuer shall be held by the Security Agent or by a custodian on behalf of the Security Agent. The Indenture will provide that, subject to the terms of the Indenture, the Share Pledge and the Intercreditor Agreement, the obligations under the Notes and the Indenture will be secured by a first priority interest in the Collateral until all obligations under the Notes and the Indenture have been discharged. See ''Risk Factors--Risks related to the Notes and our Capital Structure--Your ability to benefit from the Share Pledge of the Issuer may be limited due to security interests granted to lenders under the Credit Facilities and the principles regarding enforcement of collateral pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement.''
The Share Pledge will be governed by Swedish law. The Indenture will provide that the Share Pledge may only be enforced upon an acceleration of the amounts due under the Notes following an Event of Default. The Security Agent will enter into the Share Pledge in its own name on its own behalf and as a representative for, and for the benefit of, the Trustee and the holders of the Notes. The holders of the Notes may not, individually or collectively, take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Share Pledge but may only act through the Trustee.
The Share Pledge will provide that following an Event of Default, and if the Trustee is directed by the holders of 25% of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes to so instruct the Security Agent, (i) the Security Agent shall enforce its rights under the Share Pledge and effect a sale of the Collateral and (ii) the Trustee shall (subject to being indemnified and/or secured (including by way of prefunding) to its satisfaction, and after application of its prior lien for its fees and expenses as
153

authorized by the Indenture), upon such sale or disposition, cause the proceeds of such sale to be distributed to the holders of the Notes upon or immediately following the closing of such sale and any surplus shall without delay be paid to the Parent.
The Indenture and the Share Pledge will provide that the Parent shall, at its sole expense, promptly do all acts which may be necessary to ensure or confirm that the Security Agent holds, for the benefit of the holders of the Notes and the Trustee, duly created, enforceable and perfected first-priority Liens and security interests, as applicable, over the Collateral (subject to Permitted Collateral Liens). As necessary, or upon the request of the Security Agent, the Parent shall, at its sole expense, execute, acknowledge and deliver such documents and instruments and promptly take such other actions that may be necessary to assure, perfect, transfer and confirm the property and rights conveyed by the Share Pledge as soon as possible but, in any case, within 15 Business Days of the Issue Date.
The Share Pledge will also contain customary representations and warranties in favor of the Security Agent, the Trustee, and each holder of Notes, and also contain certain restrictions on the Parent's ability to deal with the Collateral and on its rights relating to the Collateral, including, but not limited to, restrictions on transfers, the exercise of voting rights, disposals or otherwise dealing with the Collateral. The Share Pledge also provides for indemnities in favor of the Security Agent.
Release
The Share Pledge will be released upon the expiration of the Security Period (as defined therein to mean the date when the Security Agent determines that all ''Secured Obligations'' under the Share Pledge have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid and discharged in full), which could be upon an enforcement sale or otherwise upon payment in full of the principal of, accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, on the Notes, upon the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture or upon the defeasance of the Notes as provided in ''--Defeasance'' in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Indenture.
To the extent applicable, the Issuer will be required as a condition to the releases of Collateral in certain circumstances to furnish to the Trustee, prior to any proposed release of Collateral, an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel confirming and opining, as the case may be, that such release complies with the Indenture and the Share Pledge. Upon compliance by the Issuer with the conditions precedent set forth above, and upon delivery by the Issuer to the Trustee of an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such conditions precedent have been complied with, the Trustee or the Security Agent shall promptly cause to be released and reconveyed the released Collateral. The Trustee will accept and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such Officer's Certificate and Opinion of Counsel without independent investigation as sufficient evidence of the existence and satisfaction of the conditions precedent as described above, in which event it will be conclusive and binding on the holders.
Intercreditor Agreement
On the Issue Date, the Trustee and the Security Agent shall enter into an amendment and restatement of the existing Intercreditor Agreement with, among others, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as facility agent and security agent under the A&R Credit Facility (the ''A&R Credit Facility Security Agent''). Pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent will not be permitted to enforce the pledge over the shares in the Issuer unless (i) the Trustee has delivered a notice to the A&R Credit Facility Security Agent that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing pursuant to the terms of the Indenture and (ii) a period of not less than 30 days has elapsed from the date that notice was delivered. See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--Intercreditor Agreement.'' The Intercreditor Agreement also provides that the Issuer may not amend, waive or agree to a change in the terms of liabilities owed to the Issuer (or an affiliate of the Issuer that accedes to the A&R Credit Facility) or of the Notes unless, prior to the final discharge date under the A&R Credit Facility, all of the Lenders have consented thereto, or the amendment, waiver or change is of a minor and administrative nature and is not prejudicial to the Senior Creditors (as defined in the A&R Credit Facility). See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--Intercreditor Agreement.''
154

Optional Redemption
Except as described herein or under ''--Redemption for Taxation Reasons,'' none of the series of Notes are redeemable until May 15, 2019.
At any time prior to May 15, 2019, upon not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, the Issuer may at its option redeem all or part of any series of Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus the Applicable Premium and accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the redemption date (subject to the right of holders of such series of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).
On and after May 15, 2019, the Issuer may redeem all or a part of any series of Notes upon not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice, which notice will be delivered pursuant to the notice provisions of the Indenture, at the following redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) (each, a ''Special Redemption Price'') plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, thereon, to the applicable redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest and Additional Amounts, if any, due on the relevant interest payment date), if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on May 15 of the year indicated below:

Year
2019 ................................................................................ 2020 and thereafter ......................................................

Euro Notes Krona Notes

105.875% 106.125%

100%

100%

At any time prior to May 15, 2019, the Issuer may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 35% of the original principal amount of any series of Notes with the Net Cash Proceeds of one or more Equity Offerings at a redemption price of 111.750% of the principal amount of the Euro Notes, in case of the Euro Notes, or at a redemption price of 112.250% of the principal amount of the Krona Notes, in case of the Krona Notes, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest and Additional Amounts, if any, due on the relevant interest payment date); provided that:

(1) at least 65% of the original principal amount of such series of Notes remains outstanding after each such redemption; and

(2) the redemption occurs within 90 days after the closing of such Equity Offering.

General
Any redemption and notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent (including, in the case of a redemption related to an Equity Offering, the consummation of such Equity Offering).
If the optional redemption date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, the accrued and unpaid interest will be paid to the Person in whose name such Note is registered at the close of business on such record date, and no additional interest will be payable to holders whose Notes will be subject to redemption by the Issuer.
In the case of any partial redemption, the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, will select the Notes for redemption in compliance with the requirements of the principal securities exchange, if any, on which such Notes are listed, as certified to the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, by the Issuer, and in compliance with the requirements of Euroclear or Clearstream, or if such Notes are not so listed or such exchange prescribes no method of selection and such Notes are not held through Euroclear or Clearstream or Euroclear or Clearstream prescribe no method of selection, then based on a method that most nearly approximates a pro rata selection or by lot, although no Note of 100,000 in original principal amount or less, in the case of Euro Notes or SEK 1,000,000 in original principal amount or less, in case of Krona Notes, will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption relating to such Note will state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. Neither the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Registrar shall be liable for any selection made under this paragraph.

155

If the Issuer effects an optional redemption of a series of the Notes, it will, for so long as such Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of such optional redemption and confirm the aggregate principal amount of such Notes that will remain outstanding immediately after such redemption.
Sinking Fund
The Issuer will not be required to make mandatory redemption payments or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Issuer, at its option, may redeem, in whole, but not in part, the Notes of a series at any time upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), at a redemption price equal to the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date fixed by the Issuer for redemption (a ''Tax Redemption Date'') and all Additional Amounts (see ''--Withholding Taxes''), if any, then due and which will become due on the Tax Redemption Date as a result of the redemption or otherwise, if the Issuer determines that, as a result of:
(i) any change in, or amendment to, the laws or treaties (or any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder) of the Kingdom of Sweden or any jurisdiction in which the Issuer or any Successor Company (each as defined in ''--Events of Default'') is organized or is otherwise resident for tax purposes or any political subdivision thereof or any authority having power to tax therein or any jurisdiction from or through which payment on the Notes is made (each a ''Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction'') affecting taxation, or
(ii) any change in any official position regarding the application, administration or interpretation of such laws, treaties, regulations or rulings (including a holding, judgment or order by a court of competent jurisdiction) (each of the foregoing (i) and (ii), a ''Change in Tax Law''),
the Issuer is, or on the next interest payment date would be, required to pay Additional Amounts on the Notes of such series, and the Issuer determines that such payment obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures (for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes pursuant to the foregoing provisions as a consequence of the Taxation on Savings Income Directive or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such directive). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to make such payment or withholding if a payment in respect of such Notes were then due. In the case of the Issuer, the Change in Tax Law must become effective on or after the Issue Date. In the case of any Successor Company, the Change in Tax Law must become effective after the date that such entity first becomes obligated to make payment on the Notes. Prior to the publication or, where relevant, mailing of any notice of redemption of the Notes pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and Opinion of Counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee to the effect that the circumstances referred to above exist. The Trustee shall accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent described above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the holders of such Notes.
Notice of such redemption will be delivered pursuant to the notice provisions of the Indenture.
Change of Control
If a Change of Control occurs, each holder of a Note will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (equal to 100,000 and any integral multiple of 1 in excess, in case of the Euro Notes and equal to SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of SEK 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Krona Notes) of such holder's Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the relevant interest payment date). No such purchase
156

in part shall reduce the outstanding principal amount at maturity of the Notes held by any holder to below 100,000 or SEK 1,000,000, as the case may be.
Within 30 days following any Change of Control, the Issuer will mail a notice (the ''Change of Control Offer'') to each holder of Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, delivered pursuant to the notice provisions of the Indenture, stating:
(1) that a Change of Control has occurred and that such holder has the right to require the Issuer to purchase all or part of such holder's Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the date of purchase (the ''Change of Control Payment'');
(2) the repurchase date (which shall be no earlier than 15 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed) (the ''Change of Control Payment Date'');
(3) the circumstances and relevant facts regarding such Change of Control; and
(4) the procedures determined by the Issuer, consistent with the Indenture, that a holder of Notes must follow in order to tender its Notes (or a portion thereof) for repayment.
On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful:
(1) repay all Notes or portions thereof (in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Euro Notes, and in minimum denominations of SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples of SEK 1 in excess thereof, in case of the Krona Notes) properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
(2) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions thereof so tendered; and
(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions thereof being repaid by the Issuer.
The Trustee will promptly adjust the relevant principal amount of any partially repaid Note to correspond to a principal amount equal to any unpaid portion. If the Change of Control Payment Date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to the Person who was the holder of the Note at the close of business on such record date, and no additional interest will be payable to holders who tender pursuant to the Change of Control Offer.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer.
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 13(e) and Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to this covenant, including any securities laws of the Kingdom of Sweden and Luxembourg and the requirements of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other securities exchange on which the Notes are listed. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached their obligations described in the Indenture by virtue thereof.
Upon the occurrence of specific kinds of change of control events, the Issuer will be required to offer to purchase all of the Notes. The Issuer's ability to repurchase Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The terms of the A&R Credit Facility will require the Company to prepay the A&R Credit Facility upon a Change of Control of the Issuer or the Company, and other Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries may contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the holders of their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes could cause a default under such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the holders upon a repurchase
157

may be limited by the then existing financial resources of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. The A&R Credit Facility restricts the amount of funds that can be paid to the Issuer by the Company and its Subsidiaries, which would limit the ability of the Issuer to purchase and pay for the Notes in a Change of Control Offer. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. See ''Risk Factors--The Issuer is a holding company with no revenue generating operations of its own. The Issuer depends on the ability of its subsidiaries, including Preem, to distribute cash to it, and any inability of any of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it will negatively affect the Issuer's ability to meet its debt service and other obligations,'' and ''Risk Factors--The Notes and the Credit Facilities contain a number of restrictive covenants, which may not allow the Issuer to repay or repurchase the Notes.''
Even if sufficient funds were otherwise available, the terms of other Indebtedness may prohibit the Issuer's prepayment of Notes prior to their scheduled maturity. Consequently, if the Issuer is not able to prepay Indebtedness containing such restrictions or obtain requisite consents, as described above, the Issuer will be unable to fulfill its repurchase obligations if holders of Notes exercise their repurchase rights following a Change of Control, thereby resulting in a default under the Indenture.
The Change of Control provisions described above may deter certain mergers, restructurings or similar events involving the Issuer by increasing the capital required to effectuate such transactions.
The definition of ''Change of Control'' includes a disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than a Permitted Holder. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ''substantially all,'' there is no precise, established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances, there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of ''all or substantially all'' of the property or assets of a Person. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control has occurred and whether a holder of Notes may require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as described above.
Segregated Account
Funding of the Segregated Account
The Issuer will maintain a segregated account for the purpose of making Cash Interest payments on the Notes. The segregated account will be funded on the Issue Date with the excess proceeds of the offering. In addition, the Indenture will provide that the Issuer will credit any cash that it owns or any cash that it receives, whether following a dividend payment or distribution received by Preem, the redemption by Preem of any Capital Stock of Preem held by the Issuer, the payment of principal or interest on any intercompany loans held by the Issuer or otherwise (other than cash received to pay administrative costs of the Issuer up to $500,000 per calendar year, or such greater amount as would be permitted under the A&R Credit Facility and any other applicable Credit Facility to be dividended, distributed or otherwise paid to the Issuer to allow it to pay administrative costs), to such segregated account up to the Required Balance; provided, that any cash received from the Company in accordance with the A&R Credit Facility and any other applicable Credit Facility for purposes of making principal payments, purchases or redemptions of the Notes may be applied for such purposes.
Amounts in the segregated account may only be in cash or invested in Cash Equivalents.
Segregated Account Disbursements
The Indenture will provide that funds credited to the segregated account shall only be disbursed to pay Cash Interest on the Notes. The Indenture will further provide that, other than to the extent required under the Indenture to make Cash Interest payments on the Notes, no cash credited to the segregated account will be disbursed from the segregated account for any other reason during the 3-year period following the Issue Date. After the 3-year period following the Issue Date, any cash credited to the segregated account may be disbursed for any reason not prohibited by the Indenture or the A&R Credit Facility.
158

There can be no assurance as to the amount of funds that Preem will be able to distribute, dividend or otherwise pay to the Issuer to be credited to the segregated account, if any, or the timing or availability thereof (which will be subject to satisfying a number of conditions pursuant to the A&R Credit Facility that is in place as of the Issue Date (or any amendment, restatement, modification, renewal, refunding agreement or replacement or refinancing agreement, provided that any such amendment, restatement, modification, renewal, refunding agreement or replacement or refinancing agreement may not be less favorable to the holders of the Notes with respect to the restrictions that apply to the Company's ability to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay cash to the Issuer), including a requirement that Preem has had more than $100 million of minimum liquidity in cash, cash equivalents and/or certain drawings available under the A&R Credit Facility for a certain period before and at the time funds are dividended, distributed or paid to the Issuer). See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--A&R Credit Facility-- Restrictions on Upstreaming of Cash.''
Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer
Each time the Available Excess Cash Flow with respect to any Excess Cash Flow Period (with the first Excess Cash Flow Period being the period from the Issue Date to the last day of the quarter ending March 31,2017) is equal to or greater than $50.0 million, the Issuer will be required to make a tender offer (a ''Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer'') to all holders of Notes to repurchase the maximum principal amount of Notes that may be purchased out of the Available Excess Cash Flow, at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the date of repurchase, in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. The Issuer will commence any such Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer no later than 75 days after the end of each applicable Excess Cash Flow Period by mailing the notice required pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, with a copy to the Trustee. Any Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer will be conditioned on the continued ability of Preem to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay the funds necessary for the Issuer to fund the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer to the Issuer in compliance with the terms contained in the A&R Credit Facility that is in place as of the Issue Date or as such facility may be amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced (provided that no such amendment, restatement, modification, renewal, refunding agreement or replacement or refinancing agreement may be less favorable to the holders of the Notes with respect to the restrictions that apply to the Company's ability to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay cash to the Issuer). Many of the conditions to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay the funds necessary for the Issuer to fund the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer to the Issuer will be outside of the Issuer's control, and there can be no assurance as to the amounts of the Available Excess Cash Flow, if any, or the timing or availability of such Available Excess Cash Flow (which includes a requirement for Preem to have had more than $175 million of minimum liquidity in cash, cash equivalents and/or certain drawings available under the A&R Credit Facility for a certain period before and at the time funds are dividended, distributed or otherwise paid to the Issuer). See ''Description of Other Financing Arrangements--A&R Credit Facility--Restrictions on Upstreaming of Cash.''
To the extent that the aggregate amount of Notes of all series so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to a Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer is less than the Available Excess Cash Flow, the Issuer may use any remaining Available Excess Cash Flow for any purpose not prohibited by the Indenture or the A&R Credit Facility. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes of all series so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn exceeds the amount of Available Excess Cash Flow, then the Trustee and a tender agent shall select the Notes to be purchased on a pro rata basis on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of tendered Notes. For the purposes of calculating the aggregate principal amount of any such Indebtedness not denominated in U.S. dollars, such Indebtedness shall be calculated by converting any such aggregate principal amounts into their Dollar Equivalent determined as of a date selected by the Issuer that is within the Excess Cash Flow Offer Period.
Any Available Excess Cash Flow payable in respect of the Notes pursuant to this covenant will be allocated among the Euro Notes and Krona Notes in proportion to the respective aggregate principal amounts of such Euro Notes and Krona Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn, based upon the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of such Euro Notes and Krona Notes determined as of a date selected by the Issuer that is within the Excess Cash Flow Offer Period.
159

The Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer will remain open for a period of not less than 10 Business Days following its commencement (the ''Excess Cash Flow Offer Period''). No later than five Business Days after the termination of the Excess Cash Flow Offer Period (the ''Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Purchase Date''), the Issuer will repurchase the principal amount of Notes required to be repurchased pursuant to this covenant (the ''Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer Amount'') or, if less than the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer Amount has been so validly tendered, all Notes validly tendered in response to the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer. If the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Purchase Date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, any accrued and unpaid interest will be paid to the holders of the Notes at the close of business on such record date, and no additional interest will be payable to holders who tender Notes pursuant to the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer.
On or before the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Purchase Date, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful, repurchase, on a pro rata basis to the extent necessary, the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer Amount of Notes validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer, or if less than the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer Amount has been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn, all Notes so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn. The Issuer will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that such Notes or portions thereof were repaid by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of this covenant. The Issuer will promptly (but in any case not later than five Business Days after the Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Purchase Date) deposit with the Paying Agent for payment to the tendering holders, an amount equal to the purchase price of the Notes validly tendered and not properly withdrawn by holders and accepted by the Issuer for repayment or repurchase, and the Trustee, upon delivery of an Officer's Certificate from the Issuer, will adjust the relevant principal amount of any Note to correspond to the principal amount that remains unpurchased.
Certain Covenants
The Indenture will contain certain covenants including, among others, the following:
Limitation on Indebtedness
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, Incur any Indebtedness; provided, however, that any Restricted Subsidiary may Incur Indebtedness if on the date thereof the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Issuer's most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such Indebtedness is to be Incurred is no greater than 2.25 to 1.00, and after giving effect to such Incurrence, no Default or Event of Default will have occurred and be continuing.
The first paragraph of this covenant will not prohibit the Incurrence of the following Indebtedness:
(1) Indebtedness and letters of credit under Credit Facilities Incurred by any Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that the aggregate principal amount outstanding at the time of Incurrence under all such Credit Facilities under this clause (1) (with letters of credit being deemed to have a principal amount equal to the maximum potential liability of the Restricted Subsidiaries thereunder) does not exceed the greater of (a) $2,000 million and (b) the Borrowing Base;
(2) Indebtedness of the Issuer owing to and held by any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity) or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to and held by the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity); provided, however, that (a) if the Issuer is the obligor on such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated to the prior payment in full in cash of all obligations with respect to the Notes and (b) (x) any subsequent issuance or transfer of Capital Stock or any other event that results in any such Indebtedness being beneficially held by a Person other than the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity) and (y) any sale or other transfer of any such Indebtedness to a Person other than the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity) shall be deemed, in each case, to constitute an Incurrence of such Indebtedness by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, that is not permitted pursuant to this clause (2);
160

(3) Indebtedness represented by (a) the Notes on the Issue Date and PIK Notes issued from time to time in payment of accrued interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes, (b) any Indebtedness (other than the Indebtedness described in clauses (1) or (2)) of any Restricted Subsidiaries outstanding on the Issue Date and (c) any Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in respect of any Indebtedness described in this clause (3) or clause (4) or Incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant;
(4) Indebtedness of any Person Incurred and outstanding on the date on which such Person was acquired by any Restricted Subsidiary or becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged, consolidated, amalgamated or otherwise combined with (including pursuant to any acquisition of assets and assumption of liabilities) any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness Incurred (a) to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by any Restricted Subsidiary or (b) otherwise in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition); provided, however, that at the time of the acquisition or other transaction pursuant to which such Indebtedness was deemed to be Incurred, such Restricted Subsidiary would have been able to Incur $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant, after giving effect to the Incurrence of such Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (4);
(5) Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary under Currency Agreements and Interest Rate Agreements, or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary under Oil Commodities Contracts; provided, however, that such Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements and Oil Commodities Contracts are entered into for bona fide hedging purposes and not for speculative purposes (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or senior management of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be);
(6) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary represented by Capitalized Lease Obligations, mortgage financings or purchase money obligations with respect to assets other than Capital Stock or other Investments, in each case Incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or cost of construction or improvements of property used in the business of such Restricted Subsidiary, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50.0 million at any time outstanding;
(7) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary Incurred in respect of workers' compensation claims and self-insurance obligations provided by a Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;
(8) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary Incurred in respect of performance, surety, appeal and similar bonds, bankers' acceptances, letters of credit or bills of exchange provided by a Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and that do not secure other Indebtedness;
(9) Indebtedness arising from agreements of a Restricted Subsidiary providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations, in each case, Incurred or assumed in connection with the disposition of any business, assets or Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, provided that the maximum aggregate liability in respect of all such Indebtedness shall at no time exceed the gross proceeds actually received by the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such disposition;
(10) Indebtedness Incurred by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiaries (i) arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument (except in the case of daylight overdrafts) drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business, provided, however, that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five Business Days of Incurrence and (ii) in respect of completion guarantees, advance payment, customs, VAT or other tax Guarantees or similar Guarantees issued in the ordinary course of business of such Person and not in connection with the borrowing of money;
161

(11) Indebtedness Incurred to finance Designated Capital Expenditures by any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount which, when taken together with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (11) and then outstanding, will not exceed $250.0 million at any time outstanding;
(12) the Guarantee by any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness of any other Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent that the Guaranteed Indebtedness was permitted to be Incurred by another provision of this covenant; provided that if the Indebtedness being Guaranteed is subordinated to the Notes, then the Guarantee must be subordinated to the same extent as the Indebtedness Guaranteed; provided further that the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is Guaranteed by any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (12) and then outstanding, will not exceed $30.0 million;
(13) Indebtedness by a Receivables Entity pursuant to a Qualified Receivables Transaction;
(14) Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness and Subordinated Equity Cure Loans; and
(15) Indebtedness Incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which, when taken together with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (15) and then outstanding, will not exceed $50.0 million at any time outstanding.
The Issuer and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries will not Incur any Indebtedness under the preceding paragraph if the proceeds thereof are used, directly or indirectly, to refinance any Subordinated Obligations unless such Indebtedness will be subordinated to the Notes to at least the same extent as such Subordinated Obligations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Issuer nor any Restricted Subsidiary will be permitted to Incur any Public Debt.
For purposes of determining compliance with, and the outstanding principal amount of any particular Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to and in compliance with, this covenant:
(1) in the event that Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in the second paragraph of this covenant, the Issuer, in its sole discretion, will designate such item of Indebtedness on the date of Incurrence, and may, from time to time, redesignate such item of Indebtedness, and only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one of such clauses, provided that all Indebtedness outstanding as of the Issue Date under the A&R Credit Facility shall be deemed to be Incurred under clause (1) of the second paragraph of this covenant, and all Indebtedness Incurred or deemed to be Incurred under clause (1) of the second paragraph of this covenant may not be reclassified; and
(2) if Indebtedness is issued at a price less than the principal amount thereof, the amount of such Indebtedness for purposes of the above limitations shall equal the amount of the liability as determined in accordance with IFRS; accrual of interest, accrual of dividends, the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness and the payment of dividends in the form of additional shares of Preferred Stock will not be deemed to be an Incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this covenant.
In addition, the Issuer will not permit any of its Unrestricted Subsidiaries, if any, to Incur any Indebtedness or issue any shares of Disqualified Stock, other than Non-Recourse Debt. If at any time an Unrestricted Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary shall be deemed to be Incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer as of such date (and, if such Indebtedness is not permitted to be Incurred as of such date under this ''--Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant, the Issuer shall be in Default of this covenant).
For purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated restriction on the Incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar Equivalent of the principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in another currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was Incurred, in the case of term Indebtedness, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit Indebtedness; provided that if such Indebtedness is Incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in another currency, and such refinancing
162

would cause the applicable U.S. dollar-dominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such U.S. dollardominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded, so long as the principal amount of such Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this covenant, the maximum amount of Indebtedness that the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary may Incur pursuant to this covenant shall not be deemed to be exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies. The principal amount of any Indebtedness Incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if Incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such Refinancing Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing.
Limitation on Restricted Payments
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, to:
(1) declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution (whether made in cash, securities or other property) on or in respect of its Capital Stock or the Capital Stock of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) or to the direct or indirect holders of the Issuer's or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries' Capital Stock in their capacity as holders, except (i) dividends or distributions payable in Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock) or in options, warrants or other rights to purchase such Capital Stock of the Issuer, provided that such dividends or distributions are not convertible into Indebtedness; and (ii) dividends or distributions payable to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer (and if such Restricted Subsidiary is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, to its other holders of common Capital Stock on a pro rata basis);
(2) purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value, including in connection with any merger or consolidation, any Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent held by Persons other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than in exchange for Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock));
(3) purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value, prior to scheduled maturity, scheduled repayment or scheduled sinking fund payment, any Subordinated Obligations (other than the purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition of (i) Subordinated Obligations not owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in each case purchased in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment, mandatory repurchase or final maturity, due within one year of the date of purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement or (ii) Subordinated Obligations owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary);
(4) make any payment on or with respect to Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness or Subordinated Equity Cure Loans; or
(5) make any Investment (other than a Permitted Investment) in any Person;
(any such dividend, distribution, payment, purchase, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, other acquisition, retirement, payment or Investment referred to in clauses (1) or (5) being herein referred to as a ''Restricted Payment'').
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may make Restricted Investments, other than any Investment in the Parent or any Affiliate of the Parent (other than the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), if at the time the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary makes such Restricted Investment:
(a) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or would result therefrom);
163

(b) the Company is able to incur an additional $1.00 of Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph under ''--Limitation on Indebtedness'' after giving effect to such Restricted Investment on a pro forma basis; and
(c) the aggregate amount of such Restricted Investment and all other Restricted Payments declared or made subsequent to the Issue Date (excluding Restricted Payments made pursuant to clauses (1), (2) and (5) of the next succeeding paragraph) would not exceed the sum of:
(i) 50% of Consolidated Net Income during the period (treated as one accounting period) from the beginning of the first fiscal quarter commencing after the Issue Date to the end of the most recent fiscal quarter ending prior to the date of such Restricted Investment as to which internal financial statements are available (or, in case such Consolidated Net Income is a deficit, minus 100% of such deficit);
(ii) 100% of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue or sale of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) or other capital contributions subsequent to the Issue Date (other than Net Cash Proceeds received from an issuance or sale of such Capital Stock to a Subsidiary of the Issuer or an employee stock ownership plan or similar trust to the extent such sale to an employee stock ownership plan or similar trust is financed by loans from or Guaranteed by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary unless such loans have been repaid with cash on or prior to the date of determination), excluding in any event Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue and sale of its Capital Stock or capital contributions to the extent applied to redeem Notes in compliance with the provisions set forth under the second paragraph of the caption ''--Optional Redemption'';
(iii) the amount by which Indebtedness of the Issuer (other than amounts under the Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness) is reduced on the Issuer's balance sheet upon the conversion or exchange (other than by a Subsidiary of the Issuer) subsequent to the Issue Date of any Indebtedness of the Issuer convertible or exchangeable for Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer (less the amount of any cash, or other property, distributed by the Company upon such conversion or exchange); and
(iv) the amount equal to the net reduction in Restricted Investments made by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in any Person resulting from:
(A) repurchases or redemptions of such Restricted Investments by such Person, proceeds realized upon the sale of such Restricted Investment to unaffiliated purchasers, repayments of loans or advances or other transfers of assets (including by way of dividend or distribution) by such Person to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, or
(B) the redesignation of Unrestricted Subsidiaries as Restricted Subsidiaries (valued in each case as provided in the definition of ''Investment'') not to exceed, in the case of any Unrestricted Subsidiary, the amount of Investments previously made by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Unrestricted Subsidiary,
which amount in each case under this clause (iv) was included in the calculation of the amount of Restricted Investments; provided, however, that no amount will be included under this clause (iv) to the extent it is already included in Consolidated Net Income.
So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result from), the provisions of the first paragraph of this covenant will not prohibit:
(1) any Restricted Payment made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, the substantially concurrent, but in no event later than 30 days, sale of, Capital Stock of the Issuer (other than Disqualified Stock and other than Capital Stock issued or sold to a Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or similar trust to the extent such sale to an employee stock ownership plan or similar trust is financed by loans from or Guaranteed by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary unless such loans have been repaid with cash on or prior to the date of determination), provided, however, that the Net Cash Proceeds from
164

such sale of any such Capital Stock will be excluded for purposes of clause (c)(ii) of the preceding paragraph;
(2) any purchase, repayment or redemption of Subordinated Obligations made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, the substantially concurrent, but in no event later than 30 days, sale or issuance of, Subordinated Obligations that, in each case, qualify as Refinancing Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred pursuant to clause (3) of the second paragraph of the ''--Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant;
(3) the purchase, redemption or other acquisition, cancellation or retirement for value of Capital Stock, or options, warrants, equity appreciation rights or other rights to purchase or acquire Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or any Parent held by any existing or former employees or management of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or their assigns, estates or heirs, in each case in connection with the repurchase provisions under employee stock option or stock purchase agreements or other agreements to compensate management employees; provided that such redemptions or repurchases pursuant to this clause will not exceed $3.0 million in the aggregate during any calendar year (with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to succeeding calendar years) and $6.0 million in the aggregate for all such redemptions and repurchases;
(4) repurchases of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock options if such Capital Stock represents a portion of the exercise price thereof or withholding taxes paid thereon; and
(5) payment of any Receivables Fees.
The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) shall be the fair market value on the date of such Restricted Payment of the asset(s) or securities proposed to be paid, transferred or issued by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to such Restricted Payment. The fair market value of any cash Restricted Payment shall be its face amount and any non-cash Restricted Payment shall be determined conclusively by the Board of Directors of the Issuer acting in good faith whose resolution with respect thereto shall be delivered to the Trustee. Not later than the date of making any Restricted Payment, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that such Restricted Payment is permitted and setting forth the basis upon which the calculations required by the covenant ''--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' were computed.
Limitation on Liens
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, Incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets (including Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer), whether owned on the Issue Date or thereafter acquired, securing any Indebtedness, unless contemporaneously therewith effective provision is made to secure the Indebtedness due hereunder, equally and ratably with (or prior to in the case of Liens with respect to Subordinated Obligations) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien for so long as such Indebtedness is so secured, other than:
(1) Permitted Liens, in the case of property or assets that do not constitute Collateral; and
(2) Permitted Collateral Liens, in the case of property or assets that do constitute Collateral.
The Parent will not, directly or indirectly, create, incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon the Collateral (other than Permitted Collateral Liens).
Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create or otherwise cause or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to:
(1) pay dividends or make any other distributions on its Capital Stock or pay any Indebtedness or other obligations owed to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(2) make any loans or advances to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; or
165

(3) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary.
The preceding provisions will not prohibit:
(a) any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to an agreement in effect at or entered into on the Issue Date (including, without limitation, the Indenture and the other Indebtedness disclosed in the Offering Memorandum under the heading ''Description of Other Indebtedness'');
(b) any encumbrance or restriction with respect to a Person pursuant to an agreement relating to any Indebtedness Incurred by a Person on or prior to the date on which such Person was acquired by any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness Incurred as consideration in, or to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate, the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was acquired by any Restricted Subsidiary or in contemplation thereof) and outstanding on such date;
(c) any encumbrance or restriction with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement effecting a refinancing of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to an agreement referred to in clause (a) or (b) of this paragraph or this clause (c) or contained in any amendment to an agreement referred to in clause (a) or (b) of this paragraph or this clause (c); provided, however, that the encumbrances and restrictions with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary contained in any such agreement or amendment are no more restrictive than those encumbrances and restrictions contained in such agreements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above;
(d) in the case of clause (3) above, any encumbrance or restriction:
(x) that restricts in a customary manner the subletting, assignment or transfer of any property or asset that is subject to a lease, license or similar contract, or the assignment or transfer of any such lease, license or other contract;
(y) contained in mortgages, pledges or other security agreements securing Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary to the extent such encumbrances or restrictions restrict the transfer of the property subject to such mortgages, pledges or other security agreements; provided that such mortgage, pledge or other security agreement is permitted under the Indenture; or
(z) pursuant to customary provisions restricting dispositions of real property interests set forth in any reciprocal easement agreements of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(e) purchase money obligations for property acquired in the ordinary course of business that impose restrictions of the nature described in clause (3) above, on the property so acquired;
(f) customary provisions restricting dividend or other distributions, or requiring a counterparty's consent or vote to make dividend or other distributions, in agreements on Joint Ventures entered into in connection with a Permitted Joint Venture Transaction;
(g) provisions agreed to in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction that, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, are necessary to effect a Qualified Receivables Transaction;
(h) any restriction with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary (or any of its property or assets) imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the direct or indirect sale or disposition of all or substantially all the Capital Stock or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the property or assets that are subject to such restriction) pending the closing of such sale or disposition; and
(i) any encumbrance or restriction arising or existing by reason of applicable law or any applicable rule, regulation or order.
166

Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any Asset Disposition unless:
(1) the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary receives consideration at the time of such Asset Disposition at least equal to the fair market value, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuer (including as to the value of all non-cash consideration), of the shares and assets subject to such Asset Disposition;
(2) at least 75% of the consideration thereof received by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents; and
(3) an amount equal to 100% of the Net Available Cash from such Asset Disposition is applied, at the election of the Issuer, by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be:
(A) first, to the extent the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, elects to prepay, repay or purchase Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Disqualified Stock, any Subordinated Obligation or any Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer) within 360 days from the later of the date of such Asset Disposition or the receipt of such Net Available Cash; provided, however, that, in connection with any prepayment, repayment or purchase of Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (A), the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary will retire such Indebtedness and will cause the related commitment (if any) to be permanently reduced in an amount equal to the principal amount so prepaid, repaid or purchased; and
(B) second, to the extent of the balance of such Net Available Cash after application in accordance with clause (A), to the extent the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary elects, (i) to invest in Additional Assets or (ii) to repay Indebtedness Incurred prior to such Asset Disposition and used to acquire Additional Assets in contemplation of such Asset Disposition, within 360 days, in the case of either (i) or (ii), above, from the later of the date of such Asset Disposition or the receipt of such Net Available Cash;
provided, however, that in no event will the Issuer make, or permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to make, any Asset Disposition of all or substantially all of the property or assets comprising either of the refineries Preemraff Lysekil or Preemraff Gothenburg, directly or indirectly (including through the sale of the Capital Stock of any Person which holds such assets), including, without limitation, any series of related Asset Dispositions that are part of a common plan.
Any Net Available Cash from Asset Dispositions that is not applied or invested as provided in the preceding clause (3)(A) or (B) will be deemed to constitute ''Excess Asset Disposition Proceeds.'' On the 361st day after an Asset Disposition or such earlier date, if any, as the Board of Directors of the Issuer determine not to apply Net Available Cash relating to such Asset Disposition as set forth in clause (3)(A) or (B), if the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds $25.0 million, the Issuer will be required to make an offer (''Asset Disposition Offer'') to all holders of Notes to repurchase the maximum principal amount of Notes to which the Asset Disposition Offer applies that may be purchased out of the Excess Asset Disposition Proceeds, at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the date of repurchase, in accordance with the procedures set forth herein.
To the extent that the aggregate amount of Notes of all series so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to an Asset Disposition Offer is less than the Excess Asset Disposition Proceeds, the Issuer may use any remaining Excess Asset Disposition Proceeds for general corporate purposes, subject to other covenants contained in the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes of all series so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn exceeds the amount of Excess Asset Disposition Proceeds, the Trustee and a tender agent shall select the Notes to be purchased on a pro rata basis on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of tendered Notes. For the purposes of calculating the aggregate principal amount of any such Indebtedness not denominated in U.S. dollar, such Indebtedness shall be calculated by converting
167

any such aggregate principal amounts into their Dollar Equivalent determined as of a date selected by the Issuer that is within the Asset Disposition Offer Period (as defined below). Upon completion of such Asset Disposition Offer, the amount of Excess Asset Disposition Proceeds shall be reset at zero.
Any Net Available Cash payable in respect of the Notes pursuant to this covenant will be allocated between the Euro Notes and Krona Notes in proportion to the respective aggregate principal amounts of such Euro Notes and Krona Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn, based upon the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of such Euro Notes determined as of a date selected by the Issuer that is within the Asset Disposition Offer Period.
The Asset Disposition Offer will remain open for a period of 20 Business Days following its commencement, except to the extent that a longer period is required by applicable law (the ''Asset Disposition Offer Period''). No later than five Business Days after the termination of the Asset Disposition Offer Period (the ''Asset Disposition Purchase Date''), the Issuer will repurchase the principal amount of Notes required to be repurchased pursuant to this covenant (the ''Asset Disposition Offer Amount'') or, if less than the Asset Disposition Offer Amount has been so validly tendered, all Notes validly tendered in response to the Asset Disposition Offer.
If the Asset Disposition Purchase Date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, any accrued and unpaid interest will be paid to the holders of the Notes at the close of business on such record date, and no additional interest will be payable to holders who tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Disposition Offer.
On or before the Asset Disposition Purchase Date, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful, repurchase, on a pro rata basis to the extent necessary, the Asset Disposition Offer Amount of Notes validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Asset Disposition Offer, or if less than the Asset Disposition Offer Amount has been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn, all Notes so validly tendered and not properly withdrawn. The Issuer will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that such Notes or portions thereof were repaid by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of this covenant. The Issuer will promptly (but in any case not later than five Business Days after the Asset Disposition Purchase Date) deposit with the Paying Agent for payment to the tendering holders, an amount equal to the purchase price of the Notes validly tendered and not properly withdrawn by holders or lenders, as the case may be, and accepted by the Issuer for repayment or repurchase, and the Trustee, upon delivery of an Officer's Certificate from the Issuer, will adjust the relevant principal amount of any Note to correspond to the principal amount that remains unpurchased.
For the purposes of this covenant, the following will be deemed to be cash:
(1) the assumption by the transferee of (x) Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer (in each case, other than Subordinated Obligations) and the release of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from all liability on such Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Disposition or (y) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer that is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Asset Disposition, if the Issuer and each other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer is released from any Guarantee of such Indebtedness as a result of such Asset Disposition (in which case the Issuer will, without further action, be deemed to have applied such deemed cash to Indebtedness in accordance with clause 3(A), above); and
(2) securities, notes or other obligations received by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer from the transferee that are converted by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash within 180 days of such Asset Disposition (provided that the Issuer shall apply any cash received upon such conversion in accordance with clause 3(A) or 3(B), above, to the extent of the cash received in such conversion).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries will be permitted to consummate an Asset Disposition without complying with clauses (2) and (3) of the first paragraph of this ''--Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' covenant if at least 75% of the consideration received by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries from such Asset Disposition constitutes Related Business Assets, cash and Cash Equivalents; provided that (i) any consideration constituting cash or Cash Equivalents received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any Asset Disposition permitted to be consummated
168

pursuant to this sentence shall constitute Net Available Cash subject to the provisions of this covenant, including, without limitation, clause (3) of the first paragraph hereof and (ii) if the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries receives as such Related Business Assets equity interests in a Person, such Person shall constitute a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; and provided, further, however, that, in no event will the Issuer make, or permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to make, any Asset Disposition of all or substantially all of the property or assets of either of the refineries Preemraff Lysekil or Preemraff Gothenburg, directly or indirectly (including through the sale of the Capital Stock of any Person which holds such assets), including, without limitation, any series of related Asset Dispositions that are part of a common plan, unless the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary receives as consideration therefor either (i) cash which is immediately invested in Additional Assets, (ii) Additional Assets or (iii) a combination thereof, which Additional Assets are located primarily in Sweden or, if such Additional Assets are shares of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, such Restricted Subsidiary must be based in, and its business must be conducted primarily in, Sweden.
Any Asset Disposition of the Collateral resulting from an enforcement of the Share Pledge shall also be subject to the standstill provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this covenant, the Parent shall not, and will cause the Issuer and each of the Issuer's Restricted Subsidiaries not to, participate (directly or indirectly) in (x) a Substantial Disposition or (y) a direct or indirect transfer, issuance or other disposition by the Parent of the Capital Stock of the Company resulting (in the case of this clause (y)) from an enforcement of the Share Pledge, pursuant to which the Permitted Holders or an Affiliate of the Permitted Holders is a purchaser (directly or indirectly), unless, in either case described in (x) and (y) above, the terms of such Substantial Disposition provide for the repayment in full of the Notes, or the issuance of a notice of redemption for all of the Notes in accordance with the optional redemption provisions of the Indenture, and the payment of any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and Additional Amounts, if any, within two Business Days following the receipt of Net Available Cash from such Substantial Disposition and the cash required to fund such redemption is delivered to the Paying Agent within one Business Day after closing such Substantial Disposition.
Limitation on Affiliate Transactions
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into or conduct any transaction or series of related transactions (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (an ''Affiliate Transaction'') unless:
(1) the terms of such Affiliate Transaction are no less favorable to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that could be obtained in a comparable transaction at the time of such transaction in arms'-length dealings with a Person who is not such an Affiliate;
(2) in the event such Affiliate Transaction involves an aggregate amount in excess of $15.0 million, the terms of such transaction have been approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and by a majority of the members of such board having no personal stake in such transaction, if any (and such majority or majorities, as the case may be, determines that such Affiliate Transaction satisfies the criteria in (1) above); and
(3) in the event such Affiliate Transaction involves an aggregate amount in excess of $30.0 million, the Issuer has received a written opinion from a major independent investment banking firm, accounting firm or appraisal firm, in each case, of internationally recognized standing that such Affiliate Transaction is fair to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, from a financial point of view.
The foregoing paragraph will not apply to:
(1) any Restricted Payment permitted to be made pursuant to the covenant described under ''--Limitation on Restricted Payments'';
169

(2) any issuance of securities, or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans and other reasonable fees, compensation, benefits and indemnities paid or entered into by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to or with officers, directors or employees of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(3) loans or advances to employees in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and permitted under ''--Limitation on Restricted Payments'';
(4) any transaction between the Issuer and a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity) or between Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Entity or Receivables Entities);
(5) any issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer;
(6) any Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness or Subordinated Equity Cure Loans;
(7) any Existing Affiliate Agreements;
(8) sales, transfers or other dispositions of receivables to a Receivables Entity in a Qualified Receivables Transaction, and acquisitions of Permitted Investments in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction; and
(9) arms'-length transactions by a Restricted Subsidiary entered into in the ordinary course of its business with a minority shareholder of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Permitted Holder or an Affiliate thereof.
Limitation on Sales of Capital Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries
The Issuer will not transfer, convey, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any Capital Stock of the Company, and will not permit the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer to transfer, convey, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any Voting Stock of any other Restricted Subsidiary or to issue any of such Restricted Subsidiary's Voting Stock (other than, if necessary, shares of its Voting Stock constituting directors', qualifying shares) to any Person, except:
(1) to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity);
(2) in compliance with the covenant described under ''--Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' and immediately after giving effect to such issuance or sale, such Restricted Subsidiary either continues to be a Restricted Subsidiary or if such Restricted Subsidiary would no longer be a Restricted Subsidiary, then the Investment of the Issuer in such Person (after giving effect to such issuance or sale) would have been permitted to be made under the ''--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' covenant as if made on the date of such issuance or sale; or
(3) Voting Stock issued to existing shareholders of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; provided that such Voting Stock is issued pro rata on the basis of the number of shares held by such existing shareholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may sell all the Voting Stock of a Subsidiary other than the Company as long as the Issuer is in compliance with the terms of the covenant described under ''--Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock.''
Limitation on Layering
The Issuer will not:
(1) form any Subsidiary or other entity to own or hold equity in the Company nor will it permit the Company to issue equity to any third party; and
(2) directly or indirectly Incur, or permit any Subsidiary to directly or indirectly Incur, any Indebtedness if such Indebtedness is or purports by its terms (or by the terms of any agreement governing such Indebtedness) to be junior or subordinate in right of payment to the A&R Credit Facility (or any other Credit Facility) (or if the A&R Credit Facility (or any
170

other Credit Facility) is required to be repaid ahead of such Indebtedness in a default or enforcement scenario), unless:
(A) the Issuer and any Subsidiary of the Issuer that is an obligor in respect of such Indebtedness issues a direct and unconditional senior Guarantee for the benefit of the Notes;
(B) such Indebtedness is junior or subordinate in right of payment to such Guarantee; and
(C) if such Indebtedness is secured, the Guarantee is secured by a Lien on the same collateral as the Lien that secures such Indebtedness, and the Lien that secures such Indebtedness is junior or subordinate to the Lien that secures the Guarantee.
For purposes of the foregoing, no Indebtedness will be deemed to be junior or subordinate to any other Indebtedness solely by virtue of being unsecured, but will be deemed to be junior or subordinate if secured on a junior or subordinate basis by a Lien on any of the same collateral as the Lien on such collateral that secures the A&R Credit Facility (or any other Credit Facility).
Reports
For so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will provide the Trustee with:
(1) within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Issuer (beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016), (i) annual consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer, including a consolidated audited income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statements and the related notes thereto for the Issuer for the most recent two fiscal years (prepared in accordance with IFRS), (ii) a report thereon by the Issuer's certified independent accountants, (iii) information substantially similar in scope to the information included in the following sections of the offering memorandum: ''Risk Factors'' (other than risks relating to the structure of the offering and the offering itself), ''Capitalization,'' ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," ''Business,'' ''Management,'' ''Related Party Transactions'' and ''Description of Certain Indebtedness,'' and (iv) information with respect to any material acquisition or disposition during the last fiscal year of the Issuer;
(2) within 60 days of the end of the first three fiscal quarters of the Issuer, (i) unaudited consolidated income statements for such period (prepared in accordance with IFRS) and (ii) a financial review of such period (including a comparison against the prior year's comparable period), consisting of a discussion of (A) the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on a consolidated basis, and material changes between the current period and the period of the prior year, (B) material developments in the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (C) financial developments and trends in the business in which the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries is engaged and (D) information with respect to any material acquisition or disposal during the period; and
(3) within 10 days after the occurrence of such event, information with respect to (i) any change in the independent accountants of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (ii) any material acquisition or disposal and (iii) any material development in the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries.
If the Issuer has designated any of its Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms hereof and any such Unrestricted Subsidiary or group of Unrestricted Subsidiaries constitute Significant Subsidiaries of the Issuer, then the annual and quarterly information required by the first two clauses of the first paragraph of this covenant shall include a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, of the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer.
Delivery of any information, documents and reports to the Trustee pursuant to this ''Reports'' covenant is for informational purposes only and the Trustee's receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein, including the Issuer's compliance with any of its covenants under the Indenture.
171

Substantially concurrently with the issuance to the Trustee of the reports and statements specified in (1), (2) and (3) above, the Issuer shall also (a) post copies of such reports or statements on a website maintained by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries that is not password protected or otherwise provide substantially comparable availability of such reports or statements (as determined by the Issuer in good faith) or (b) to the extent the Issuer determines in good faith that it cannot make such reports or statements available in the manner set forth in the preceding clause (a) owing to applicable law, furnish such reports or statements, upon request, to the holders of the Notes and prospective purchasers of the Notes (which prospective purchasers shall be limited to ''qualified institutional buyers'' within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) that certify their status as such to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer), securities analysts and market making financial institutions).
In addition, no later than ten Business Days after the date the reports and statements specified in (1) and (2) above were issued to the Trustee, the Issuer shall hold live quarterly conference calls with the opportunity to ask questions of management. No later than the date the reports and statements specified in (1) and (2) above were issued to the Trustee and no fewer than three Business Days prior to the date such conference call is to be held, the Issuer shall announce such quarterly conference call on its website and via a press release to the appropriate wire services for the benefit of the Trustee, the holders of the Notes and prospective purchasers of the Notes (which prospective purchasers shall be limited to ''qualified institutional buyers'' within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) that certify their status as such to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer), securities analysts and market making financial institutions), which announcement and press release shall contain the time and the date of such conference call and direct the recipients thereof to contact an individual at the Issuer (for whom contact information shall be provided in such notice) to obtain information on how to access such quarterly conference call.
So long as the Notes remain outstanding and during any period during which the Issuer is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt therefrom pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b), the Issuer shall furnish, upon their request, to the holders of the Notes and prospective purchasers of the Notes (which prospective purchasers shall be limited to ''qualified institutional buyers'' within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) that certify their status as such to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer), securities analysts and market making financial institutions), the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.
Limitation on Lines of Business
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, engage in any business other than a Related Business, except for any business other than a Related Business, that, if aggregated together in one legal entity with all other such businesses that are not Related Businesses, would not cause such entity to constitute or become a Significant Subsidiary.
Limitations on Activities of Issuer
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the Company (or any successor, surviving or transferee Person) shall at all times remain a direct, wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer (b) the Issuer (or any successor, surviving or transferee Person) shall at all times remain a direct, wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent (or any successor, surviving or transferee Person), (c) the Issuer shall not directly own Capital Stock in any Person other than the Company's Capital Stock and (d) the Issuer shall undertake no activities other than those (i) relating to the offering, sale or issuance of the Notes, the Incurrence of Indebtedness represented by the Notes, securing the Collateral in favor of the Trustee and the Security Agent on behalf of the holders of the Notes, and using the proceeds thereof as described in the Offering Memorandum; (ii) undertaken with the purpose of fulfilling any other obligations under the Notes, the Indenture or the Share Pledge; (iii) relating to the Issuer's ownership of Capital Stock in the Company; (iv) directly related to the establishment and/or maintenance of its corporate existence; or activities reasonably incidental to the foregoing.
172

Limitation on Investment Company Activities
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates to, conduct its business in a fashion that would cause the Issuer to become subject to regulation under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the ''Investment Company Act''). For purposes of establishing the Issuer's compliance with this provision, any exemption which is or would become available under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act will be disregarded.
Impairment of Security Interest
The Parent and the Issuer will not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, take or omit to take any action that would have the result of materially impairing the Share Pledge, and the Parent and the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, assist, facilitate or authorize the granting of, or grant to, any Person other than the Trustee, for the benefit of the Trustee and the holders of the Notes, any interest whatsoever in any of the Collateral, except that the Collateral may be discharged and released in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Share Pledge; provided, however, that, except with respect to any discharge or release in accordance with the Indenture, the Share Pledge may not be amended, extended, renewed, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or replaced, unless contemporaneously with any such action, the Issuer delivers to the Trustee, either (1) a solvency opinion, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, from a major independent investment banking firm, accounting firm or appraisal firm, in each case, of internationally recognized standing confirming the solvency of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to any transactions related to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or replacement, or (2) an Opinion of Counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, confirming that, after giving effect to any transactions related to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or replacement, the Lien or Liens created under the Share Pledge, as so amended, extended, renewed, restated, supplemented, modified or replaced, are valid Liens not otherwise subject to any limitation, imperfection or new hardening period, in equity or at law, and that such Lien or Liens were not otherwise subject to any limitation, imperfection or new hardening period, in equity or at law, immediately prior to such amendment, extension, renewal, restatement, supplement, modification or replacement. In the event that the Parent and the Issuer comply with the requirements of this covenant, the Trustee shall (subject to customary protections and indemnifications under the Indenture) execute such amendments. Moreover, the Issuer shall not issue any shares, other equity interests or any securities convertible into shares or other equity instruments of the Issuer, unless the subscriber or purchaser of such shares, equity interests or other securities agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and holders of Notes to pledge such shares, equity interest or other securities pursuant to the Share Pledge.
Limitation on Amendments and Cash Distributions on Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness
Without the consent of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, the Parent agrees that it will not, and it will cause the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries not to, participate directly or indirectly in any of:
(a) the modification of any provision of any Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness (including the Existing Shareholder Loans and the Existing Shareholder Notes), except for changes that are solely (i) minor, administrative or technical error correction, or (ii) not materially less favorable to holders of Indebtedness or other obligees other than holders of Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness; or
(b) the making of any cash payment or distribution of property (other than common equity) in respect of any Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness (including the Existing Shareholder Loans and the Existing Shareholder Notes).
Merger and Consolidation
If the Issuer consolidates with or merges with or into, or conveys, transfers or leases all or substantially all its assets to, any Person, at any time and in any circumstance when the conditions
173

set forth in clauses (c) to (f) of clause (3) under ''--Events of Default'' are satisfied, and the transaction is consummated without otherwise causing an Event of Default, then the Successor Company will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer, but, in the case of a lease of all or substantially all the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer will not be released from the obligation to pay the principal of and interest on the Notes.
Events of Default
Each of the following will constitute an ''Event of Default'' under the Indenture:
(1) a default in any payment of interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on any Note under the Indenture when due, continued for 30 days;
(2) a default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, on any Note under the Indenture when due at its Stated Maturity, upon optional redemption, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise;
(3) any consolidation of the Issuer with, or merger of the Issuer with or into, or any conveyance, transfer or lease by the Issuer of all or substantially all of its assets to any Person, unless:
(a) (i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the ''Successor Company'') is a corporation, partnership, trust or limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden, any member of the European Union as of the Issue Date pursuant to which the existing Notes were issued or any state of the United States of America or the District of Columbia, and (ii) the Successor Company (if not the Issuer) expressly assumes, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Indenture;
(b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction (and treating any Indebtedness that becomes an obligation of the Successor Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Successor Company as a result of such transaction as having been Incurred by the Successor Restricted or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such transaction), no other Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;
(c) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, the Successor Company is able to Incur at least an additional $1.00 of Indebtedness pursuant to the first paragraph of ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'';
(d) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture (if any) comply with the Indenture;
(e) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee opinions of tax counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee stating that (A) any payment of principal, redemption price or purchase price of, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes by the Successor Company to a holder of Notes (or beneficial owner, if not a holder) after the consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease of assets will be exempt from the Taxes described and defined under ''--Withholding Taxes'' and (B) no other taxes on income (including taxable capital gains) will be payable under the laws of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined in ''--Redemption for Taxation Reasons'') by a holder of Notes (or beneficial owner, if not a holder) who is not and is not deemed to be a resident of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction and does not carry on a trade in the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction through a branch, agency or permanent establishment to which the Notes of that holder (or beneficial owner) are attributable (or, as the case may be, does not carry on any business activities through a branch, agency or permanent establishment in such Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction) in respect of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes, including the receipt of principal, premium, if any, interest or Additional Amounts, if any, pursuant to such Notes; and
174

(f) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, the Successor Company has Consolidated Net Worth in an amount which is not less than the Consolidated Net Worth of the Issuer immediately prior to such transaction.
For purposes of this clause (3), the sale, lease, conveyance, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Issuer to a Person other than a Restricted Subsidiary, which properties and assets, if held by the Issuer instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer; provided that, if any such sale, lease, conveyance, assignment, transfer or other disposition is made from a Wholly Owned Subsidiary or a Restricted Subsidiary to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, (i) such Restricted Subsidiary shall be subject to the covenant under ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries,'' (ii) the Issuer shall have first received a written opinion from a major independent investment banking firm of internationally recognized standing that such sale, lease, conveyance, assignment, transfer or other disposition is fair to the Issuer from a financial point of view, and (iii) such sale, lease, conveyance, assignment, transfer or other disposition to such Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be a transaction subject to clauses (3)(a) through (3)(f) above.
The Successor Company will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Indenture, but, in the case of a lease of all or substantially all its assets, the predecessor Issuer will not be released from the obligation to pay the principal of and interest on the Notes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing clause (3), (x) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to the Issuer and (y) the Issuer may merge with an Affiliate incorporated solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Issuer in another jurisdiction to realize tax or other benefits.
(4) the failure by the Issuer or Parent, as applicable, to comply for 30 days after receiving the notice referred to below with any of its obligations under the covenants described under ''--Change of Control,'' above, or under covenants described under ''--Certain Covenants,'' above, as the case may be (other than in case of a failure to purchase Notes which will constitute an Event of Default under clause (2) above);
(5) the failure by the Issuer to comply for 60 days after receiving the notice referred to below with its other agreements contained in the Indenture;
(6) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or the payment of which is Guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, whether such Indebtedness or Guarantee now exists, or is created after the Issue Date, which default:
(a) is caused by a failure to pay principal, premium, if any, interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on such Indebtedness prior to the expiration of the grace period provided in such Indebtedness (''payment default''); or
(b) results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its maturity (the ''cross acceleration provision'');
and, in each case, the principal amount of any such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness under which there has been a payment default or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates to $25.0 million or more;
(7) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Issuer or a Significant Subsidiary or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together (as of the latest
175

audited consolidated financial statements for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries), would constitute a Significant Subsidiary (the ''bankruptcy provisions'');
(8) the failure by the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together (as of the latest audited consolidated financial statements for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary to pay final judgments aggregating in excess of $25.0 million (net of any amounts with respect to which a reputable and creditworthy insurance company has acknowledged liability in writing), which judgments are not paid, discharged or stayed for a period of 60 days (the ''judgment default provision'');
(9) any default under the Share Pledge or any failure by the Issuer to comply with its obligations under the covenant described under ''--Impairment of Security Interest.''
However, a default under clauses (4) and (5) will not constitute an Event of Default under the Indenture until the Trustee or the holders of 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes notify the Issuer (or the Parent, as the case may be) of the default and the Issuer or its Subsidiaries (or the Parent, as the case may be) do not cure such default within the time specified in clauses (4) and (5) hereof after receipt of such notice.
If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in clause (7)) occurs and is continuing under the Indenture, the Trustee, by notice to the Issuer, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, by notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such holders shall, declare the principal, premium, if any, accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on all the Notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration, such principal, premium, if any, accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, will be due and payable immediately, and the Trustee, acting on instructions of the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may instruct the Security Agent under the Share Pledge to enforce the Collateral.
In the event of a declaration of acceleration of the Notes under an indenture because an Event of Default described in clause (6) under ''--Events of Default'' has occurred and is continuing, the declaration of acceleration of the Notes shall be automatically annulled if the event of default or payment default triggering such Event of Default pursuant to clause (6) shall be remedied or cured by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or waived by the holders of the relevant Indebtedness within 20 days after the declaration of acceleration with respect thereto and if (1) the annulment of the acceleration of the Notes would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) all existing Events of Default, except non-payment of principal, premium, if any, interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes that became due solely because of the acceleration of the Notes, have been cured or waived.
If an Event of Default described in clause (7) occurs and is continuing under the Indenture, the principal, premium, if any, accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on all the Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any holders of Notes.
The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes under the Indenture may waive all past defaults (except with respect to nonpayment of principal, premium, interest or Additional Amounts) and rescind any such acceleration with respect to such Notes and its consequences if (1) rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) all existing Events of Default, other than the non-payment of the principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes that have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived.
Subject to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the duties of the Trustee, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing under the Indenture, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of Notes unless such holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity and/or security (including by way of prefunding) satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal, premium, if any, interest or Additional Amounts,
176

if any, when due, no holder of Notes may pursue any remedy with respect to the Indenture or the Notes unless:
(1) such holder has previously given the Trustee notice that an Event of Default is continuing;
(2) holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes under the Indenture have requested the Trustee to pursue the remedy;
(3) such holders have offered the Trustee indemnity and/or security (including by way of prefunding) against any loss, liability or expense;
(4) the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity; and
(5) the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period.
Subject to certain restrictions, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes are given the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or the Indenture or that the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other holder of Notes under the Indenture or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. Prior to taking any action under the Indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to indemnification and/or security (including by way of prefunding) satisfactory to it in its sole discretion against all losses and expenses caused by taking or not taking such action.
The Indenture provides that if a Default occurs and is continuing and is known to the Trustee, the Trustee must deliver to each holder of Notes notice of the Default within 90 days after it occurs. Except in the case of a Default in the payment of principal, premium, if any, interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on any Note, the Trustee may withhold notice if and so long as the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding notice is in the interests of such holders of Notes. In addition, the Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, a certificate indicating whether the signers thereof know of any Default that occurred during the previous year. Upon becoming aware of, and as of such time as the Issuer should reasonably have become aware of, certain Defaults, the Issuer also is required to deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days thereafter, written notice of any events which would constitute certain Defaults, their status and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof.
Maintenance of Listing
The Issuer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of each series of Notes on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for so long as such series of Notes are outstanding; provided that if at any time the Issuer determines that it will not maintain such listing, it will obtain (prior to the delisting of the Notes from the Euro MTF Market), and thereafter use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, a listing of such Notes on another ''recognized stock exchange'' as defined in Section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 of the United Kingdom.
Payments for Consent
The Indenture will provide that the Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pay, cause to be paid or pay on its behalf any fee to or for the benefit of any holder of the Notes for or as an inducement to any consent, waiver or amendment of any of the terms of the provisions of the Indenture or the Notes.
Amendments and Waivers
Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture, the Notes, the Share Pledge or the Intercreditor Agreement (in the case of the Intercreditor Agreement, assuming the other parties to the Intercreditor Agreement determine to amend the Intercreditor Agreement and seek the consent of the Security Agent) may be amended with the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (including, without limitation, consents obtained in
177

connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes) and, subject to certain exceptions, any past default or compliance with any provisions may be waived with the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, such Notes), or in the case of an amendment or waiver affecting only the Euro Notes or the Krona Notes, a majority in principal amount of the Notes of such denomination (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with the purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, such Notes). However, without the consent of at least 90% of the holders of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes affected, no amendment may, among other things:
(1) reduce the amount of Notes whose holders must consent to an amendment;
(2) reduce the stated rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any such Note;
(3) reduce the principal of or extend the Stated Maturity of any such Note;
(4) reduce the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any such Note or change the time at which any such Note may be redeemed or repurchased as described under ''--Optional Redemption,'' ''--Change of Control,'' ''--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' or any similar provision;
(5) make any such Note payable in money other than that stated in such Note;
(6) release any security interest granted for the benefit of the holders of the Notes in the Collateral, other than pursuant to the terms of the Share Pledge or the Indenture, as applicable;
(7) impair the right of any holder of such Note to receive payment of principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on such holder's Notes on or after the due dates therefor or to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to such holder's Notes;
(8) make any change in the amendment provisions which require each holder's consent or in the waiver provisions of the Indenture; or
(9) make any change in the provisions of the Indenture described under ''--Withholding Taxes'' that adversely affects the rights of any holder of the Notes or amends the terms of such Notes in the Indenture in a way that would result in a loss of an exemption from any of the Taxes described thereunder or an exemption from any obligation to withhold or deduct Taxes so described thereunder unless the Issuer agrees to pay Additional Amounts, if any, in respect thereof.
The Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties to the Indenture may amend the Indenture, the Notes, the Share Pledge or the Intercreditor Agreement (in the case of the Intercreditor Agreement, assuming the other parties to the Intercreditor Agreement determine to amend the Intercreditor Agreement and seek the consent of the Security Agent) without the consent of any holder of the Notes, to:
(1) cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency;
(2) provide for the assumption by a successor corporation, partnership, trust or limited liability company of the obligations of the Issuer under and pursuant to the Indenture;
(3) provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes (provided that the uncertificated Notes are issued in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the Code, or in a manner such that the uncertificated Notes are described in Section 4701(b)(1)(B) of the Code);
(4) add Guarantees with respect to the Notes;
(5) add Collateral to secure the Notes, or amend, extend, renew, restate, supplement, modify or replace any Collateral provided for the benefit of the Notes;
178

(6) add to the covenants of the Issuer for the benefit of the holders or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Issuer;
(7) make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder of Notes under the Indenture;
(8) evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under the Indenture by the successor trustee; or
(9) conform the text of the Indenture, the Notes, the Intercreditor Agreement or the Share Pledge, to any provision in this description of notes, to the extent that such provision was intended to be a verbatim recitation.
In formulating its decisions on such matters, the Trustee shall rely on an Officer's Certificate and Opinion of Counsel.
For purposes of determining whether holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of Notes of a series have taken any action under the Indenture, the aggregate principal amount of any series of Notes will be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of such Notes as of (i) such date (if a record date has been set with respect to the taking of such action) or (ii) the date the taking of such action by holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of such Notes has been certified to the Trustee by the Issuer (if no such record date has been set).
The consent of the holders of Notes is not necessary to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment in accordance with the notice provisions set out in the Indenture. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment. After an amendment to the Indenture becomes effective, the Issuer is required to mail to the holders a notice briefly describing such amendment in accordance with the notice provisions set out in the Indenture. However, the failure to give such notice to all the holders of Notes, or any defect therein, will not impair or affect the validity of the amendment.
No amendment or waiver of the standstill provisions in the Intercreditor Agreement, or the provision in relation to the accession of a new Trustee or new Security Agent, may be made without the consent of the Trustee or the Security Agent (and the Facility Agent, senior lenders, Hedge Counterparties and Credit Facility Security Agent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided elsewhere herein, for any other amendment or waiver to the Intercreditor Agreement, the consent of the Trustee or the Security Agent, or the holders of the Notes, is not required.
Acts by Holders
In determining whether the holders of the required aggregate principal amount of the Notes of a series have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, any such Notes owned by the Issuer or by any Person directly or indirectly controlled, or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, the Issuer will be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding.
Defeasance
The Issuer may, with respect to a series of Notes, at any time terminate all of its obligations under the Notes of such series and the Indenture (''legal defeasance''), except for certain obligations, including those respecting the defeasance trust and obligations to register the transfer or exchange of the Notes of such series, to replace mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes of such series and to maintain a registrar and paying agent in respect of the Notes of such series.
The Issuer may, with respect to a series of Notes, at any time terminate all of its obligations under covenants described under ''--Certain Covenants,'' the operation of the cross-default upon a payment default and cross acceleration provisions, the bankruptcy provisions with respect to Significant Subsidiaries, the judgment default provision, and the default provision contained in clause (3) under ''--Events of Default'' but only in respect of clauses (c) to (f) thereof (''covenant defeasance'').
The Issuer may exercise its legal defeasance option with respect to a series of Notes notwithstanding its prior exercise of its covenant defeasance option with respect to such series. If
179

the Issuer exercises its legal defeasance option with respect to a series of Notes, payment of such Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default with respect thereto. If the Issuer exercises its covenant defeasance option with respect to a series of Notes, payment of such Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in clause (4), (5), (6), (7) (with respect only to Significant Subsidiaries), (8) or (9) under ''--Events of Default,'' above, or because of the failure of the Issuer to comply with clauses (c) to (f) under clause (3) under ''--Events of Default.''
In order to exercise either legal defeasance or covenant defeasance with respect to a series of Notes under the Indenture:
(i) the Issuer must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee (or such entity designated or appointed (as agent of the Trustee) by the Trustee for such purpose), in trust, for the benefit of the holders of such Notes, (x) cash in euros in the case of the Euro Notes or (y) cash in krona in case of Krona Notes, in each case in such amounts as will be sufficient, in the opinion of an internationally recognized firm of independent public accountants, to pay the principal, premium, if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on such Notes on the stated date for payment thereof or on the applicable redemption date, as the case may be;
(ii) in the case of legal defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee:
(x) an Opinion of Counsel in the United States reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that:
(A) the Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or
(B) since the Issue Date, there has been a change in the applicable United States federal income tax law, in either case, to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the beneficial owners of such Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of such legal defeasance and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such legal defeasance had not occurred, and
(y) an Opinion of Counsel in the Kingdom of Sweden reasonably acceptable to the Trustee to the effect that:
(A) beneficial owners of such Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for Swedish income tax purposes as a result of such legal defeasance and will be subject to Swedish income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such legal defeasance had not occurred, and
(B) payments from the defeasance trust will be free and exempt from any and all withholding and other income taxes of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or therein having the power to tax;
(iii) in the case of covenant defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee:
(x) an Opinion of Counsel in the United States reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that the beneficial owners of such Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of such covenant defeasance and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such covenant defeasance had not occurred, and
(y) an Opinion of Counsel in the Kingdom of Sweden reasonably acceptable to the Trustee to the effect that:
(A) beneficial owners of such Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for Swedish income tax purposes as a result of such covenant defeasance and will be subject to Swedish income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and
180

at the same times as would have been the case if such covenant defeasance had not occurred, and
(B) payments from the defeasance trust will be free and exempt from any and all withholding and other income taxes of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or therein having the power to tax;
(iv) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 91st day after the date of deposit;
(v) such legal defeasance or covenant defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under the Indenture or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is bound;
(vi) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the holders of such Notes over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(vii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for or relating to the legal defeasance or the covenant defeasance have been complied with;
(viii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the United States (subject to customary exceptions) to the effect that:
(A) the trust funds will not be subject to any rights of holders of Indebtedness, including, without limitation, those arising under the Indenture, and
(B) after the 181st day following the deposit, the trust funds will not be subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally under any applicable Swedish or United States federal or state law and that the Trustee has a perfected security interest in such trust funds for the ratable benefit of the holders of such Notes; and
(ix) certain other customary conditions precedent are satisfied.
Withholding Taxes
All payments made by the Issuer (including a Successor Company) under, or with respect to, the Notes (whether or not in the form of Definitive Notes) will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (including penalties and interest related thereto) (collectively, ''Taxes'') imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of Taxes is then required by law. If any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes of any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction shall at any time be required on any payments made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes, including payments of principal, premium or interest, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the ''Additional Amounts''), in cash or in the form of additional PIK Notes, as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received in respect of such payments by the holders of the Notes or the Trustee, as the case may be, after such withholding or deduction, equal the respective amounts which would have been received in respect of such payments in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no Additional Amounts will be payable with respect to:
(1) any Taxes that would not have been imposed but for the holder or beneficial owner of the Note having some connection with the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (including being a citizen or resident or national of, or carrying on a business or maintaining a permanent establishment in, or being physically present in, the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction) other than by the mere holding of such Note or enforcement of rights thereunder or the receipt of payments in respect thereof;
181

(2) any Taxes that are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure of the holder or beneficial owner of the Note to comply with a timely request of the Issuer addressed to the holder to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of such holder or beneficial owner or to make any declaration or similar claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which is required or imposed by a statute, treaty, regulation, protocol, or administrative practice of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of such Taxes, if and to the extent that due and timely compliance with such request would have reduced or eliminated such Taxes with respect to such relevant holder;
(3) except in the case of the winding up of the Issuer, any Note presented for payment (where presentation is required) in the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (unless presentment could not have been reasonably made elsewhere and except to the extent that the holder would have been entitled to Additional Amounts had the Note not been so presented);
(4) any Note presented for payment (where presentation is required) more than 30 days after the relevant payment is first made available for payment to the holder (except to the extent that the holder would have been entitled to Additional Amounts had the Note been presented on the last day of such 30 day period);
(5) any Taxes imposed on a payment to or for an individual and required to be made pursuant to the Taxation on Savings Income Directive or any law of the European Union or a non-Member State implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such directive; or
(6) any Note presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder of the Notes who would have been able to avoid such withholding taxes or any other deductions by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a member state of the European Union.
Such Additional Amounts will also not be payable where, had the beneficial owner of the Note been the holder of the Note, it would not have been entitled to payment of Additional Amounts by reason of clauses (1) to (6) inclusive, above.
Upon request, the Issuer will provide the Trustee with documentation satisfactory to the Trustee evidencing the payment of Additional Amounts. Copies of such documentation will be made available to the holders upon request.
The Issuer will (i) make any required withholding or deduction and (ii) remit the full amount deducted or withheld to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in accordance with applicable law. The Issuer will use all reasonable efforts to obtain certified copies of tax receipts evidencing the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld from each Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction imposing such Taxes. Upon request, the Issuer will provide the Trustee with any such certified copies or, if such certified copies are not available, such other documentation as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee evidencing payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld. Copies of such tax receipts or other documentation, as the case may be, shall be made available to the holders upon request. To the extent that the Issuer is required by law or by the interpretation or administration thereof to make any deduction or withholding from any payment of interest on the Notes or any payment of an Additional Amount which, in either case, is made through the issuance of PIK Notes, the foregoing provisions shall apply with respect to such withholding or deduction requirement, mutatis mutandis.
The Issuer will pay any present or future stamp, court, issue or documentary taxes, or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies which arise in any jurisdiction from the execution, delivery, enforcement or registration of the Indenture or the Notes or any other document or instrument referred to therein, or the receipt of any payments with respect to the Notes, excluding any such taxes, charges or similar levies imposed by any jurisdiction that is not a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, other than those resulting from, or required to be paid in connection with, the enforcement of the Notes or any other such document or instrument following the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Notes.
Whenever in the Indenture or in this description of notes there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of principal, premium, interest or any other amount payable under or with respect to any Note, including PIK Interest, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment
182

of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof.
The foregoing obligations shall survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of the Indenture.
Concerning the Trustee
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited will be the Trustee under the Indenture. The Indenture will provide that, except during the continuance of an Event of Default thereunder, the Trustee thereunder will perform only such duties as are specifically set forth in the Indenture. During the existence of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Trustee will exercise such rights and powers vested in it under the Indenture and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise as a prudent person would exercise under the circumstances in the conduct of such person's own affairs.
The Trustee is permitted to engage in other transactions with the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer.
Satisfaction and Discharge
The Indenture and the Share Pledge will be discharged and cease to be of further effect (except as to surviving rights of conversion or transfer or exchange of the Notes of a series, as expressly provided for in the Indenture) as to all outstanding Notes of a series when (1) either (a) all such Notes previously authenticated and delivered (other than certain lost, stolen or destroyed Notes of such series and certain Notes for which provision for payment was previously made and thereafter the funds have been released to the Issuer) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation or (b) all Notes of such series not previously delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (i) have become due and payable, (ii) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year or (iii) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuer; (2) the Issuer has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or such entity designated or appointed (as agent of the Trustee) by the Trustee pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Indenture by the Trustee for this purpose), (x) euros or European Government Obligations, or a combination thereof (in the case of the Euro Notes) or (y) Swedish Krona or Swedish Government Obligations (in case of the Krona Notes), as applicable, in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire Indebtedness of the Notes of such series not previously delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal, premium, if any, and interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the date of deposit (in the case of Notes of a series that have become due and payable), or to the Stated Maturity or redemption date, as the case may be; (3) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable under the Indenture; (4) the Issuer has delivered irrevocable instructions under the Indenture to apply the deposited money towards payment of the Notes at maturity or on the redemption date, as the case may be; and (5) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each to the effect that all conditions precedent under the Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture have been complied with, provided that any such counsel may rely on any Officer's Certificate as to matters of fact (including as to compliance with the foregoing clauses (1), (2) and (3)).
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees, Incorporators and Stockholders
No director, officer or employee of the Issuer, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, the Notes or the Share Pledge for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws and it is the view of the Commission that such a waiver is against public policy.
183

Notices
All notices to holders of Notes will be validly given if (as long the Notes are in certificated definitive form) mailed to them at their respective addresses in the register of the holders of the Notes, if any, maintained by the Registrar. In addition, for so long as any of the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall so require, notices with respect to the Notes will be published in a newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In addition, for so long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes, all notices to holders of the Notes will be delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, each of which will give such notices to the holders of Book-Entry Interests.
Each such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made; provided that, if notices are mailed, such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the later of such publication and the seventh day after being so mailed. Any notice or communication mailed to a holder shall be mailed to such Person by first-class mail or other equivalent means and shall be sufficiently given to such holder if so mailed within the time prescribed. Failure to mail, cause to be delivered or send a notice or communication to a holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest or Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes will become void unless presentment for payment is made (where so required in the Indenture) within, in the case of principal, premium or Additional Amounts, if any, a period of ten years, or, in the case of interest, a period of five years, in each case from the applicable original payment date therefor.
Currency Indemnity
The sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer under or in connection with the Euro Notes and Krona Notes, including for damages is in the case of Euro Notes, euro, and in the case of Krona Notes, krona. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than euro (in the case of the Euro Notes) or Swedish Krona (in the case of the Krona Notes), whether as a result of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise by any holder of the Notes or by the Trustee, in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer will only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the euro amount or the Swedish Krona amount, as the case may be, which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that euro amount is less than the euro amount expressed to be due to the recipient or the Trustee under any Euro Note or if that Swedish Krona amount is less than the Swedish Krona amount expressed to be due to the recipient or the Trustee under any Krona Note, the Issuer will indemnify them against any loss sustained by such recipient or the Trustee as a result. For the purposes of this currency indemnity provision, it will be prima facie evidence of the matter stated therein for the holder of a Note or the Trustee to certify in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer (indicating the sources of information used) the loss it Incurred in making any such purchase. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, will give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any holder of a Note or the Trustee (other than a waiver of the indemnities set out herein) and will continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or to the Trustee.
Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, for purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated restriction herein, the Dollar Equivalent amount for purposes hereof that is denominated in a non-U.S. dollar currency shall be calculated based on the relevant
184

currency exchange rate in effect on the date such non-U.S. dollar amount is Incurred or made, as the case may be.
Enforceability of Judgments
Since substantially all the assets of the Issuer are held by Subsidiaries located outside the United States, any judgment obtained in the United States against the Issuer, including judgments with respect to the payment of principal, premium, if any, interest or Additional Amounts, if any, and any purchase price with respect to the Notes, may not be collectable within the United States.
Consent to Jurisdiction and Service
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, the Issuer will in the Indenture irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, County and State of New York, United States.
Governing Law
The Indenture and the Notes and the rights and duties of the parties thereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. The Share Pledge will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Sweden. The Intercreditor Agreement, and the respective rights and duties of the parties thereunder, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.
Certain Definitions
The Indenture will contain certain defined terms, including the following:
''A&R Credit Facility'' means the revolving credit facilities and term loan facilities for the Company by means of an amendment and restatement agreement dated February 3, 2016 (as further amended by an amendment letter dated April 18, 2016), which will become effective on the Issue Date of the Notes, with initial borrowings thereunder planned to occur at or around the Issue Date of the Notes, among the Company, as borrower, Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, DNB Bank ASA, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ), Skandinaviska Endskilda Banken AB (publ), Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit, as lenders, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as facility agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as factoring bank and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) as fronting bank, as further amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time (and whether or not with the original administrative agent and lenders or another administrative agent or agents or other lenders).
''Additional Assets'' means:
(1) any property or assets (other than Indebtedness and Capital Stock) to be used by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in a Related Business;
(2) the Capital Stock of a Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of the acquisition of such Capital Stock by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; or
(3) Capital Stock constituting a minority interest in any Person that at such time is a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer;
provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (2) and (3), such Restricted Subsidiary is primarily engaged in a Related Business.
''Affiliate'' of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, ''control'' when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms ''controlling'' and ''controlled'' have meanings correlative to the foregoing; provided that beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the Voting Stock of a Person shall be deemed to be control.
185

''Applicable Benchmark'' means the Bund Rate, in case of the Euro Notes, and the Swedish Treasury Rate, in case of the Krona Notes, in each case selected by the Issuer.
''Applicable ECF Percentage'' means (a) 100% if the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Issuer as of the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period is greater than 2.25 to 1.00, (b) 75% if the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Issuer as of the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period is greater than 1.75 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00 and (c) 50% if Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Issuer as of the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period is less than or equal to 1.75 to 1.00.
''Applicable Premium'' means, with respect to any Note at any redemption date, the greater of (1) 1% of the principal amount of such Note at such time and (2) the excess of (A) the present value at such time of (i) the redemption price of such Note on May 15, 2019 (exclusive of any accrued interest to such redemption date), plus (ii) any required interest payments due on such Note through and including May 15, 2019 as though the interest rate applicable was the interest in effect on the date of the redemption notice (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the date of redemption), computed using a discount rate equal to the Applicable Benchmark plus 50 basis points, over (B) the principal amounts of such Note, in each case as calculated by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer by such Person as the Issuer shall designate. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall not be a calculation performed by the Trustee or any Agent.
''Asset Disposition'' means any direct or indirect sale, lease (other than an operating lease entered into in the ordinary course of business), transfer, issuance or other disposition, or a series of related sales, leases, transfers, issuances or dispositions that are part of a common plan, of shares of Capital Stock of a Subsidiary (other than directors' qualifying shares), property or other assets (each referred to for the purposes of this definition as a ''disposition'') by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any disposition by means of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction.
Notwithstanding the preceding, the following items shall not be deemed to be Asset Dispositions:
(1) a disposition by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or by the Issuer to a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity) thereof;
(2) the sale of Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business;
(3) a disposition of inventory in the ordinary course of business;
(4) the sale of crude oil, other feedstocks or associated products to a counterparty, provided that such counterparty or an affiliate of such counterparty agrees to buy back any refined petroleum products maintained in inventory;
(5) a disposition of obsolete or worn out equipment or equipment that is no longer useful in the conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries and that is disposed of in each case in the ordinary course of business;
(6) consolidations, mergers, conveyances, transfers or leases that do not constitute a Default under clause (3) of ''--Events of Default'' above;
(7) for purposes of ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' only, the making of a Permitted Investment or a disposition subject to ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments'';
(8) an issuance of Capital Stock by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer to the Issuer or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity);
(9) dispositions of assets with an aggregate fair market value since the Issue Date of less than $15 million;
(10) dispositions in connection with Permitted Liens;
(11) sales, transfers or other dispositions of receivables to a Receivables Entity in a Qualified Receivables Transaction;
(12) the lease, sale, assignment or sublease or other disposal of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business; and
186

(13) any surrender or waiver of contract rights or the settlement, release recovery on or surrender of contract, tort or other claims of any kind.
''Attributable Indebtedness'' in respect of a Sale/Leaseback Transaction means, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at the interest rate borne by the Notes, compounded semi-annually) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale/Leaseback Transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended).
''Available Excess Cash Flow'' means, with respect to any Excess Cash Flow Period, an amount equal to the Applicable ECF Percentage of the Excess Cash Flow Amount available for any such Excess Cash Flow Period, minus the aggregate amount, if any, that is required to be applied to pay for any Notes that have been tendered or that are subject to a pending tender pursuant to a Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer related to a prior Excess Cash Flow Period, but which amount has not yet been applied.
''Average Life'' means, as of the date of determination, with respect to any Indebtedness or Preferred Stock, the quotient obtained by dividing:
(1) the sum of the products of the numbers of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) from the date of determination to the dates of each successive scheduled principal payment of such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment with respect to such Preferred Stock or Indebtedness multiplied by the amount of such payment, by
(2) the sum of all such payments.
''Board of Directors'' means, as to any Person, the board of directors of such Person or any duly authorized committee thereof or any equivalent governing body charged under the laws of the jurisdiction of such Person with equivalent powers and responsibilities to supervise and direct the affairs of such Person.
''Borrowing Base'' means, as of the date of determination, an amount equal to the sum, without duplication, of (1) 95% of the net book value of the Issuer's and its Restricted Subsidiaries' accounts receivable at such date that are not more than 90 days past due, less the value of the receivables sold, transferred of otherwise disposed of to a Receivables Entity in a Qualified Receivables Transaction, and (2) 95% of the net book value of all inventory owned by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date, or scheduled for delivery against letters of credit issued under Credit Facilities, provided that net book value shall be determined in accordance with IFRS and shall be as reflected on the most recent available balance sheet (it being understood that the accounts receivable and inventories of an acquired business may be included if such acquisition has been completed on or prior to the date of determination).
''Bund Rate'' means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany (Bunds or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to May 15, 2019; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to May 15, 2019 is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a weekly average yield is given, the Bund Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to May 15, 2019 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
''Business Day'' means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in Stockholm or London.
187

''Capital Stock'' of any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) equity of such Person, including any Preferred Stock, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.
''Capitalized Lease Obligations'' means an obligation that is required to be classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease for financial reporting purposes in accordance with IFRS, and the amount of Indebtedness represented by such obligation will be the capitalized amount of such obligation at the time any determination thereof is to be made determined in accordance with IFRS, and the Stated Maturity thereof will be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date such lease may be terminated without penalty.
''Cash Equivalents'' means:
(1) securities issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian governments, any member state of the European Union, Switzerland, Norway or Japan, or, in each case, any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such country or such member state is pledged in support thereof), having maturities of not more than two years from the date of acquisition;
(2) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers' acceptances having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any lender or by any bank or trust company (a) whose commercial paper is rated at least ''A-1'' or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least ''P-1'' or the equivalent thereof by Moody's (or if at the time neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) or (b) (in the event that the bank or trust company does not have commercial paper which is rated) having combined capital and surplus in excess of $500 million;
(3) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (1) and (2) entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (2) above;
(4) commercial paper rated at the time of acquisition thereof at least ''A-2'' or the equivalent thereof by S&P or ''P-2'' or the equivalent thereof by Moody's or carrying an equivalent rating by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization, if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of investments or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has an equivalent rating in respect of its long-term debt, and in any case maturing within one year after the date of acquisition thereof;
(5) Indebtedness or preferred stock issued by Persons with a rating of ''B B B -'' or higher from S&P or ''Baa3'' or higher from Moody's (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition;
(6) bills of exchange issued by the United States or Canadian governments, any member state of the European Union, Switzerland, Norway or Japan, or, in each case, any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such country or such member state is pledged in support thereof), eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any dematerialized equivalent);
(7) interests in any investment company, money market or fund which invests 95% or more of its assets in instruments of the type specified in clauses (1) through (6) above; and
(8) for purposes of clause (2) of the exceptions listed in the second paragraph of the definition of ''Asset Disposition,'' the marketable securities portfolio owned by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Issue Date.
''Change of Control'' means:
(1) any ''person'' (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than one or more Permitted Holders, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
188

Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 35% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Issuer (or its successor by merger, consolidation or purchase of all or substantially all of its assets); and the Permitted Holders ''beneficially own'' (for purposes of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, in the aggregate a lesser percentage of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Issuer (or its successor by merger, consolidation or purchase of all or substantially all of its assets) than such other person and do not have the right or ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election a majority of the Board of Directors of the Issuer or such successor, as the case may be (for the purposes of this clause, a person shall be deemed to beneficially own any voting Capital Stock of a specified entity held by an entity, if such other person beneficially owns (for purposes of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, more than 35% of the voting power of the voting Capital Stock of such entity and no other person beneficially owns (for purposes of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, in the aggregate a greater percentage of the voting power of the voting Capital Stock of such entity or has the right or ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election a majority of the Board of Directors of such parent entity); provided that, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred under the Indenture if, upon and after the death of Mohammed Hussein Al- Amoudi, beneficial ownership of his Voting Stock of the Issuer is transferred to his spouse or any of his descendants (including any trust controlled by and maintained for the sole benefit of such spouse or descendant) or the estate of any of the foregoing; or
(2) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any ''person'' (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act);
(3) the adoption by the stockholders or Board of Directors of the Issuer, as the case may be, of a plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer; or
(4) the merger or consolidation of the Issuer with or into another Person or the merger of another Person with or into the Issuer or the merger of any Person with or into a Subsidiary of the Issuer, unless the holders of a majority of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Stock of the Issuer, immediately prior to such transaction, hold securities of the surviving or transferee Person that represent, immediately after such transaction, at least a majority of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Stock of the surviving or transferee Person.
''Clearstream'' means Clearstream, societe anonyme.
''Code'' means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
''Collateral'' means the shares and other rights subject to the Share Pledge from time to time.
''Commission'' means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any successor entity thereof from time to time.
''Common Depositary'' means the common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, or its nominee.
''Consolidated EBITDA'' for any period means, without duplication, the Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus the following, to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income:
(1) Consolidated Income Taxes;
(2) Consolidated Interest Expense;
(3) consolidated depreciation expense;
(4) consolidated amortization of intangibles;
(5) any gains and losses as a result of fluctuations in prices of crude oil, other feedstocks and refined petroleum products maintained in inventory, arising pursuant to IFRS;
189

(6) any currency translation or transaction gains or losses in respect of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of such Person and any foreign exchange gains or losses relating to translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies; and
(7) other non-cash charges reducing Consolidated Net Income, including, without limitation, non-cash charges arising from (A) period end remeasurement of the Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes and (B) minority interests (but excluding any non-cash charge to the extent it represents an accrual of or reserve for cash charges in any future period or amortization of a prepaid cash expense that was paid in a prior period not included in the calculation).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, clauses (1), (3), (4) and (7) relating to amounts of a Restricted Subsidiary of a Person will be added to Consolidated Net Income to compute Consolidated EBITDA of such Person only to the extent (and in the same proportion) that the net income of such Subsidiary was included in calculating the Consolidated Net Income of such Person and only if a corresponding amount would be permitted at the date of determination to be dividended to the Issuer by such Restricted Subsidiary without prior approval (that has not been obtained), pursuant to the terms of its charter and all agreements, instruments, judgments, decrees, orders, statutes, rules and governmental regulations applicable to that Restricted Subsidiary or its stockholders.
''Consolidated Income Taxes'' means, with respect to any Person for any period, taxes imposed upon such Person or other payments required to be made by such Person by any governmental authority which taxes or other payments are calculated by reference to the income or profits of such Person or such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries (to the extent such income or profits were included in computing Consolidated Net Income for such period), regardless of whether such taxes or payments are required to be remitted to any governmental authority.
''Consolidated Interest Expense'' means, for any period, without duplication, the total interest expense of the Issuer and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries, whether paid or accrued plus, to the extent not included in such interest expense:
(1) interest expense attributable to Capitalized Lease Obligations and the interest portion of rent expense associated with Attributable Indebtedness in respect of the relevant lease giving rise thereto, determined as if such lease were a capitalized lease in accordance with IFRS and the interest component of any deferred payment obligations;
(2) amortization of debt discount;
(3) accrued interest;
(4) non-cash interest expense;
(5) commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers' acceptance financing;
(6) interest paid on any Indebtedness of any other Person as a result of such Indebtedness being Guaranteed by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(7) net costs associated with Hedging Obligations (including amortization of fees);
(8) the consolidated interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries that was capitalized during such period;
(9) all dividend payments, whether or not in cash (other than any such non-cash dividend in the form of Capital Stock which does not provide for the payment of cash dividends prior to any Stated Maturity of the principal of the Notes), on any series of Disqualified Stock of such Person or on Preferred Stock of its Restricted Subsidiaries payable to a party other than the Issuer or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary;
(10) Receivables Fees; and
(11) the cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any Person (other than the Issuer) in connection with Indebtedness Incurred by such plan or trust; provided, however, that there will be excluded therefrom any such interest expense of
190

any Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent the related Indebtedness is not Guaranteed or paid by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary.
For purposes of the foregoing, total interest expense will be determined after giving effect to any net payments made or received by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries with respect to Interest Rate Agreements.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for as long as interest on the Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness is subordinated to the prior payment in full of all amounts payable with respect to the Notes, the amount of such interest shall not be included in Consolidated Interest Expense.
''Consolidated Leverage'' means the sum of the aggregate outstanding Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the relevant date of calculation on a consolidated basis (other than the Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness).
''Consolidated Leverage Ratio'' means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Leverage at such date to (y) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the most recent twelve months ending prior to the date of such determination; provided, however, that for the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for such period, if, as of such date of determination:
(1) since the beginning of such period the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary has disposed of any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such disposition, a ''Sale'') or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is such a Sale, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the assets which are the subject of such Sale for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such period;
(2) since the beginning of such period the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (by merger or otherwise) has made an Investment in any Person that thereby becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or otherwise has acquired any company, any business, or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business (any such Investment or acquisition, a ''Purchase''), including any such Purchase occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Purchase occurred on the first day of such period; and
(3) since the beginning of such period any Person that became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged or otherwise combined with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period will have made any Sale or any Purchase that would have required an adjustment pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above if made by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period, Consolidated EBITDA for such period will be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Sale or Purchase occurred on the first day of such period.
For purposes of this definition, (a) whenever pro forma effect is to be given to any transaction or calculation under this definition, the pro forma calculations will be as determined in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Issuer (including in respect of anticipated expense and cost reductions and synergies) and (b) in determining the amount of Indebtedness outstanding on any date of determination, pro forma effect shall be given to any Incurrence, repayment, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition, retirement or discharge of Indebtedness on such date.
''Consolidated Net Income'' means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Issuer and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with IFRS; provided, however, that there will not be included in such Consolidated Net Income:
(1) any net income (loss) of any Person if such Person is not a Restricted Subsidiary, except that:
(a) subject to the limitations contained in clauses (4), (5) and (6) below, the Issuer's equity in the net income of any such Person for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash actually distributed by
191

such Person during such period to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution (subject, in the case of a dividend or other distribution to a Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitations contained in clause (3), below); and
(b) the Issuer's equity in a net loss of any such Person (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary) for such period will be included in determining such Consolidated Net Income to the extent such loss has been funded with cash from the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;
(2) any net income of any Restricted Subsidiary if such Subsidiary is subject to restrictions, directly or indirectly, on the payment of dividends or the making of distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to the Issuer, except that:
(a) subject to the limitations contained in clauses (4), (5) and (6), below, the Issuer's equity in the net income of any such Restricted Subsidiary for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash that could have been distributed by such Restricted Subsidiary during such period to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary as a dividend (subject, in the case of a dividend to a Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitation contained in this clause); and
(b) the Issuer's equity in a net loss of any such Restricted Subsidiary for such period will be included in determining such Consolidated Net Income;
(3) any gain (loss) realized upon the sale or other disposition of any property, plant or equipment of the Issuer or its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries (including pursuant to any Sale/Leaseback Transaction) which is not sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business and any gain (loss) realized upon the sale or other disposition of any Capital Stock of any Person;
(4) any extraordinary, exceptional, unusual or nonrecurring gain, loss or charge in respect of any restructuring (including, for the avoidance of doubt, redundancy or severance expenses and other costs);
(5) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles;
(6) the tax effect of any of the items described in clauses (1) through (5), above; and
(7) any non-cash amount attributable to income tax which is deducted from such net income on the Issuer's consolidated statement of operations in accordance with IFRS (other than amounts attributable to deferred taxes) and which does not reflect taxes imposed on and legally payable by the Issuer; provided that such deduction shall not exceed the product of (A) the Issuer's taxable income and (B) the applicable Swedish tax rate.
''Consolidated Net Worth'' means the total of the amounts shown on the balance sheet of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with IFRS, as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Issuer ending at least 45 days prior to the taking of any action for the purpose of which the determination is being made, as (i) the par or stated value of all outstanding Capital Stock of the Issuer plus (ii) paid-in capital or capital surplus relating to such Capital Stock plus (iii) any retained earnings or earned surplus, less (A) any accumulated deficit and (B) any amounts attributable to Disqualified Stock.
''Credit Facility'' means one or more credit facilities, including the A&R Credit Facility, providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables to such lenders or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such lenders against such receivables) or letters of credit, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time (and whether or not with the original facility agent and lenders or another facility agent or agents or other lenders), but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Public Debt.
''Currency Agreement'' means, in respect of a Person, any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement or other similar agreement as to which such Person is a party or a beneficiary.
''Default'' means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.
192

''Designated Capital Expenditures'' means any capital expenditure made with respect to Designated Projects.
''Designated Projects'' means (i) improvements or turnarounds at either of Preemraff Lysekil or Preemraff Gothenburg, (ii) improvements to any of the Group's gas stations and (iii) expansion of the Group's gas station network, including storage and depot capacity.
''Dollar Equivalent'' means, with respect to any monetary amount in a currency other than U.S. dollar, at any time of determination thereof by the Issuer or the Trustee, the amount of U.S. dollar obtained by converting such currency other than U.S. dollar involved in such computation into U.S. dollar at the spot rate for the purchase of U.S. dollar with the applicable currency other than U.S. dollar as published in The Financial Times in the ''Currency Rates'' section (or, if The Financial Times is no longer published, or if such information is no longer available in The Financial Times, such source as may be selected in good faith by the Issuer) on the date of such determination.
''Disqualified Stock'' means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event:
(1) matures or is mandatorily redeemable pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise;
(2) is convertible or exchangeable for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock (excluding Capital Stock which is convertible or exchangeable solely at the option of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary); or
(3) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part;
in each case, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the date (a) which is the Stated Maturity of the Notes or (b) on which there are no Notes outstanding; provided that only the portion of Capital Stock that so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such Stated Maturity will be deemed to be Disqualified Stock; and provided, further, that any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale (each defined in a substantially identical manner to the corresponding definitions in the Indenture) shall not constitute Disqualified Stock if the terms of such Capital Stock (and all such securities into which it is convertible or for which it is ratable or exchangeable) provide that the Issuer may not repurchase or redeem any such Capital Stock (and all such securities into which it is convertible or for which it is ratable or exchangeable) pursuant to such provision prior to compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of the Indenture described under the captions ''--Change of Control'' and ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'' and such repurchase or redemption complies with ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments.''
''Equity Offering'' means any public or private sale of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any Parent (other than a public or private sale (i) pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 or otherwise relating to equity securities issuable under any employee benefit plan of the Issuer or (ii) to the Parent, the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer, or to an Affiliate of the Parent, the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer) whereby the Issuer receives Net Cash Proceeds of not less than $100 million, provided that if such public or private sale is of Capital Stock of a Parent, the term ''Equity Offering'' shall refer to the portion of the Net Cash Proceeds therefrom that has been contributed to the equity capital of the Issuer (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Stock).
''Euroclear'' means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System.
''European Government Obligations'' means any security that is a direct obligation of, or obligations guaranteed by, a country that is a member state of the European Union on the date of the Indenture, and the payment for which such country pledges its full faith and credit.
''Excess Cash Flow Amount'' means cash owned by the Group that is available to be distributed to the Issuer as a dividend, distribution or payment for purposes of (A) prepaying principal amounts outstanding under Notes which constitute interest previously paid as PIK Notes
193

(each, a ''Capitalized Amount'') and/or (B) repaying principal amounts (other than Capitalized Amounts) outstanding under the Notes, in accordance with the terms of the A&R Credit Facility (as such facility exists as of the Issue Date) or as such facility may be amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced (provided that no such amendment, restatement, modification, renewal, refunding agreement or replacement or refinancing agreement may be less favorable to the holders of the Notes with respect to the restrictions that apply to the Company's ability to dividend, distribute or otherwise pay cash to the Issuer).
''Excess Cash Flow Period'' means (a) initially, the period from the Issue Date to the last day of the quarter ending March 31, 2017 and (b) thereafter, each quarter ending March 31 and September 30 thereafter.
''Exchange Act'' means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar federal statute then in effect, and a reference to a particular section thereof shall be deemed to include a reference to the comparable section, if any, of any such similar federal statute.
''Existing Shareholder Loans'' means the pay-in-kind U.S. dollar-denominated and euro-denominated loans made available by the Ultimate Shareholder to the Issuer, which shall mature and be repaid by the Issuer on November 30, 2021, as amended and restated from time to time.
''Existing Shareholder Notes'' means the euro denominated varying rate subordinated notes due 2021 (originally issued in an aggregate principal amount of 78,588,101) and the dollar denominated varying rate subordinated notes due 2021 (originally issued in an aggregate principal amount of $35,058,579) issued by the Issuer and held by the Permitted Holders, as amended and restated from time to time.
''Existing Affiliate Agreements'' means any agreement as in effect on the Issue Date which is disclosed to holders of the Notes in the Offering Memorandum under the heading ''Related Party Transactions'' or any amendment or renewal thereto or any transaction contemplated thereby or in any replacement agreement thereto so long as any such amendment or renewal or replacement agreement is not more disadvantageous to the holders of Notes (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer in their reasonable and good faith judgment) in any material respect than the original agreement.
''Guarantee'' means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person and any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person:
(1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay, or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise); or
(2) entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part);
provided, however, that the term ''Guarantee'' will not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term ''Guarantee'' used as a verb has a corresponding meaning.
''Hedging Obligations'' of any Person means the obligations of such Person pursuant to any Interest Rate Agreement, Currency Agreement or Oil Commodities Contract.
''IFRS'' means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board and its predecessors as of the Issue Date.
''Incur'' means issue, create, assume, Guarantee, incur or otherwise become, contingently or otherwise, liable for; provided, however, that any Indebtedness of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) will be deemed to be incurred by such Restricted Subsidiary at the time it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; and the terms ''Incurred'' and ''Incurrence'' have meanings correlative to the foregoing. Indebtedness Incurred by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary and a Guarantee in
194

respect thereof, in each case otherwise permitted by the Indenture to be Incurred by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, shall not constitute separate Incurrences of Indebtedness.
''Indebtedness'' means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination (without duplication):
(1) the principal of and premium (if any) in respect of indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money;
(2) the principal of and premium (if any) in respect of obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments (excluding trade payables);
(3) the principal component of all obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments (including reimbursement obligations with respect thereto) (with the principal component of all obligations under any letters of credit, bankers' acceptances or other similar instruments being deemed to equal the maximum potential liability of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries thereunder), excluding letters of credit or similar instruments supporting trade payables in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue by 90 days or more or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted;
(4) the principal component of all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property or services (except trade payables), which purchase price is due more than six months after the date of placing such property in service or taking delivery and title thereto or the completion of such services;
(5) all Capitalized Lease Obligations and all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person;
(6) the amount of all obligations of such Person with respect to the redemption, repayment or other repurchase of any Disqualified Stock or, with respect to any Subsidiary, any Preferred Stock (but excluding, in each case, any accrued dividends);
(7) the principal component of all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person; provided, however, that the amount of such Indebtedness will be the lesser of (a) the fair market value of such asset at such date of determination and (b) the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Persons;
(8) the principal component of all Indebtedness of other Persons to the extent Guaranteed by such Person; and
(9) to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, net obligations of such Person under Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements and Oil Commodities Contracts (the amount of any such obligations to be equal at any time to the termination value of such agreement or arrangement giving rise to such obligation that would be payable by such Person at such time).
The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date will be the outstanding balance at such date of all unconditional obligations as described above and the maximum liability, upon the occurrence of the contingency giving rise to the obligation, of any contingent obligations at such date. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the maximum fixed repurchase price of any redeemable stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such redeemable stock or Preferred Stock as if such redeemable stock or Preferred Stock were repurchased on any date on which Indebtedness shall be required to be determined pursuant to the Indenture.
In addition, ''Indebtedness'' of any Person shall include Indebtedness described in the foregoing paragraph that would not appear as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person if:
(1) such Indebtedness is the obligation of a partnership or Joint Venture that is not a Restricted Subsidiary (a ''Partnership'');
(2) such Person or a Restricted Subsidiary is a general partner of the Partnership (a ''General Partner''); and
195

(3) there is recourse, by contract or operation of law, with respect to the payment of such Indebtedness to property or assets of such Person or a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person; and such Indebtedness shall be included in an amount not to exceed (a) the greater of (x) the net assets of the General Partner and (y) the amount of such obligations to the extent that there is recourse, by contract or operation of law, to the property or assets of such Person or a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person (other than the General Partner) or (b) if less than the amount determined pursuant to clause (a) immediately above, the actual amount of such Indebtedness that is recourse to such Person, if the Indebtedness is evidenced by a writing and is for a determinable amount and the related interest expense shall be included in Consolidated Interest Expense to the extent paid by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries.
''Intercreditor Agreement'' means the amended and restated intercreditor agreement effective on the Issue Date, entered into on February 3, 2016 between the agent for the A&R Credit Facility, the Trustee, the A&R Credit Facility Security Agent, the Security Agent and the other parties named therein, as amended, restated, modified, renewed or replaced from time to time.
''Interest Rate Agreement'' means, with respect to any Person, any interest rate protection agreement, interest rate future agreement, interest rate option agreement, interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedge agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement as to which such Person is party or a beneficiary.
''Investment'' means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of any direct or indirect advance, loan (other than advances to customers in the ordinary course of business) or other extension of credit (including by way of Guarantee or similar arrangement, but excluding any debt or extension of credit represented by a bank deposit other than a time deposit), or capital contribution to (by means of any transfer of cash or other property to others or any payment for property or services for the account or use of others), or any purchase or acquisition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other similar instruments issued by, such Person and all other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with IFRS; provided that the following shall not be deemed to be an Investment:
(1) Hedging Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business and in compliance with the Indenture;
(2) endorsements of negotiable instruments and documents in the ordinary course of business; and
(3) an acquisition of assets, Capital Stock or other securities by the Issuer for consideration consisting exclusively of common equity securities of the Issuer.
For purposes of the ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Restricted Payments'':
(1) ''Investment'' will include the portion (proportionate to the Issuer's equity interest in a Restricted Subsidiary to be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer at the time that such Restricted Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary, provided, however, that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Issuer will be deemed to continue to have a permanent ''Investment'' in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Issuer's ''Investment'' in such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation less (b) the portion (proportionate to the Issuer's equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary is so re-designated a Restricted Subsidiary, and
(2) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary will be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer, in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
If the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer sells or otherwise disposes of any Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer such that, after giving effect to any such sale or disposition, such entity is no longer a Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer shall be deemed to have
196

made an Investment on the date of any such sale or disposition equal to the fair market value of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary not sold or disposed of.
''Issue Date'' means May 9, 2016.
''Joint Venture'' means any joint venture entity, whether a company, unincorporated firm, undertaking, association, joint venture or partnership that is not a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in which the Issuer or any Subsidiary has an interest from time to time.
''Lien'' means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien, preference, priority, encumbrance or charge of any kind (including any conditional sale or option or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof or sale/leaseback), whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law.
''Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer'' has the meaning set out in ''Description of Notes-- Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer.''
''Minimum Required Balance'' means an amount equal to the amount required to cover one semi-annual Cash Interest payment on the Notes outstanding as of the end of the previous fiscal quarter, using the foreign exchange rates applicable as of the end of such previous quarter.
''Moody's'' means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and its successors.
''Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization'' means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.
''Net Available Cash'' from an Asset Disposition means cash payments received (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received, but excluding any other consideration received in the form of assumption by the acquiring Person of Indebtedness or other obligations relating to the properties or assets that are the subject of such Asset Disposition or received in any other non-cash form) therefrom, in each case net of:
(1) all legal, accounting, investment banking, title and recording tax expenses, commissions and other fees and expenses incurred, and all Federal, state, provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be paid or accrued as a liability under IFRS (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), as a consequence of such Asset Disposition;
(2) all payments made with respect to any Indebtedness which is secured by any assets subject to such Asset Disposition, in accordance with the terms of any Lien upon such assets, or which must by its terms, or in order to obtain a necessary consent to such Asset Disposition, or by applicable law, be repaid out of the proceeds from such Asset Disposition;
(3) all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in Subsidiaries or Joint Ventures as a result of such Asset Disposition; and
(4) appropriate amounts to be provided by the seller as a reserve, in accordance with IFRS, against any liabilities associated with the assets disposed of in such Asset Disposition and retained by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary after such Asset Disposition.
''Net Cash Proceeds'' with respect to any issuance or sale of Capital Stock, means the cash proceeds of such issuance or sale net of attorneys' fees, accountants' fees, underwriters' or placement agents' fees, discounts or commissions and brokerage, consultant and other fees actually incurred in connection with such issuance or sale and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such issuance or sale (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements).
''Non-Recourse Debt'' means Indebtedness:
(1) as to which neither the Issuer nor any Restricted Subsidiary (a) provides any Guarantee or credit support of any kind (including any undertaking, Guarantee, indemnity, agreement or instrument that would constitute Indebtedness) or (b) is directly or indirectly liable (as a guarantor or otherwise);
197

(2) no default with respect to which (including any rights that the holders thereof may have to take enforcement action against an Unrestricted Subsidiary) would permit (upon notice, lapse of time or both) any holder of any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to declare a default under such other Indebtedness or cause the payment thereof to be accelerated or payable prior to its Stated Maturity; and
(3) the explicit terms of which provide there is no recourse against any of the assets of the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries.
''Notes'' means the Notes to be issued under the Indenture on the Issue Date.
''Officer'' means the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, any Vice Chairman, the Chief Financial Officer or the Finance Director of the Issuer.
''Officer's Certificate'' means a certificate signed by two Officers or by an Officer and either an Assistant Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary of the Issuer.
''Oil Commodities Contract'' means, in respect of a Person, any option, futures or forward hedging contract, derivative instrument or other similar agreement designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in the price of crude oil, other feedstocks and refined petroleum products, as the case may be.
''Opinion of Counsel'' means a written opinion from legal counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be outside counsel to the Issuer.
''Parent'' means Moroncha Holdings Co. Limited and, as the case may be, any other Person of which the Issuer is or becomes a Subsidiary, including any holding companies established by any Permitted Holder for purposes of holding its investment in any Parent.
''Permitted Collateral Liens'' means Liens on the Collateral arising by operation of law that are described in one or more of clauses (2), (3), (8) and (10) of the definition of ''Permitted Liens'' and that, in each case, would not materially interfere with the ability of the Security Agent to enforce the Liens on the Collateral.
''Permitted Holders'' means Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi or any Related Party thereof.
''Permitted Investment'' means an Investment by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in:
(1) the Issuer, a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity) or a Person that will, upon the making of such Investment, become a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity); provided, however, that the primary business of such Restricted Subsidiary is a Related Business;
(2) another Person, if as a result of such Investment such other Person is merged or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys all or substantially all its assets to, the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity); provided, however, that such Person's primary business is a Related Business;
(3) cash and Cash Equivalents;
(4) receivables owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary trade terms;
(5) payroll, travel and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business;
(6) loans or advances to employees made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary and in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5.0 million at any time outstanding;
(7) loans or advances to employees the proceeds of which are used to purchase Capital Stock of the Issuer, in an aggregate amount not in excess of $3.0 million at any one time outstanding;
(8) stock, obligations or securities received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or in satisfaction
198

of judgments or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of a debtor or upon foreclosure actions in favor of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;
(9) Investments made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from an Asset Disposition that was made pursuant to and in compliance with the covenant described under ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Dispositions of Assets and Subsidiary Stock'';
(10) Investments in existence on the Issue Date;
(11) Investments by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in Persons other than the Parent or any Affiliate of the Parent (other than the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100.0 million outstanding at any one time (plus, to the extent not previously reinvested, any return of capital not previously realized made pursuant to this clause (11));
(12) Investments in Permitted Joint Venture Transactions in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $25 million;
(13) Investments by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in a Receivables Entity or any Investment by a Receivables Entity in any other Person, in each case, in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction (provided, however, that any Investment in any such Person is in the form of a Purchase Money Note), or any equity interest in receivables generated by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary and sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to any Person in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or any Person owning such receivables;
(14) Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements, Oil Commodities Contracts and related Hedging Obligations, which transactions or obligations are Incurred in compliance with ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness''; and
(15) prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection, and lease, utility, workers' compensation, performance and similar deposits, in each case, in the ordinary course of business.
''Permitted Joint Venture Transactions'' means any Joint Venture pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries subscribes for any shares, stock, securities or other interest, or transfers any assets; provided, however, that (i) the primary business of such Joint Venture is a Related Business and (ii) such Joint Venture is a limited liability company or is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary through a limited liability company which is itself a party to such Joint Venture.
''Permitted Liens'' means, with respect to any Person:
(1) pledges or deposits by such Person under workmen's compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation, or in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a party, or to secure public or statutory obligations of such Person or deposits or cash or United States or Swedish government bonds to secure bid, surety or appeal bonds to which such Person is a party, or for contested taxes or import or custom duties or for the payment of rent, in each case Incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(2) Liens imposed by law, including carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics' suppliers', materialmen and repairmen Liens and Liens in favor of customs authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods, in each case for sums not yet due or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, if a reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required by IFRS shall have been made in respect thereof;
(3) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet subject to penalties for non-payment or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings provided reserves required pursuant to IFRS have been taken on the books of the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries;
199

(4) Liens in favor of issuers of bid, surety or performance bonds or bankers' acceptances or letters of credit issued pursuant to the request of and for the account of such Person in the ordinary course of its business; provided, however, that such letters of credit do not constitute Indebtedness;
(5) encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights of way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real properties or liens incidental to the conduct of the business of such Person or to the ownership of its properties that were not Incurred in connection with Indebtedness and that do not in the aggregate materially adversely affect the value of said properties or materially impair their use in the operation of the business of such Person;
(6) Liens securing a Hedging Obligation, so long as the related Indebtedness is, and is permitted to be under the Indenture, secured by a Lien on the same property securing the Currency Agreement, Interest Rate Agreement or Oil Commodities Contract, as the case may be;
(7) leases and subleases of real property and equipment appurtenant thereto which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(8) judgment Liens not giving rise to an Event of Default so long as such Lien is adequately bonded and any appropriate legal proceedings which may have been duly initiated for the review of such judgment have not been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be initiated has not expired;
(9) Liens on assets or property of a Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose of securing the payment (or the refinancing of the payment) of all or a part of the purchase price of, or Capitalized Lease Obligations with respect to, assets or property acquired or constructed in the ordinary course of business provided that (x) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens is otherwise permitted to be Incurred under the Indenture and does not exceed the cost of the assets or property so acquired or constructed and (y) such Liens are created within 90 days of construction or acquisition of such assets or property and do not encumber any other assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary other than such assets or property and assets affixed or appurtenant thereto;
(10) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker's Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a depository institution; provided that (x) such deposit account is not a pledged cash collateral account and (y) such deposit account is not intended by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institution;
(11) Liens arising from filings or other methods of protection of interests regarding operating leases entered into by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;
(12) Liens existing on the Issue Date (other than Liens securing Indebtedness Incurred under Credit Facilities pursuant to clause (1) in the second paragraph of the covenant under ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'');
(13) Liens on property or shares of stock of a Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided, however, that such Liens are not created, incurred or assumed in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person becoming a Subsidiary; provided further, however, that any such Lien may not extend to any other property owned by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(14) Liens on property at the time the Issuer or a Subsidiary acquired the property, including any acquisition by means of a merger or consolidation with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that such Liens are not created, Incurred or assumed in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition; provided, further,
200

however, that such Liens may not extend to any other property owned by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;
(15) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of a Subsidiary owing to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity);
(16) Liens securing the Notes;
(17) Liens securing Refinancing Indebtedness permitted under the Indenture incurred to Refinance Indebtedness that was previously so secured, provided that (a) such Liens are not more restrictive than the Liens in respect of the Indebtedness being Refinanced and (b) any such Lien is limited to all or part of the same property or assets (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which the original Lien arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate;
(18) Liens arising out of consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;
(19) Liens on accounts receivable, inventory and related working capital assets of any Restricted Subsidiary, as well as Liens on the Capital Stock owned by the Issuer in the Company, in each case securing Indebtedness Incurred under Credit Facilities pursuant to clause (1) in the second paragraph of the covenant under ''--Certain Covenants-- Limitation on Indebtedness'';
(20) Liens for the purpose of securing the repayment of any Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary Incurred to finance Designated Capital Expenditures, provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens does not exceed the cost of the Designated Projects and (ii) such Indebtedness is Non-Recourse Debt and the Liens will not encumber any other assets or property of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the Designated Projects;
(21) Liens on property or assets of a Restricted Subsidiary sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to a Receivables Entity or on assets of a Receivables Entity, in either case Incurred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, provided that any Indebtedness Incurred in relation to such Qualified Receivables Financing is permitted to be Incurred under clause (13) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness''; and
(22) Liens securing Indebtedness, when taken together with all other Liens made pursuant to this clause (22) that are at the time outstanding, not in excess of $20.0 million,
provided, however, that ''Permitted Liens'' shall exclude any Liens on the Capital Stock owned by the Issuer in the Company other than those arising with respect to the Share Pledge.
''Person'' means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, jointstock company, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.
''Preferred Stock,'' as applied to the Capital Stock of any corporation, means Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) that is preferred as to the payment of dividends, or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such corporation, over shares of Capital Stock of any other class of such corporation.
''Public Debt'' means any Indebtedness consisting of bonds, debentures, notes or other similar debt securities issued in (1) a registered public offering or (2) a private placement to institutional investors, whether purchased for resale in accordance with Rule 144A or Regulation S under the Securities Act or otherwise and whether or not including registration rights entitling the holders of such debt securities to registration thereof for public resale.
''Purchase Money Note'' means a promissory note of a Receivables Entity evidencing the deferred purchase price of receivables from the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction with a Receivables Entity, which deferred purchase price is repayable from cash available to the Receivables Entity, other than amounts required to be established as reserves pursuant to agreements, amounts paid to investors in respect of interest,
201

principal and other amounts owing to such investors and amounts owing to such investors and amounts paid in connection with the purchase of newly generated receivables.
''Qualified Receivables Transaction'' means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of to (1) a Receivables Entity (in the case of a transfer by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and (2) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Entity), or may grant a security interest in, any receivables (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all collateral securing such receivables, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such receivables and the proceeds of such receivables which are customarily transferred, or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted, in connection with an asset securitization involving receivables.
''Receivables Entity'' means a Wholly Owned Subsidiary which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of receivables and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Issuer (as provided below) as a Receivables Entity,
(1) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations of which, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise:
(a) is guaranteed by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; or
(b) is recourse to any property or assets of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;
(2) with which neither the Issuer nor any Restricted Subsidiary has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding (except in connection with a Purchase Money Note or Qualified Receivables Transaction), other than on terms no less favorable to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Issuer; and
(3) to which neither the Issuer nor any Restricted Subsidiary has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity's financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results.
Any such designation of a Receivables Entity by the Board of Directors shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors giving effect to such designation and an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions.
''Receivables Fees'' means any fees or interest paid to purchasers or lenders providing the financing in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, factoring agreement or other similar agreement, including any such amounts paid by discounting the face amount of receivables or participations therein transferred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, factoring agreement or other similar arrangement, regardless of whether any such transaction is structured as on-balance sheet or off-balance sheet or through a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
''Refinancing Indebtedness'' means Indebtedness that is Incurred to refund, refinance, replace, renew or repay (including pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism) (collectively, ''refinance,'' ''refinances,'' and ''refinanced'' shall have a correlative meaning) any Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with the Indenture (including Indebtedness of the Issuer that refinances Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary) including Indebtedness that refinances Refinancing Indebtedness, provided, however, that:
(1) the Refinancing Indebtedness has a Stated Maturity no earlier than the Stated Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced;
(2) the Refinancing Indebtedness has an Average Life at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred that is equal to or greater than the Average Life of the Indebtedness being refinanced;
(3) such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred in an aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, an aggregate issue price) that is equal to or less than the sum
202

of the aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, the aggregate accreted value) then outstanding (plus accrued interest, fees and expenses, including the costs of refinancing and any premium and defeasance costs) of the Indebtedness being refinanced;
(4) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, replaced, defeased or refunded is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes to at least the same extent, and in the same manner, as the Indebtedness being refinanced, renewed, replaced, defeased or refunded; and
(5) in no case shall Refinancing Indebtedness include any Indebtedness that is Incurred to refinance Indebtedness existing on the Issue Date of a type described in clauses (5), (7), (9) or (10) under the second paragraph of ''--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness'' or a Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness.
''Related Business'' means, with respect to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (i) the business of the acquisition, processing, marketing, refining, storage and/or transportation of hydrocarbons and royalty or other interests in crude oil or associated products, (ii) the acquisition, operation, improvement, leasing and other use of retail service stations and attached or appurtenant convenience stores and other similar retail sales operations in connection therewith and (iii) any business that is the same as or reasonably related to any of the businesses of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Issue Date or reasonable extensions, developments or expansions thereof; provided that, it is expressly agreed and understood that the term ''Related Business'' shall include an expansion into other areas of the energy sector such as the transmission, marketing and sale of electricity, and, provided, further, that the term ''Related Business'' shall not include ''upstream'' exploration and production of crude oil or associated products except to the extent, and only to the extent, that the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries engages in such exploration and production on the Issue Date without any extension, development or expansion thereof.
''Related Business Assets'' means assets used or useful in a Related Business.
''Related Party'' with respect to any Permitted Holder means (A) any Subsidiary of such Permitted Holder or (B) any trust, corporation, partnership or other entity, the beneficiaries, stockholders, partners, owners or Persons beneficially holding a majority controlling interest of which consist of such Permitted Holder and/or such other Persons referred to in the immediately preceding clause (A).
''Required Balance'' means an amount equal to the amount required to cover two semi-annual Cash Interest payments on the Notes outstanding as of the end of the previous fiscal quarter, using the foreign exchange rates applicable as of the end of such previous fiscal quarter.
''Restricted Investment'' means any Investment that is not a Permitted Investment.
''Restricted Subsidiary'' means any Subsidiary of the Issuer other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
''S&P'' means Standard & Poor's Ratings Group and its successors.
''Sale/Leaseback Transaction'' means an arrangement relating to property now owned or hereafter acquired whereby the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary transfers such property to a Person (other than, in the case of a Restricted Subsidiary, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary) and the Issuer or a Subsidiary leases it from such Person.
''Securities Act'' means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar federal statute then in effect, and a reference to a particular section thereof shall be deemed to include a reference to the comparable section, if any, of any such similar federal statute.
''Share Pledge'' shall mean the pledge of all of the stock of the Issuer in favor of the Security Agent, for itself and for the Trustee and the holders of the Notes.
''Significant Subsidiary'' means any Subsidiary that would be a ''Significant Subsidiary'' of the Issuer within the meaning of Rule 1-02 under Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC.
''Special Redemption Price'' has the meaning set forth under ''--Optional Redemption.''
203

''Stated Maturity'' means, with respect to any security, the date specified in such security as the fixed date on which the payment of principal of such security is due and payable, not taking into account any contingent obligations to repay, redeem, or repurchase any such principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof.
''Subordinated Equity Cure Loan'' means Indebtedness (other than Public Debt) of the Issuer issued to and held by any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary) to cure a breach of a financial covenant of the A&R Credit Facility (or any other Credit Facility); provided, however, that such Subordinated Equity Cure Loan:
(1) does not mature or require any amortization, redemption or other repayment of principal or any sinking fund payment prior to the 181st day after the Stated Maturity of the Notes (other than through conversion or exchange of such Indebtedness into Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any Indebtedness meeting the requirements of this definition);
(2) does not require, prior to the 181st day after the Stated Maturity of the Notes, payment by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Cash Interest, cash withholding amounts or other cash gross-ups, or any similar cash amounts;
(3) contains no change of control or similar provisions and does not accelerate and has no right to declare a default or event of default or take any enforcement action or otherwise require any cash payment, in each case, prior to the 181st day after the Stated Maturity of the Notes;
(4) does not provide for or require any security interest or encumbrance over any asset of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; and
(5) is subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the Notes in any event including, without limitation, (a) a total or partial liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Issuer, (b) a bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding relating to the Issuer or its property, (c) an assignment for the benefit of creditors or (d) any marshalling of the Issuer's assets and liabilities.
''Subordinated Obligation'' means, with respect to the Issuer, any Indebtedness of the Issuer (whether outstanding on the Issue Date or thereafter Incurred) which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes pursuant to a written agreement, including, without limitation, any Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness and Subordinated Equity Cure Loans.
''Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness'' means, collectively, the Existing Shareholder Loans, the Existing Shareholder Notes or any funds provided to the Issuer by a Parent in exchange for or pursuant to any security or instrument other than Capital Stock, in each case, issued to and held by a Parent or a Permitted Holder, together with any such security or instrument and any other security or instrument other than Capital Stock issued in payment of any obligation under any Subordinated Shareholder Indebtedness, in each case, only to the extent (x) that such Existing Shareholder Loans, Existing Shareholder Notes and any such other security or instrument is issued to and held by a Parent or a Permitted Holder, and (y) that such Existing Shareholder Loans, Existing Shareholder Notes and any other such security or instrument:
(1) does not mature or require any amortization, redemption or other repayment of principal or any sinking fund payment prior to the 181st day following the Stated Maturity of the Notes (other than through conversion or exchange of such funding into Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any funding meeting the requirements of this definition);
(2) does not require, prior to the 181st day following the Stated Maturity of the Notes, payment of Cash Interest, cash withholding amounts or other cash gross-ups, or any similar cash amounts;
(3) contains no change of control or similar provisions and does not accelerate and has no right to declare a default or event of default or take any enforcement action or otherwise require any cash payment, in each case, prior to the 181st day following the Stated Maturity of the Notes;
204

(4) does not provide for or require any security interest or encumbrance over any asset of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; and
(5) pursuant to its terms is fully subordinated and junior in right of payment to the Notes pursuant to subordination, payment blockage and enforcement limitation terms which are customary in all material respects for similar funding.
''Subsidiary'' of any Person means any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (1) such Person, (2) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (3) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. Unless otherwise specified herein, each reference to a Subsidiary will refer to a Subsidiary of the Issuer.
''Substantial Disposition'' means any Asset Disposition of (1) the Collateral, (2) the shares of the Company, (3) all or substantially all of the property or assets comprising either of the refineries Preemraff Lysekil or Preemraff Gothenburg, or (4) all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Company.
''Successor Company'' has the meaning set forth under ''--Events of Default.''
''Swedish Government Obligations'' means any security that is a direct obligation of, or obligations guaranteed by, Kingdom of Sweden, and the payment for which the Kingdom of Sweden pledges its full faith and credit.
''Swedish Treasury Rate'' means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Kingdom of Sweden with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to May 15, 2019; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to May 15, 2019 is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of the Kingdom of Sweden for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Treasury Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Kingdom of Sweden for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to May 15, 2019 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Kingdom of Sweden adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used as determined by the Issuer.
''Unrestricted Subsidiary'' means:
(1) any Subsidiary of the Issuer that at the time of determination shall be designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Board of Directors of the Issuer in the manner provided below; and
(2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
The Board of Directors of the Issuer may designate any Subsidiary of the Issuer (including any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary or a Person becoming a Subsidiary through merger or consolidation or Investment therein) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary only if:
(1) such Subsidiary does not own any Capital Stock of, or own or hold any Lien on any property of, any other Subsidiary of the Issuer which is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated or otherwise an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
(2) all the Indebtedness of such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries shall, at the date of designation, and will at all times thereafter, consist of Non-Recourse Debt;
(3) the Issuer certifies that such designation complies with the limitations of the ''--Limitation on Restricted Payments'' covenant;
(4) such Subsidiary, either alone or in the aggregate with all other Unrestricted Subsidiaries, does not operate, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the business of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;
205

(5) such Subsidiary does not, directly or indirectly, own any Indebtedness of or Capital Stock of, and has no investments in, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; and
(6) such Subsidiary is a Person with respect to which neither the Issuer nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has any direct or indirect obligation (a) to subscribe for additional Capital Stock of such Person or (b) to maintain or preserve such Person's financial condition or to cause such Person to achieve any specified levels of operating results.
Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer giving effect to such designation and an Officer's Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions. If, at any time, any Unrestricted Subsidiary would fail to meet the foregoing requirements as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, it shall thereafter cease to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary for purposes of the Indenture and any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary shall be deemed to be Incurred as of such date. The Board of Directors of the Issuer may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof and the Issuer could incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness under the first paragraph of the ''--Limitation on Indebtedness'' covenant on a pro forma basis taking into account such designation.
''U.S. Government Obligations'' means any security that is a direct obligation of, or obligations guaranteed by, the United State of America, and the payment for which the United States of America pledges its full faith and credit.
''Voting Stock'' of a corporation means all classes of Capital Stock of such corporation then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors.
''Wholly Owned Subsidiary'' means a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, all of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors' qualifying shares) is owned by the Issuer or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary.
206

BOOK-ENTRY, SETTLEMENT AND CLEARANCE
General
Notes issued to Qualified Institutional Buyers pursuant to a private placement exemption under the Securities Act will be represented by Global Notes (as defined herein) in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ''Rule 144A Global Notes'') and Notes issued to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act will be represented by Global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ''Regulation S Global Notes'' and, together with the Rule 144A Global Notes, the ''Global Notes'').
Ownership of interests in the Rule 144A Global Notes (the ''Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests'') and ownership of interests in the Regulation S Global Notes (the ''Regulation S Book-Entry Interests'' and, together with the Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests, the ''Book-Entry Interests'') will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, in each case as applicable, or persons that hold interests through such participants.
Book-Entry, Delivery and Form
Regulation S Global Notes which are denominated in euro will be represented by one or more Global Notes in fully registered form without interest coupons (the ''Regulation S Euro Global Notes'') and will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the ''Common Depositary'') and registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Depositary. Rule 144A Global Notes which are denominated in euro will be represented by one or more Global Notes in fully registered form without interest coupons (the ''Rule 144A Euro Global Notes'') and will be deposited with the Common Depositary, and registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Depositary. The Rule 144A Euro Global Notes and the Regulation S Euro Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth herein and in the Indenture and will bear the legend regarding such restrictions set forth under ''Notice to Investors.''
Regulation S Global Notes which are denominated in Swedish krona will be represented by one or more Global Notes in fully registered form without interest coupons (the ''Regulation S Krona Global Notes'') and will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the ''Common Depositary'') and registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Depositary. Rule 144A Global Notes which are denominated in Swedish krona will be represented by one or more Global Notes in fully registered form without interest coupons (the ''Rule 144A Krona Global Notes'') and will be deposited with the Common Depositary, and registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Depositary. The Rule 144A Krona Global Notes and the Regulation S Krona Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth herein and in the Indenture and will bear the legend regarding such restrictions set forth under ''Notice to Investors.''
The Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold or delivered in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person unless such Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements thereunder is available (the ''Regulation S Legend'').
Prior to the expiration of the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date of the Notes (such period through and including such 40th day, the ''Distribution Compliance Period'') ownership of Regulation S Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests only upon receipt by the Trustee of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under ''Notice to Investors,'' and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction (a ''Rule 144A Transfer Certificate''). After the expiration of the relevant Distribution Compliance Period, such certification requirement will no longer apply to such transfers.
Book-Entry Interests in the Rule 144A Global Notes may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the Regulation S Global Notes only upon receipt by the Trustee of a written certification from the transferor (in the form provided in the Indenture) to
207

the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (a ''Regulation S Transfer Certificate'') and that, if such transfer occurs prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, the interest transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear or Clearstream. Any Book-Entry Interests in a Rule 144A Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in any other Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in such Global Note and will become a Book-Entry Interest in such other Global Note and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in such other Global Note for as long as it remains such an interest.
Except in the limited circumstances described below, owners of Book-Entry Interests in Global Notes will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes. Transfers of Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes will be subject to the applicable rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and their respective direct or indirect participants, which rules and procedures may change from time to time.
Global Notes
The following description of the operations and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream are provided solely as a matter of convenience. These operations and procedures are solely within the control of the respective settlement systems and are subject to changes by them from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Initial Purchasers take any responsibility for these operations and procedures and investors are urged to contact the systems or their participants directly to discuss these matters.
Upon the issuance of the Regulation S Euro Global Notes and the Rule 144A Euro Global Notes (collectively, the ''Euro Global Notes''), the Common Depositary will credit, on its internal system, the respective principal amount of the Book-Entry Interests represented by such Euro Global Note to the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream. Euroclear and Clearstream will credit, on their internal systems, the respective principal amounts of the individual Book-Entry Interests in such Euro Global Notes to the accounts of persons who have accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the Initial Purchasers. Ownership of Book-Entry Interests in the Euro Global Notes will be limited to participants or persons who hold interests through participants in Euroclear or Clearstream. Ownership of Book-Entry Interests in the Euro Global Notes will be shown on and the transfer of that ownership will be effective only through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream or their nominees (with respect to interests of participants) and the records of participants (with respect to interests of persons other than participants).
Upon the issuance of the Regulation S Krona Global Notes and the Rule 144A Krona Global Notes (collectively, the ''Krona Global Notes''), the Common Depositary will credit, on its internal system, the respective principal amount of the Book-Entry Interests represented by such Krona Global Note to the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream. Euroclear and Clearstream will credit, on their internal systems, the respective principal amounts of the individual Book-Entry Interests in such Krona Global Notes to the accounts of persons who have accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the Initial Purchasers. Ownership of Book-Entry Interests in the Krona Global Notes will be limited to participants or persons who hold interests through participants in Euroclear or Clearstream. Ownership of Book-Entry Interests in the Krona Global Notes will be shown on and the transfer of that ownership will be effective only through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream or their nominees (with respect to interests of participants) and the records of participants (with respect to interests of persons other than participants).
Payments of principal, premium if any, interest and Additional Amounts (as defined under ''Description of Notes''), if any, on the Euro Global Notes will be made by the Issuer in euros to the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent will, in turn, make such payments to the order of the Common Depositary or its nominee as the registered owner thereof. Payments of principal, premium if any, interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Krona Global Notes will be made by the Issuer in Swedish krona to the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent will, in turn, make such payments to the order of the Common Depositary or its nominee as the registered owner thereof.
208

Payments of all such amounts will be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature except as may be required by law. If any such deduction or withholding is required to be made by any applicable law or regulation of the Kingdom of Sweden or otherwise as described under ''Description of Notes--Withholding Taxes'' then, to the extent described under ''Description of Notes--Withholding Taxes'' such additional amounts will be paid as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by any holder of the Global Notes or owner of Book-Entry Interests after such withholding or deduction will equal the net amounts that such holder or owner would have otherwise received in respect of such Global Note or Book-Entry Interest, as the case may be, absent such withholding or deduction. We expect that payments by participants to owners of Book-Entry Interests held through those participants will be governed by standing customer instructions and customary practices. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Common Depositary nor any of their respective agents or nominees will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
The Issuer expects that the Common Depositary, in its capacity as paying agent, upon receipt of any payment of principal or interest in respect of a Global Note representing any Notes held by it or its nominee, will immediately credit the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, which in turn will immediately credit accounts of participants in Euroclear and Clearstream with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective Book-Entry Interests in the principal amount of such Global Note for such Notes as shown on the records of Euroclear and Clearstream. The Issuer also expects that payments by participants to owners of Book-Entry Interests in such Global Note held through such participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in ''street name.'' Such payments will be the responsibility of such participants.
Because Euroclear, Clearstream and any of their respective nominees can only act on behalf of their respective participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of a holder of a Book-Entry Interest in Global Notes to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear or Clearstream systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest may be limited by the lack of a definitive certificate for such interest. The laws of some countries and some U.S. states require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Book-Entry Interests in a Global Note to such persons may be limited.
Transfers of interests in Euro Global Notes and Krona Global Notes between participants in Euroclear and Clearstream will be effected in the ordinary way in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures.
Euroclear and Clearstream have advised us that they will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Notes (including the presentation of Notes for exchange as described below) only at the direction of one or more participants to whose account with Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. However, if there is an Event of Default (as defined in the Description of Notes) under the Notes, Euroclear and Clearstream reserve the right to exchange the Global Notes for legended Notes in definitive form, and to distribute such Notes to their respective participants.
Information Concerning Euroclear and Clearstream
Euroclear and Clearstream have advised us as follows: Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for their account holders and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders, thereby eliminating the need for physical movements of certificates and any risk from lack of simultaneous transfers of securities.
Euroclear and Clearstream each provide various services, including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream each also deal with domestic securities
209

markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. The respective systems of Euroclear and Clearstream have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective account holders may settle trades with each other.
Account holders in both Euroclear and Clearstream are worldwide financial institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to both Euroclear and Clearstream is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.
An account holder's overall contractual relations with either Euroclear or Clearstream is governed by the respective rules and operating procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream and any applicable laws. Both Euroclear and Clearstream act under such rules and operating procedures only on behalf of their respective account holders, and have no record of, or relationship with, persons holding through their respective account holders.
Although Euroclear and Clearstream currently follow the foregoing procedures to facilitate transfers of interests in Global Notes among participants of Euroclear and Clearstream, they are under no obligation to do so, and such procedures may be discontinued or modified at any time. Neither the Issuer , the Initial Purchasers, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent nor any of their respective agents will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear or Clearstream or their respective participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.
Definitive Notes
Book-Entry Interests representing the Global Notes may also be exchanged for Definitive Notes upon prior written notice given to the Trustee by or on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream in accordance with the Indenture. If any depositary is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for the Notes for the reasons set forth below, the Issuer will issue certificates for such Notes in definitive, fully registered, non-global form without interest coupons in exchange for the applicable Global Notes. Certificates for Notes delivered in exchange for any Global Note or Book-Entry Interests therein will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by Euroclear, Clearstream or the Common Depositary (in accordance with their customary procedures).
As long as the Common Depositary, or any of its nominees, is the registered holder of a Global Note, the Common Depositary or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by such Global Notes for all purposes under the Indenture and the Notes. Unless (1) in the case of a Euro Global Note or a Krona Global Note, Euroclear and Clearstream notify the Issuer they are unwilling or unable to continue as clearing agency, (2) in the case of a Euro Global Note or a Krona Global Note, the Common Depositary notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Common Depositary and a successor Common Depositary is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days of such notice, (3) in the case of either the Euro Global Notes or the Krona Global Notes, we, at our option, notify the relevant trustee that we elect to cause the issuance of Definitive Notes in registered form for all, but not a part of, the Global Notes and (4) in the case of any Global Note, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Note, owners of Book-Entry Interests in such Global Note will not be entitled to have any portions of such Global Note registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in definitive form and will not be considered the owners or holders of such Global Note (or any Notes represented thereby) under the Indenture or the Notes. In addition, no beneficial owners of any Book-Entry Interest in a Global Note will be able to transfer that interest except in accordance with Euroclear's and Clearstream's applicable procedures (in addition to those under the Indenture).
Certificates for non-global Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note (or any portion thereof) will bear the applicable restrictive legend referred to under ''Notice to Investors'' and certificates for non-global Notes issued in exchange for a Regulation S Global Note (or any portion thereof) will bear the Regulation S Legend (in each case unless the Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with applicable law). The holder of a non-global Note may transfer such Note, subject to compliance with the provisions of the applicable legend, by surrendering it at the office or agency maintained by the Issuer for such purpose, which initially will be the offices of the Trustee or, in the case of Euro Notes, to the relevant transfer agent. Upon the transfer, change or
210

replacement of any Note bearing a legend, or upon specific request for removal of a legend on a Note, the Issuer will deliver only Notes that bear such legend, or will refuse to remove such legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of counsel, as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that neither such legend nor any restrictions on transfers set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. Before any Note in non-global form may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in any Global Note, the transferor will be required to provide the Trustee with a Rule 144A Transfer Certificate or a Regulation S Transfer Certificate, as the case may be. Upon transfer or partial redemption of any Note, new certificates may be obtained from the Trustee or from the relevant transfer agent.
In the event of a partial transfer of a holding represented by one certificate, or partial redemption of a holding represented by one certificate, (1) a new certificate will be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred or redeemed and (2) a further new certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred or redeemed will be issued to the transferor. After a holder has duly surrendered a definitive note for transfer, the Trustee or the transfer agent will register the transfer and deliver a new definitive note (of a like principal amount to that of the definitive note so transferred) to the transferee at the offices of the Trustee. Each new certificate to be issued will be available for delivery within ten business days at the office of the Trustee. The Issuer will pay the costs of preparing, printing, packaging and delivering the Definitive Notes.
Notwithstanding any statement herein, the Issuer and the Trustee reserve the right to impose such transfer, certification, exchange or other requirements, and to require such restrictive legends on certificates evidencing Notes, as they may determine are necessary to ensure compliance with the securities laws of the United States and any state therein and any other applicable laws or as Euroclear or Clearstream may require.
To the extent permitted by law, we, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent and the Registrar shall be entitled to treat the registered holder of any Global Note as the absolute owner thereof and no person will be liable for treating the registered holder as such. Ownership of the Global Notes will be evidenced through registration from time to time at the registered office of the Issuer, and such registration is a means of evidencing title to the Notes.
Special Timing Considerations You should be aware that investors will only be able to make and receive deliveries, payments
and other communications involving Euro Notes or Krona Notes through Clearstream and Euroclear on days when those systems are open for business. Those systems may not be open for business on days when banks, brokers and other institutions are open for business in the United States. In addition, because of time-zone differences, there may be problems with completing transactions involving Clearstream and Euroclear on the same business day as in the United States.
U.S. investors who wish to transfer their interests in the Euro Notes or the Krona Notes, or to receive or make a payment or delivery of Notes, on a particular day, may find that the transactions will not be performed until the next business day in Luxembourg or Brussels, depending on whether Clearstream or Euroclear is used.
211

TAX CONSIDERATIONS
U.S. Federal Income Taxation
The following summary describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposal of Notes by U.S. Holders (as defined below) who purchase Notes in this offering at their ''issue price'' (i.e., the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes of the applicable series is sold for money to investors (not including bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers)). This summary only addresses U.S. federal income tax considerations of U.S. Holders that will hold the Notes as capital assets (within the meaning of Section 1221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ''Code'')). It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Notes. In particular, this summary does not address the Medicare tax on net investment income and does not address tax considerations applicable to U.S. Holders that may be subject to special tax rules including, without limitation, the following: (i) financial institutions; (ii) insurance companies; (iii) dealers or traders in securities or currencies; (iv) tax-exempt entities; (v) persons that will hold Notes as part of a ''hedging'' or ''conversion'' transaction or as a position in a ''straddle'' or as part of a ''synthetic security'' or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (vi) persons that have a ''functional currency'' other than the U.S. dollar; (vii) regulated investment companies; (viii) tax-deferred accounts; (ix) S corporations; (x) partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes or investors in such entities; (xi) real estate investment trusts; (xii) taxpayers subject to the alternative minimum tax; and (xiii) persons that have ceased to be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States and entities subject to the U.S. anti-inversion rules. Furthermore, this summary does not address U.S. federal estate and gift tax consequences or state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences.
This summary is based on the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative interpretations thereof as of the date of this offering memorandum. All of the foregoing are subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the tax consequences described below. The Issuer has not sought, and will not seek, any rulings from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the ''IRS'') regarding the matters discussed below. There can be no assurance that the IRS will not take positions concerning the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal of Notes that are different from those discussed below. For purposes of this summary, a ''U.S. Holder'' is a beneficial owner of a Note that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (iv) a trust if (1) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) the trust was in existence on August 20, 1996, and has properly elected to continue to be treated as a U.S. person.
If any entity treated as a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds Notes, the tax treatment of a partner in or owner of the partnership or other pass-through entity will generally depend upon the status of the partner or owner and the activities of the partner or owner and the entity. Partnerships or other pass-through entities, and holders that are a partner in or owner of a partnership or other pass-through entity, that are considering holding Notes should consult their own tax advisors.
Each prospective investor should consult its own independent tax advisor with respect to the U.S. federal (including income, estate and gift), state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes.
Characterization of the Notes
The Issuer has not and will not seek a ruling from the IRS as to the characterization of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent relevant for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as indebtedness for such purposes and this discussion assumes that treatment is correct. No assurance can be given that the IRS will not
212

assert, or a court would not sustain, a position regarding the characterization of the Notes that is contrary to this discussion. If the IRS were to successfully challenge the characterization of the Notes as indebtedness, the timing, amount and character of income inclusions on the Notes may be affected. Prospective investors should seek advice from their own tax advisors as to the consequences to them of alternative characterizations of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Additional Payments, Etc.
In certain circumstances (see ''Description of Notes--Change of Control,'' ''Description of Notes--Withholding Taxes'' and ''Description of Notes--Optional Redemption''), the Issuer may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of stated interest or principal on the Notes.
Because of the possibility of such payments, subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may be treated as ''contingent payment debt instruments,'' in which case the timing and amount of income inclusions and the character of income recognized may be different from the consequences discussed herein. Although the issue is not free from doubt, the Issuer intends to take the position that the possibility of such additional payments being made on the Notes is remote or incidental under applicable Treasury regulations. Therefore, the Issuer does not intend to treat the potential payment of additional interest or the potential payment of a premium pursuant to the optional redemption or change of control provisions as part of the yield to maturity of the Notes and does not intend to treat the Notes as contingent payment debt instruments as a result of these provisions.
Moreover, with respect to each series of Notes, in certain situations the Issuer has the right to pay interest in kind rather than in cash, and the interest rate for any PIK Interest is higher than the rate for Cash Interest as described under ''Description of Notes--Interest.'' The potential payment of PIK Interest on the Notes may again cause application of the contingent payment debt instrument rules. According to the applicable Treasury regulations, however, certain contingencies will not cause a debt instrument to be treated as a contingent payment debt instrument if they require payments under one or more alternative payment schedules, the timing and amount of the payments under all payment schedules are known as of the issue date, and one payment schedule is significantly more likely than not to occur. The Issuer intends to take the position that the contingencies relating to the Notes described in ''Description of Notes--Interest'' provide for payments under alternative payment schedules, that the timing and amount of payments under such schedules are known as of the Issue Date, and that the stated payment schedule (that is, the schedule under which no PIK Interest is paid on the Notes and the Notes remain outstanding until their maturity dates) is significantly more likely than not to occur. Therefore, the Issuer does not intend to treat any of the Notes as contingent payment debt instruments as the result of its right to pay PIK Interest in certain circumstances.
Finally, in certain situations (see ''Description of Notes -- Mandatory Excess Cash Flow Offer''), the Issuer may be obligated to make an offer to repurchase for cash all or a portion of the Notes at par plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. If such an offer is made and accepted by a holder, such holder's yield with respect to repurchased Notes would likely change. Based on the Issuer's expectations about the likelihood of being required to make such an offer or offers, and the timing and amount of such offer or offers if made, although the issue is not free from doubt, the Issuer intends to take the position that the possibility of such repurchase or repurchases is a contingency that is remote or incidental under applicable Treasury regulations. Therefore, the Issuer does not intend to treat the Notes as contingent payment debt instruments as a result of these provisions.
The Issuer's determination that none of the Notes are contingent payment debt instruments is binding on a U.S. Holder, unless such U.S. Holder explicitly discloses to the IRS on its tax return for the year during which it acquires the Notes that it is taking a different position. However, the Issuer's position is not binding on the IRS. If the IRS takes a contrary position to that described above, a U.S. Holder may be required to accrue interest income on the Notes based upon a ''comparable yield,'' regardless of such holder's method of accounting. The comparable yield is the yield at which the Issuer would issue a fixed-rate debt instrument with no contingent payments, but with terms and conditions similar to those of the Notes of the applicable series. In addition, any gain on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of the Notes
213

would be recharacterized as ordinary income. U.S. Holders of the Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Notes being treated as contingent payment debt instruments. The remainder of this discussion assumes that the Notes will not be treated as contingent payment debt instruments.
Original Issue Discount
Because interest on the Notes is not unconditionally payable in cash at least annually, the Notes of each series will be considered to be issued with original issue discount (''OID''). The amount of OID for the Notes of each series will equal the excess of their ''stated redemption price at maturity'' (the sum of all payments of interest and principal to be made on such Notes) over their ''issue price'' (as defined above). In determining the sum of all payments to be made on each series of Notes, the stated payment schedule whereby only Cash Interest is paid will be followed.
Under the rules governing OID, regardless of a U.S. Holder's method of accounting, a U.S. Holder will be required to accrue its pro rata share of OID on the Notes on a constant yield basis (subject to adjustments for any ''change in circumstances'' for all Notes as described below) and include such accruals in gross income, whether or not such U.S. Holder receives a cash payment of interest on the Notes on the scheduled interest payment dates. The amount of OID that a U.S. Holder is required to include in income with respect to a Note for a taxable year is the sum of the ''daily portions'' of OID with respect to the Note for each day during such taxable year or portion of such taxable year on which the U.S. Holder is the beneficial owner of the Note. The daily portions of OlD with respect to a Note are determined by allocating to each day in an ''accrual period'' the ratable portion of OID on the Note allocated to the accrual period. The accrual period for a Note may be of any length and may vary in length over the term of the Note, provided that each accrual period is no longer than one year and that each scheduled payment of interest or principal occurs on the first or final day of an accrual period.
The amount of OID on a Note that is allocated to an accrual period is the product of the ''yield to maturity'' on the Note (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and adjusted to reflect the length of the accrual period) and the ''adjusted issue price'' of the Note (determined as described below) at the beginning of such accrual period. The yield to maturity is the discount rate that, when used in computing the present value of all payments to be made under the Notes (applying the assumptions described above), produces an amount equal to their issue price. The ''adjusted issue price'' of a Note will be its issue price, increased by any OID previously accrued and reduced by cash payments previously made on the Note.
As noted above under ''--Additional Payments, Etc.,'' the Issuer is taking the position that it is significantly more likely than not that it will not pay PIK Interest with respect to any of the Notes and that they will remain outstanding until their maturity dates. Consequently, the Treasury regulations require the Issuer to assume, for purposes of determining the amount of OID required to be included in income by each U.S. Holder, that it will pay interest on the Notes entirely in cash. This assumption is made solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes and does not constitute a representation by the Issuer regarding the elections that it w ill make regarding the payment of Cash Interest rather than PIK Interest in the event the payment of PIK Interest is permitted. If the Issuer in fact pays interest on the Notes entirely in cash, a U.S. Holder will not be required to adjust its OID inclusions.
Each payment made in cash under a Note will be treated first as a payment of any accrued OID that has not been allocated to prior payments and second as a payment of principal. A U.S. Holder generally will not be required to include separately in income cash payments received on the Notes to the extent such payments constitute payments of previously accrued OID or payments of principal, unless the U.S. Holder is required to recognize foreign currency exchange gain or loss with respect to the Notes, as described below. If the assumptions that the Issuer is making are contrary to actual circumstances (i.e., the Issuer is permitted to and elects to pay PIK Interest on the Notes on an interest payment date, giving rise to a ''change in circumstances''), then solely for the purposes of determining the amount of OID on the Notes, the Notes will be treated as retired and reissued on the date of the change in circumstances for an amount equal to their adjusted issue price, and the yield to maturity on the Notes will be redetermined. The Note of any series, together with any PIK Payment or any PIK Notes issued in respect of PIK Interest thereon, are treated as a single debt instrument under the OID rules.
214

For a given series of Notes, OID will be determined for each accrual period in the applicable foreign currency, and then translated into U.S. dollars. A U.S. Holder may make such translation in accordance with either of two methods. Under the first method, the U.S. Holder will be required to include in income for each taxable year the U.S. dollar value of the OID that has accrued during such year, determined by translating such OID at the average rate of exchange for the period during which such OID accrued (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). Under the second method, a U.S. Holder may elect to translate OID at the spot rate on:
 the last day of the accrual period;
 the last day of the taxable year if the accrual period straddles the holder's taxable year; or
 the date the cash payment attributable to such OID is received if such date is within five business days of the end of the accrual period.
This election will apply to all debt obligations a U.S. Holder holds from year to year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the advisability of making the above election.
OID on the Notes will be ordinary income and will generally constitute foreign source passive category income (for foreign tax credit purposes). A U.S. Holder will recognize U.S. source ordinary gain or loss when OID is paid (including, upon the sale of a Note, the receipt of proceeds that include amounts attributable to OID previously included in income) to the extent of the difference between the U.S. dollar value of such payment (determined by translating the foreign currency received at the spot rate on the date such payment is received) and the U.S. dollar value of the previously accrued OID (determined in the manner described above), regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. For this purpose, all payments on the Notes generally will be viewed first as the payment of previously accrued OID, with payments considered made for the earliest accrual periods first, and thereafter as the payment of principal.
The rules regarding OID are complex and the rules described above may not apply in all cases. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding their application.
If any foreign withholding taxes are imposed on payments on the Notes, the amount withheld (as well as any Additional Amounts paid in respect thereof) will be included in the U.S. Holder's gross income in accordance with such holder's method of accounting. Any such foreign withholding taxes may be eligible for the foreign tax credit. A U.S. Holder will not, however, be allowed to claim foreign tax credits (but would instead be allowed a deduction, provided the U.S. Holder elects to deduct rather than credit all foreign income taxes paid or accrued for the relevant taxable year) for foreign taxes imposed on income with respect to the Notes unless the U.S. Holder (i) holds such Notes for more than 15 days during the 31-day period beginning at the date that is 15 days before the right to receive payment arises (disregarding any period during which the U.S. Holder has a diminished risk of loss with respect to such Notes), and (ii) is not under an obligation to make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the foreign tax credit implications of any foreign withholding taxes imposed on payments on the Notes.
Sale, Exchange, Redemption, Retirement or Other Taxable Dispositions of the Notes
Upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposal of a Note, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized on such disposal (including any amounts received in respect of accrued and unpaid OID) and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Note.
A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis generally will be the amount paid for the Note, increased by the amount of any OID previously included in income up through the date of such disposal and reduced by the amount of any prior payments of Cash Interest on the Note. If a U.S. Holder uses foreign currency to purchase a Note, the amount paid for the Note will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency purchase price at the exchange rate on the date of purchase; provided that, if the Notes of the applicable series are traded on an established securities market, a cash basis taxpayer (and if it elects, an accrual basis taxpayer) will determine the amount paid at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date.
215

The amount realized on the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other disposal of a Note for an amount of foreign currency generally will be the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency based on the spot rate of exchange on the date the Note is disposed of; provided, however, that if the Notes of the applicable series are traded on an established securities market, a cash basis taxpayer (and if it elects, an accrual basis taxpayer) will determine the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency by translating such amount at the spot rate on the settlement date of the disposal. If an accrual method taxpayer makes the election described above, such election must be applied consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. If the Notes of the applicable series are not traded on an established securities market (or, if the Notes are so traded, but a U.S. Holder is an accrual basis taxpayer that has not made the settlement date election), a U.S. Holder will recognize foreign currency gain or loss (generally taxable as U.S. source ordinary income or loss) upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other disposal of the Notes to the extent that the U.S. dollar value of any foreign currency received (based on the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date) differs from the U.S. dollar value of the amount realized based on the spot rate on the disposal date.
Except as discussed below with respect to foreign currency gain or loss on a Note attributable to currency fluctuations, any gain or loss realized by a U.S. Holder on the disposal of a Note will be U.S. source capital gain or loss and will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the Note has been held for more than one year at the time of the disposal of the Note. For certain non-corporate holders (including individuals), any such long-term capital gain may be eligible for U.S. federal income tax at preferential rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
If in permitted circumstances the Issuer exercises its option to pay any PIK Interest by issuing PIK Notes, although not free from doubt, a U.S Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note should be allocated between the original Note and any PIK Notes in proportion to their relative principal amounts. A U.S. Holder's holding period in any PIK Notes would likely be identical to such holder's holding period for the original Note with respect to which the PIK Notes were received.
Gain or loss realized upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposal of a Note that is attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates with respect to the principal amount of such Note will generally be treated as U.S. source ordinary income or loss which will not be treated as an adjustment to interest income. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates with respect to the principal amount of such Note generally will equal the difference between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder's purchase price (in foreign currency) for the Note, determined using the spot rate of exchange on the date the Note is retired or disposed of, and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder's purchase price (in foreign currency) for the Note, determined using the spot exchange rate on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note (or, in each case, determined using the spot rate on the settlement date if the applicable series of Notes is traded on an established securities market and the holder is either a cash basis or an electing accrual basis holder). In addition, upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposal of a Note, a U.S. Holder may realize foreign currency exchange gain or loss attributable to amounts received with respect to accrued OID, which will be treated as discussed above under ''--Original Issue Discount.'' The foreign currency gain or loss with respect to both principal and OID will be recognized only to the extent of the total gain or loss realized by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other disposal of the Note.
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the foreign tax credit implications of the sale or other disposition of the Notes.
Exchange of Foreign Currencies
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in any foreign currency received as payments on a Note on or upon the sale or other disposal of a Note will be the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency at the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt. Any gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder on a subsequent sale, exchange or other disposal of such foreign currency will be ordinary income or loss and generally will be U.S. source income or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes.
216

Foreign Financial Asset Reporting
Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals, corporations or trusts, and certain ''domestic partnerships'' may be required to report information relating to an interest in the Notes (generally on an IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets)), subject to certain exceptions (including an exception for Notes held in an account maintained by certain financial institutions). If a U.S. Holder fails to report information required under this legislation, the U.S. Holder could become subject to substantial penalties. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of this legislation on their ownership and disposition of the Notes.
Tax Return Disclosure Requirements
Certain U.S. Treasury regulations meant to require the reporting of certain tax shelter transactions cover transactions generally not regarded as tax shelters, including certain foreign currency transactions giving rise to losses that equal or exceed a certain threshold. Persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult with their own tax advisors to determine the tax return disclosure obligations, if any, with respect to an investment in the Notes or the disposal of foreign currencies, including any requirement to file IRS Form 8886 (Reportable Transaction Disclosure Statement).
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting
Information reporting requirements may apply to certain payments to U.S. Holders of interest on the Notes, accruals of OID and to the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other disposal (including a retirement or redemption) of a Note. Backup withholding may be required with respect to payments described in the preceding sentence if the U.S. Holder fails to (i) furnish the U.S. Holder's correct taxpayer identification number, (ii) certify that such U.S. Holder is not subject to backup withholding or (iii) otherwise comply with the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. Certain U.S. Holders (including, among others, certain corporations) are not subject to the backup withholding and information reporting requirements. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules from a payment to a U.S. Holder generally may be claimed as a credit against such U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and any excess may result in a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX DISCUSSION SET FORTH ABOVE IS INCLUDED FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE DEPENDING UPON A HOLDER'S PARTICULAR SITUATION. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, ESTATE, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. OR OTHER TAX LAWS.
Swedish Taxation
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does thus not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies. Specific tax consequences may also apply when Notes are held by partnerships and as trading assets in a business. Such tax consequences are not described below. Neither does the summary cover Notes which are placed on an investment savings account (Sw: Investeringssparkonto) or held via a capital insurance policy (Sw: Kapitalforsakring). Investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular situation.
217

Non-resident holders of Notes
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organized under the laws of Sweden.
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes.
Individuals who are not resident in the Kingdom of Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in the Kingdom of Sweden or have lived permanently in the Kingdom of Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the 10 calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. Taxation may, however, be limited by an applicable tax treaty.
Resident holders of Notes
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organized under the laws of Sweden.
Generally, for Swedish corporations and individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are resident holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. A capital gain or capital loss is calculated as the difference between the sales proceeds, after deduction for sales expenses, and the acquisition cost for tax purposes. The acquisition cost for all Notes of the same kind is determined according to the ''average method'' (Sw: genomsnittsmetoden).
An individual's capital income such as capital gains and interest is subject to a 30 per cent. tax rate. Limited liability companies and other legal entities are taxed on all income, including capital gains and interest, as business income at the tax rate of 22 per cent.
Losses on listed Notes (Sw: marknadsnoterade fordringsrtter) should generally be fully deductible for limited liability companies and for individuals in the capital income category. Certain deduction limitations may apply for individuals and limited liability companies with respect to losses on financial instruments deemed share equivalents (Sw: delgarrtter) for Swedish tax purposes, not described further herein.
A foreign exchange gain on the Notes is taxable and a foreign exchange loss is tax deductible. For individuals the calculation of a foreign exchange gain or loss is calculated together with the calculation of a gain or loss on the Notes at disposal. For limited liability companies and other legal entities a foreign exchange gain or loss may be taxed yearly based on the value at closing date rate at year end, if not effectively hedged, under a special rule not described further herein.
If the Notes are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB or held by a Swedish nominee in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479), Swedish preliminary taxes at a rate of 30% are withheld by Euroclear Sweden AB or by the nominee on payments of amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to an individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) that is a resident holder of any Notes.
Savings Directive
On June 3, 2003, the Savings Directive was adopted. Under the Savings Directive, each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest, premium or other debt income made by a ''paying agent'' located within its jurisdiction to or for the benefit of an individual resident in that other Member State or to certain limited types of entities (the ''Disclosure of Information Method''). The term ''paying agent'' is defined widely and includes any economic operator who is responsible for making interest payments for the immediate benefit of the beneficial owner. However, for a transitional period, Austria, instead of using the Disclosure of Information Method, is required to withhold tax at a rate
218

of thirty-five (35) per cent on interest payments, unless the relevant beneficial owner properly elects that certain provision of information procedures should be applied instead. A number of non-EU countries and dependent or associated territories have adopted similar measures based on the Savings Directive.
By a Directive adopted on November 10, 2015, the Council of the European Union repealed the Savings Directive generally for payments made after December 31, 2015 (subject to ongoing requirements to fulfill administrative obligations such as the reporting and exchange of information relating to, and accounting for withholding taxes on, payments made before that date). Austria's requirement to withhold tax under the Savings Directive, however, will continue for most interest payments made through the end of December 31, 2016. The Savings Directive has been repealed in order to prevent overlap between it and the automatic exchange of information regime based on the ''Common Reporting Standard'' released by the OECD Council in July 2014. This new regime is to be implemented effective January 1, 2016, under Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation (as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU).
219

NOTICE TO INVESTORS
The Issuer has not registered the Notes under the Securities Act and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Notes are only to be offered and sold to:
 QIBs in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act; and
 in offers and sales that occur outside the United States to foreign purchasers, that is, purchasers who are not U.S. persons.
The term ''foreign purchasers'' includes dealers or other professional fiduciaries in the United States acting on a discretionary basis for foreign beneficial owners, other than an estate or trust, in offshore transactions meeting the requirements of Rule 903 of Regulation S. We use the terms ''offshore transaction,'' ''U.S. person'' and ''United States'' with the meanings given to them in Regulation S.
If you purchase Notes, you will be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows:
(1) You understand and acknowledge that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws and that the Notes are being offered for resale in transactions not requiring registration under the Securities Act or any other securities laws, including sales pursuant to Rule 144A, and, unless so registered, may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except in compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to an exemption therefrom, or in a transaction not subject thereto, and in each case in compliance with the conditions for transfer set forth in paragraph (4) below.
(2) You are not our ''affiliate'' (as defined in Rule 144), you are not acting on our behalf and you are either:
(a) a QIB and are aware that any sale of these Notes to you will be made in reliance on Rule 144A and such acquisition will be for your own account or for the account of another QIB; or
(b) not a ''U.S. person'' as defined in Regulation S or purchasing for the account or benefit of a U.S. person (other than a distributor) and you are purchasing Notes in an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S.
(3) You acknowledge that neither the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers nor any person representing the Issuer or the Initial Purchasers has made any representation to you with respect to the Issuer or the offer or sale of any of the Notes, other than the information contained in this offering memorandum, which offering memorandum has been delivered to you and upon which you are relying in making your investment decision with respect to the Notes. You acknowledge that the Initial Purchasers make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this offering memorandum. You have had access to such financial and other information concerning us and the Notes, including an opportunity to ask questions of, and request information from, the Issuer and the Initial Purchasers.
(4) You are purchasing Notes for your own account, or for one or more investor accounts for which you are acting as a fiduciary or agent, in each case for investment, and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act, subject to any requirement of law that the disposition of your property or the property of such investor account or accounts be at all times within your or their control and subject to your or their ability to resell such Notes pursuant to Rule 144A, Regulation S or any other available exemption from registration available under the Securities Act. You agree on your own behalf and on behalf of any investor account for which you are purchasing the Notes, and each subsequent holder of these Notes by its acceptance thereof will agree, to offer, sell or otherwise transfer such Notes prior to (x) the date which is one year (or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereunder) after the later of the date of the original issue of these Notes and the last date on which the Issuer or any of its affiliates
220

were the owner of such Notes (or any predecessor thereto) or (y) such later date, if any, as may be required by applicable law (the ''Resale Restriction Termination Date'') only:
(a) to us;
(b) pursuant to a registration statement which has been declared effective under the Securities Act;
(c) for so long as the Notes are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A, to a person you reasonably believe is a QIB that purchases for its own account or for the account of another QIB to whom you give notice that the transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A;
(d) pursuant to offers and sales to non-U.S. persons occurring outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S; or
(e) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act,
subject in each of the foregoing cases to any requirement of law that the disposition of the seller's property or the property of an investor account or accounts be within the seller or account's control, and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws.
The foregoing restrictions on resale will not apply subsequent to the Resale Restriction Termination Date. You acknowledge that the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar reserve the right prior to any offer, sale or other transfer of the Notes pursuant to clause (d) above prior to the end of the 40-day distribution compliance period within the meaning of Regulation S or pursuant to clause (e) above prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date of the Notes to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to us, the Trustee and the Registrar.
Each purchaser acknowledges that each Note will contain a legend substantially in the following form:
''THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ''U.S. SECURITIES ACT''), OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION UNLESS THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT.
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A ''QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER'' (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT) OR (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN ''OFFSHORE TRANSACTION'' PURSUANT TO RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT, (2) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT PRIOR TO (X) THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF (OR OF ANY PREDECESSOR OF THIS NOTE) OR THE LAST DAY ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WERE THE OWNERS OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF THIS NOTE) AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW (THE ''RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE''), OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO THE ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A ''QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER'' AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES
221

ACT, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE AND THE REGISTRAR SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (D) PRIOR TO THE END OF THE 40-DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (E) PRIOR TO THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE TO REQUIRE THAT AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE AND THE REGISTRAR IS COMPLETED AND DELIVERED BY THE TRANSFEROR. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS ''OFFSHORE TRANSACTION,'' ''UNITED STATES'' AND ''U.S. PERSON'' HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT.''
THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS SUPPLIED SOLELY FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THIS NOTE WAS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (OID) WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1273 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), AND THIS LEGEND IS REQUIRED BY SECTION 1275(c) OF THE CODE. HOLDERS MAY OBTAIN INFORMATION REGARDING THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF OID, THE ISSUE PRICE, THE ISSUE DATE, AND THE YIELD TO MATURITY RELATING TO THE SERIES OF NOTES OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS PART BY CONTACTING THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ), IN CARE OF PREEM AB (publ), 112 80 STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN.
If you purchase Notes, you will also be deemed to acknowledge that the foregoing restrictions apply to holders of beneficial interests in these Notes as well as to holders of these Notes.
(1) You acknowledge that the Registrar will not be required to accept for registration of transfer any Notes acquired by you, except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to us and the Registrar that the restrictions set forth herein have been complied with.
(2) You acknowledge that:
(a) the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of your acknowledgements, representations and agreements set forth herein and you agree that, if any of your acknowledgements, representations or agreements herein cease to be accurate and complete, you will notify us and the Initial Purchasers promptly in writing; and
(b) if you are acquiring any Notes as fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, you represent with respect to each such account that:
(i) you have sole investment discretion; and
(ii) you have full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements.
(3) You agree that you will give to each person to whom you transfer these Notes notice of any restrictions on the transfer of the Notes.
(4) If you are a purchaser in a sale that occurs outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S, you acknowledge that until the expiration of the ''distribution compliance period'' (as defined below), you shall not make any offer or sale of these Notes to a U.S. person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. person within the meaning of Rule 902 under the Securities Act. The ''distribution compliance period'' means the 40-day period following the issue date for the Notes.
(5) You understand that no action has been taken in any jurisdiction (including the United States) by the Issuer or the Initial Purchasers that would permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of this offering memorandum or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Consequently, any transfer of the Notes will be subject to the selling restrictions set forth under ''Plan of Distribution.''
222

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
The Issuer and the Initial Purchasers have entered into a purchase agreement with respect to the Notes. The Initial Purchasers have agreed to purchase, and the Issuer has agreed to sell, all of the Notes. The purchase agreement with respect to the Notes provides that the obligation of the Initial Purchasers to purchase and accept delivery of the Notes are subject to the approval by its counsel of certain legal matters and to certain other conditions.
The purchase price for the Notes is the initial offering price set forth on the cover page of this offering memorandum less an initial purchaser discount. The Initial Purchasers propose to offer the Notes at the initial offering price. After the Notes are released for sale, the Initial Purchasers may change the offering price and other selling terms.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. The Initial Purchasers have agreed that they will only offer or sell the Notes (1) outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and (2) in the United States to Qualified Institutional Buyers in reliance on Rule 144A. The terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S and Rule 144A.
In connection with the sales outside the United States, the Initial Purchasers have agreed that they will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (1) as part of the Initial Purchasers' distribution at any time or (2) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of this offering or the date the Notes were originally issued. The Initial Purchasers agreed to send to each dealer to whom they sell such Notes during such 40-day period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States by a dealer or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A or pursuant to another exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
The Issuer will deliver the Notes against payment therefor on or about May 9, 2016, the fifth business day following the date of pricing of the Notes in London. Under Rule 15(c)6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in three business days unless the parties to such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes on the date of pricing are required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially settle more than three business days following the date of pricing of the Notes, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the Notes who wish to make such trades should consult their own advisors.
In connection with the Offering, the Initial Purchasers may purchase and sell Notes in the open market. These transactions may include short sales, stabilizing transactions and purchases to cover positions created by short sales. Short sales involve the sale by the Initial Purchasers of a greater number of Notes than it is required to purchase in the Offering. Stabilizing transactions consist of certain bids or purchases made for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the Notes while the Offering is in progress.
These activities by the Initial Purchasers may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. As a result, the price of the Notes may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. If these activities are commenced, they may be discontinued by the Initial Purchasers at any time. These transactions may be effected in the over-the-counter market or otherwise.
The Initial Purchasers also agree that: (1) they have complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ''FSMA'') with respect to anything done by them in relation to the Notes in, from, or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and (2) they have only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by them in connection with the issue or sale of any of the Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to us.
223

No action has been taken in any jurisdiction, including the United States, by us or the Initial Purchasers that would permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of this offering memorandum or any other material relating to us or the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for this purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this offering memorandum nor any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the Notes may be distributed or published, in or from any country or jurisdiction, except in compliance with any applicable rules and regulations of any such country or jurisdiction. This offering memorandum does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Persons into whose possession this offering memorandum comes are advised to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to the offering of the Notes, the distribution of this offering memorandum and resale of the Notes. See ''Notice to Investors.''
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Initial Purchasers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. The Issuer will pay the fees and expenses related to this offering.
The Initial Purchasers and their respective affiliates have from time to time performed certain investment banking and other financial services for the Issuer and its affiliates, for which they received customary fees and reimbursement of certain expenses.
In addition, Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, DNB Bank ASA, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ), Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit or their respective affiliates are lenders under the A&R Credit Facility and such entities may act as counterparties in the hedging arrangements that we may enter into in connection with the A&R Credit Facility or the Notes offered hereby, and will receive customary fees for their services in such capacities. Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch will be the Security Agent for the Notes. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) will be the security agent under the A&R Credit Facility.
224

SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES We are incorporated under the laws of Sweden and most of our directors and executive officers are not residents of the United States. Furthermore, a substantial portion of our assets and of the assets of such persons are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon us or those persons, or to enforce against us or them judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws. We have been advised by our Swedish counsel that the United States and Sweden are not currently bound by a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments. According to such counsel, an enforceable judgment for the payment of monies rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the U.S. securities laws, would not directly be enforceable in Sweden.
225

LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for us by DLA Piper UK LLP, London, United Kingdom, as to matters of United States federal and New York State law. Certain legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for us by Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyra, Gothenburg, Sweden, as to matters of Swedish law. Certain legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for us by Mouaimis & Mouaimis LLC, as to matters of Cyprus law. Certain legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for the Initial Purchasers by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, London, United Kingdom, as to matters of United States federal and New York State law and Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyra, as to matters of Swedish law.
226

WHERE YOU CAN FIND OTHER INFORMATION Each purchaser of the Notes from the Initial Purchasers will be furnished with a copy of this offering memorandum and any related amendments or supplements to this offering memorandum. Each person receiving this offering memorandum and any related amendments or supplements to the offering memorandum acknowledges that: (1) such person has been afforded an opportunity to request from us, and to review and has received, all additional information considered by it to be necessary to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information herein; (2) such person has not relied on the Initial Purchasers or any person affiliated with the Initial Purchasers in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision; and (3) except as provided pursuant to (1) above, no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation concerning the Notes offered hereby other than those contained herein and, if given or made, such other information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by us or the Initial Purchasers. For so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding and are ''restricted securities'' within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) under the U.S. Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor exempt from reporting thereunder pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b), make available to any holder or beneficial holder of a Note, or to any prospective purchaser of a Note designated by such holder or beneficial holder, the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act upon the written request of any such holder or beneficial owner. Any such request should be directed to: c/o Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB, 25/n Park Lane, London W1K 1RA. On May 26, 2016, the Issuer released its report for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016, which contained unaudited consolidated financial information of the Group for the first quarter of 2016 and for the comparative period in 2015 (the ''Report''). The Report was published on the website of Preem (http://www.preem.se/en/in-english/investors/). The Report is incorporated by reference into this offering memorandum.
227

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS The consolidated financial statements of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and for the years then ended, and the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) included in this offering memorandum have been audited by KPMG AB, independent auditors, as stated in their reports appearing herein. The auditors' address is P.O. Box 16106, 10323 Stockholm, Sweden.
228

LISTING AND GENERAL INFORMATION
Listing
The Notes are being listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in accordance with the rules of that exchange. Notice of any optional redemption, change of control or any change in the rate of interest payable on the Notes will be published in a Luxembourg newspaper of general circulation (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort).
For the avoidance of doubt, any website referred to in this offering memorandum and any information on such referenced websites does not form part of this offering memorandum.
For so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange require, copies of the following documents may be inspected and obtained at the specified office of the listing agent in Luxembourg during normal business hours on any weekday:
 the organizational documents of the Issuer;
 the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015;
 the consolidated financial statements of both Preem and Issuer, the unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, and the unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for all subsequent fiscal years;
 the Intercreditor Agreement;
 the purchase agreement relating to the Notes;
 the Indenture (which includes the form of the Notes); and
 the Share Pledge
Except for the Issuer's unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements, we do not publish or make available our interim financial statements.
In the event that Additional Notes are issued, then the Issuer will apply to list on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange:
 a supplement to this offering memorandum, if such Additional Notes are issued within twelve months of the date of this offering memorandum; or
 an additional offering memorandum, where such Additional Notes are issued on a date that falls on or after the date that is twelve months after the date of this offering memorandum.
Clearing information
The Euro Notes sold pursuant to Regulation S have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of Euroclear and Clearstream with international securities identification number XS1400707771 and under common code 140070777. The Euro Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of Euroclear and Clearstream with international securities identification number XS1400707698 and under common code 140070769.
The Krona Notes sold pursuant to Regulation S have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of Euroclear and Clearstream with international securities identification number XS1405134823 and under common code 140513482. The Krona Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of Euroclear and Clearstream with international securities identification number XS1405134740 and under common code 140513474.
Legal information
We are a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden which was founded on March 13, 2007 and was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on March 22, 2007. Our share capital currently amounts to SEK 500,000, divided into 5,000 fully paid ordinary shares.
The registered office of the Issuer is in Sweden. The address of the head office is c/o Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB, 25/n Park Lane, London W1K 1RA, United Kingdom. The Issuer is
229

registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office under the registration number 556726-8569. The Issuer's telephone number is +46 10 450 1000.
Pursuant to our articles of association, our corporate purpose is to produce, store, distribute, sell and market petroleum products and to trade with shares, financial instruments, other securities, emissions allowances and thereto related business and to conduct oil exploration and extractive operations and to conduct other business consistent therewith.
Our corporate governance principles are based on those recommended by the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden. We comply with the corporate governance regime for a public limited liability company in Sweden. Corporate Approvals
The creation and issuance of the Notes has been authorized by a resolution of our board of directors dated April 15, 2016. Offering Memorandum
Except as disclosed in this offering memorandum:  there has been no material adverse change in our financial position since the date of our last
audited accounts as of December 31, 2015; and  we have not been involved in any litigation, administrative proceeding or arbitration
relating to claims or amounts that are material in the context of the issue of the Notes, and, so far as we are aware, no such litigation, administrative proceeding or arbitration is pending or threatened. We accept responsibility for the information contained in this offering memorandum. To the best of our knowledge, except as otherwise noted, the information contained in this offering memorandum is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of this offering memorandum.
230

CERTAIN INDUSTRY DEFINED TERMS

AEL.................................................. arom atic......................................... BAT ................................................ b e n z e n e ......................................... bunker fu e l..................................... Dated Brent Crude ........................
d ie s e l............................................. FAM E............................................. FCC..................................................
fuel oil ........................................... G a s o lin e ......................................... gross refining m a rg in ...................
heating oil .....................................
H P U ................................................ HS .................................................. hydrocracking................................ h y d ro s k im m in g ..............................

Accepted Emission Levels
Hydrocarbon compounds produced in the distillation process, the content of which in refined products is often regulated by applicable environmental laws.
Best Available Technology
An aromatic compound, the presence of which in refined products is often regulated by applicable environmental laws.
Fuel oil used as transportation fuel for ships.
A cargo of North Sea Brent blend crude oil that has been assigned a date when it will be loaded onto a tanker. In this offering memorandum, references to the price of Dated Brent Crude are derived from data provided by Platts, a division of McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
A refined product from the middle range of the distillation process, used primarily as a fuel source for vehicles.
Fatty Acid Methyl Esters, usually obtained from vegetable/ seed oils.
Fluid catalytic cracker unit: a refinery unit that uses a chemical process by means of a catalyst to create new, smaller molecules from larger molecules to make gasoline and distillate fuels.
A refined product from the lower range of the distillation process, used primarily by industrial customers, like electric utilities, for steam and power generation.
A refined product from the middle range of the distillation process, used primarily as a fuel for vehicles.
The difference between the sales revenue received from the sale of refined products produced by a refinery and the cost of crude oil and (where relevant) other immediate feedstocks processed by it. See ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' for further discussion.
A refined product from the lower range of the distillation process, used as a heating fuel or a fuel for combustion engines in industrial, residential, agricultural and commercial sectors.
Hydrogen production unit: a refinery unit that produces hydrogen for use refinery processes.
High sulfur crude oil.
Sophisticated refinery process that converts residual products into lighter hydrocarbons under conditions of high temperature and pressure.
A basic refining process with some limited ability to produce gasoline.

231

kerosene

A refined product from the middle range of the distillation process, used either as a fuel for aviation turbines (jet engines) or as a heating fuel in smaller residential, agricultural or commercial sectors.

liquefied petroleum gas/LPG......... Liquefied petroleum gas (butane and propane or a mixture of both) used as a fuel for heating, cooking and lighting.

LS.................................................... Low sulfur crude oil.

MHC................................................ Mild hydrocracker unit: a refinery unit that desulfurizes vacuum gasoil and converts it into lighter products and feedstock for the hydrocracker.

middle distillates............................ A refined product from the middle range of the distillation process. Middle distillates include diesel, heating oil and jet/kerosene.

M K 1 ................................................ The designation for Swedish Environment Class 1 diesel.

naphtha ......................................... A refined product from the higher range of the distillation process, used as a solvent and as an additive for the manufacture of ethylene and other petrochemicals.

Nelson Complexity In d e x ............. A measure of the secondary conversion capacity of a petroleum refinery relative to the primary distillation capacity.

net cash m a rg in ............................

Refining margin less the refinery's fixed operating costs, excluding depreciation and other non-cash costs. Net cash margin differs from our net cash business margin, see ''Presentation of Financial Information'' for further discussion.

OPEC............................................. Refers to Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, a perpetual, intergovernmental organization.

refining m argin..............................

Gross refining margin less variable refining costs, which consist of volume-related costs, such as the cost of energy. See ''Presentation of Financial Information'' for further discussion.

SAMIR ........................................... Refers to the Societe Anonyme Marocaine de l'Industrie du Raffinage.

tall o i l ............................................. A mixture of compounds obtained as a by-product of wood processing, such as from the pulp and paper industry.

V D U ................................................

Vacuum distillation unit: a secondary processing unit consisting of vacuum distillation columns. Vacuum distillation helps to produce products out of the heavier oils left over from atmospheric distillation.

V G O ................................................ Vacuum gasoil: an intermediate refining feedstock which is upgraded by further processing for end-user consumption.

VLCC .............................................

Very large crude carrier. A tanker designed to carry between approximately 160,000 and 320,000 deadweight metric tons.

W A F ................................................ West African crude oil.

In the petroleum refining industry, crude oil and refined product amounts are generally stated in cubic meters (''m3'') or barrels, each of which is a unit of volume, or in metric tons, a unit of weight, depending on the product and the reason for which the amount is being measured. These volumes may be expressed in terms of barrels. A barrel (one barrel expressed as "bbl" and 1,000,000 barrels expressed as ''MM bbl'') contains 42 U.S. gallons. We have converted cubic meters to barrels at the rate of 1 cubic meter = 6.2898 barrels.

232

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014
Independent Auditors' Report............................................................................................. F-2 Consolidated Income Statements for the Years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 . . . F-3 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income........................................................ F-4 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 ................................... F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in E quity................................................................. F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods ended December 31, 2015 and
2 0 1 4 .................................................................................................................................. F-7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements................................................................. F-8 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013 Independent Auditors' Report............................................................................................. F-51 Consolidated Income Statements for the Years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 . . . F-52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years ended December 31,
2014 and 2013................................................................................................................... F-53 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 ................................... F-54 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Group, for the Years ending
December 31, 2014 and 2013........................................................................................... F-56 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2014 and
2 0 1 3 .................................................................................................................................. F-57 Notes to the consolidated financial statements................................................................. F-58
F-1

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT To the Board of Directors and shareholder of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ)
Report on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Corral Petroleum
Holdings AB (publ) and subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows for the years then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Management's Responsibility for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial
statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved by EU, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor's Responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) and subsidiaries as at December 31,2015 and 2014, and their financial performance and their cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved by EU.
Stockholm, Sweden March 16, 2016
KPMG AB
/s/ Cronie Wallquist Authorized Public Accountant
F-2

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014
(Amounts in SEK million)

Net sales .................................................... Excise duties ............................................. ............... Sales revenue............................................. .............
Cost of goods s o ld .................................................... Gross profit/(loss)......................................................
Selling expenses......................................... ............... Administrative expenses............................ ............... Other operating in c o m e ............................ ............... Operating income/(loss)............................ ...............
Financial income......................................... Financial expenses..................................... Net financial ite m s ....................................................
Loss before ta x ........................................... Income tax (expense) b e n e fit................... ............... Net Loss for the y e a r ................................
Net Loss attributable to: Parent Company's shareholder................. Non-controlling in te re s t............................

Notes
5 4 and 16 10,12,16
6 12 12 13 7 - 12, 36 - 38
14 and 16
15

Year ended December 31,
2015
75,826 (9,820) 66,006
(61,620) 4,386
(797) (746) 351 3,193
216 (3,429) (3,213)
(20) (250) (270)
(270) 0
(270)

Year ended December 31,
2014
94,170 (9,733) 84,438
(85,214) (777)
(761) (511) 350 (1,699)
203 (4,503) (4,300)
(5,999) 1,207 (4,792)
(4,792) 0
(4,792)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-3

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(Amounts in SEK million)

Net Loss for the y e a r...............................................................
Other comprehensive income (loss) Items that will not be reclassified to the profit or loss: Actuarial gains/(losses) on defined benefit pension plans . . . Income tax related to items that will not be reclassified . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss), net after ta x .................
Total comprehensive lo s s ........................................................
Total comprehensive loss attributable to: Parent Company's shareholder................................................ Non-controlling in te re s t..........................................................

Notes

Year ended December 31,
2015
(270)
70 (15) 55 (216)
(216) 0
(216)

Year ended December 31,
2014
(4,792)
(35) 8
(26) (4,818)
(4,818) 0
(4,818)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-4

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014
(Amounts in SEK million)

Assets N on-current assets In ta n g ib le a sse ts G o o d w ill .......................... C on stru ctio n in p rogress
P roperty, P lant a n d E q u ip m e n t L and a nd b u i l d i n g s ................................. P lant and m a c h i n e r y .............................. C ap ita lize d tu rn a ro u n d c o s t s ............. E quipm ent, to o ls, fixtu re s and fittin g s C o n s tru c tio n s in p r o g r e s s ....................
F inancial n o n -c u rre n t a sse ts P a rticip a tin g interests in associates Receivables fro m associates . . . . Receivables fro m related parties . . Financial assets available fo r sale . D efe rre d ta x a s s e t................................. O ther n on -cu rre nt receivables . . .
Total n o n -c u rre n t a s s e t s ..........................
Current assets I n v e n t o r ie s ..................................................... Trade r e c e iv a b le s ........................................ D e r iv a t iv e s ..................................................... O th e r r e c e iv a b le s ........................................ Prepaid expenses and accrued incom e
Cash a nd cash e q u iv a le n ts ..............................................
T o ta l c u rre n t a s s e t s ...............................................................
Total assets .....................................................................
Equity and Liabilities Equity E q u ity a ttrib u ta b le to P a ren t C o m p a n y 's s h a re h o ld e r S h a re c a p i t a l ............................................................................ O th e r p a id -in c a p ita l ........................................................... Retained loss includes net profit/(loss) fo r the year .
N on-controlling interest . .
T o ta l e q u i t y ..............................
L ia b ilitie s N o n -c u rre n t liabilities P e n sio n o b lig a t io n s ............. O th e r p r o v is io n s .................... S h a re h o ld e rs ' lo a n s ............. B o rro w in g .............................. O ther n on -cu rre nt lia b ilitie s
C u rren t liabilities B o rro w in g ..................................................... A dvance paym ents fro m custom ers . . Tra d e p a y a b le s .............................................. L ia b ilitie s to a s s o c ia te s .............................. C u rre n t ta x l i a b i l i t i e s ................................. D e r iv a t iv e s ..................................................... O th e r lia b ilitie s ........................................... Accrued expenses and prepaid incom e
T o ta l l ia b i l i t i e s ....................
Total equity and liabilities

N o te s

As of Decem ber 31,

2015

2014

17 17
18 18 18 18 18
19 20 and 35 21 and 35
15
22 23 and 35 30 and 35
24 and 35

308

308

84

68

392

376

1,392 5,580
481 388 704
8,546

1,285 5,549
658 445 599
8,536

124 1
1,567 29
331 8
2,059
10,997

116 1
2,513 27
531 0
3,188
12,100

5,883 3,198
0 899 269
10,250
422
10,673
21,699

7,292 3,465
--
924 440 12,120
1,123
13,243
25,343

1 6,228 (7,908)
(1,679)

1 5,228 (7,693)
(2,464)

0

0

25

(1,679) (2,464)

26 27 28, 29 and 35 28, 29 and 35

51 3,975 6,853
22
10,901

70 11 4,490 15,246 23
19,840

28, 29 and 35 35
30 and 35 31 and 35
32

7,308 4
908 65 -- --
1,315 2,848
12,448
23,349
21,669

1,561 9
2,133 53 46 1
1,267 2,897
7,967
27,807
25,343

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-5

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY GROUP FOR THE YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014 (Amounts in SEK million)

Note 25

Attributable to Parent Company's shareholder

Share Other paid- Retained

capital in capital

loss

Total

controlling interest

Opening equity 01/01/2014...............

1

4,178

(2,875) 1,304

0

Net Loss for the y e a r ........................ -- Other comprehensive loss ............... --
Total comprehensive lo s s ................. -- Shareholders Contribution received . --

-- (4,792) (4,792)

0

--

(26)

(26) --

-- (4,818) (4,818) --

1,050

0 1,050

--

Closing equity 12/31/2014 ...............

1

5,228

(7,693) (2,464)

0

Net Loss for the y e a r ........................ -- Other comprehensive incom e........... --
Total comprehensive lo s s ................. -- Shareholders Contribution received . --

-- --
-- 1,000

(270) (270)

0

55

55

--

(216) (216)

0

0 1,000

--

Closing equity 12/31/2015 ...............

1

6,228

(7,908) (1,679)

0

Total equity
1,303
(4,792) (26)
(4,818) 1,050
(2,464)
(270) 55
(216) 1,000
(1,679)

The Board of Directors has not proposed any dividend for the current financial year.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-6

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014
(Amounts in SEK million)

Operating activities Loss before ta x ......................................................................... Adjustments for items not included in cash flow .................
Tax paid/received.....................................................................
Increase (-)/Decrease (+) in inventories................................ Increase (-)/Decrease (+) in operating receivables............... Increase (+)/Decrease ( - ) in operating liabilities................... Cash flow from/used in operating a ctivities..........................
Investing activities Capital expenditure of intangible assets................................ Capital expenditure of property, plant and equipment........... Disposal of property, plant and equipm ent............................ Increase/Decrease in financial assets....................................... Cash flow used in investing activities.....................................
Financing activities New lo a n s ................................................................................ Repayment of lo a n s ................................................................. Cash flow used in financing activities.....................................
Cash flow for the y e a r ............................................................. Opening cash and cash equivalents....................................... Closing cash and cash equivalents.........................................

Notes
34

Year ended December 31, 2015
(20) 1,996 1,976
(49) 1,928
2,140 455
(1,143) 3,380
(16) (952)
9 5 (955)
5,687 (8,812) (3,125)
(700) 1,123
422

Year ended December 31,
2014
(5,999) 5,817 (182)
(222) (404)
2,672 717
(1,498) 1,487
(45) (773)
1 3 (814)
5,611 (7,741) (2,130)
(1,457) 2,580 1,123

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-7

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) (the Parent Company), corp. ID no. 556726-8569, domiciled in Stockholm, Sweden and its subsidiary constitute the largest oil company in Sweden.
The Parent Company is a joint stock company registered in and with its registered office in Sweden. The address of the head office is c/o Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB, 25/n Park Lane, W1K 1RA, London.
Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Moroncha Holdings Co. Limited (Cyprus).
The board of directors has on March 16, 2016, approved the annual report.
The most important accounting policies that have been applied in producing these consolidated financial statements are described below. Unless otherwise specified, these policies are applied consistently.
Basis on which the statements have been produced
The consolidated financial statements for the Corral Petroleum Holdings AB Group (Corral) have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, with the exception of IAS 33, Earnings per Share, on the grounds that Corral is not quoted on a regulated market. RFR 1 ''Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups,'' issued by the Swedish Financial Reporting Board, have been applied. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using the cost method, apart from financial assets available for sale and financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value via profit/(loss) for the year.
The preparation of reports in accordance with IFRS requires the use of a number of important estimates for accounting purposes. It also requires that management carry out certain assessments when applying the Group's accounting policies. For areas that involve a high degree of assessment, which are complex or areas where assumptions and estimates are of significant importance for the consolidated financial statements, see note 3.
The financial statements are presented in Swedish kronor (SEK), which is the Parent Company's functional currency. Unless otherwise stated, all figures are rounded to the nearest million. Amounts in the Group's financial consolidation system are based on SEK thousands. Due to the rounding of figures in the tables to the nearest SEK million, the sum total is not exactly equal to the sum of all components in some cases.
Standards, amendments and interpretations that came into force in 2015
Amendments that have come into effect are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.
New IFRS and interpretations that have not yet come into force
A number of new or amended IFRS will first come into force in future financial years and have not been subject to early adoption in the preparation of these financial statements. There are no plans for early adoption of new or amended standards that will come into force in the future.
Upcoming amendments that are anticipated to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements are described below.
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is intended to replace IAS 39 Financial Instrument: Recognition and measurement. The standard is effective January 1,2018, but has not yet been adopted by the European Commission. Potential effects have not yet been evaluated.
IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers is intended to replace IAS 18 Revenue. IFRS 15 provides a new model for revenue recognition which among other things means that
F-8

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
transactions will be divided into different performance obligations. The standard is effective January 1, 2018, but has not yet been adopted by the European Commission. Potential effects have not yet been evaluated.
IFRS 16 Leases will replace IAS 17 Leases. For leases, the classification of leases as operating and finance leases under IAS17 is replaced by a model where assets and liabilities for all leases are to be recognized in the balance sheet. There is an exception from the balance sheet recognition for low-value leases and leases with a term no longer than 12 months. Amortization must be recognized in the income statement separately from interest expenses attribute to lease liability. IFRS 16 is effective beginning on January 1, 2019. Earlier application is permitted, provided that IFRS 15 is also applied beginning on the same date. The standard has not yet been adopted by the European Commission. Potential effects have not yet been evaluated.
Other future changes adopted by the IASB are not estimated to have any material impact on the Group.
Classifications in the balance sheet
Non-current assets and non-current liabilities consist essentially of amounts that are expected to be recovered or paid after more than twelve months from the balance sheet date.
Current assets and current liabilities consist essentially of amounts that are expected to be recovered or paid within twelve months of the balance sheet date.
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are companies (including structured entities) that are under the controlling influence of Corral. ''Controlling influence'' means to have a direct or indirect right to formulate a company's financial and operational strategies for the purpose of receiving financial benefits. When assessing whether control exists, consideration is given to potential shares providing entitlement to vote that can be immediately used or converted. Subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements as from the date on which control was transferred to the Group. They are excluded from the consolidated financial statements as from the date on which control ceases.
The acquisition method is used to record the Group's acquisition of subsidiaries. The cost of an acquisition comprises the fair value of assets given as payment, equity instruments issued and liabilities arising or assumed as of the transfer date. Transaction expenses directly attributable to the acquisition are recorded as an expense as they arise. Identifiable acquired assets and assumed liabilities and contingent liabilities in an acquisition of a business are initially measured at the fair values on the acquisition date, regardless of the scale of any possible non-controlling interest.
The surplus that comprises the difference between the cost and the fair value of the Group's share of identifiable acquired assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When the difference is negative, this is recorded directly in the profit/(loss) for the year.
Internal Group transactions and balance sheet items, as well as unrealized profit on transactions between Group companies, are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, although any losses are viewed as an indication that there is a need for an impairment charge in the transferred asset. The accounting policies for subsidiaries have been amended as appropriate to guarantee a consistent application of the Group's policies.
Transactions with non-controlling interests
Acquisitions from non-controlling interests are recognized as transactions under shareholders' equity, i.e. between the Parent Company's owner (under profit brought forward) and
F-9

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) non controlling interests (minority interests). Consequently, no goodwill arises as a result of these transactions. The change in non-controlling interests is based on their proportional share of net assets.
Sales to non-controlling interests Sales to non-controlling interests where a controlling interest remains are recognized as
transactions under shareholders' equity, i.e. between the Parent Company's owner and non-controlling interests. The difference between proceeds received and the non-controlling interest's proportional share of acquired net assets is reported under profit brought forward.
Associates Associates are all companies in which the Group has significant but not controlling influence,
which mainly applies for shareholdings that encompass between 20% and 50% of the votes. As from the date on which the significant influence is obtained, shares in associates are recorded in the consolidated financial statements according to the equity method and are measured initially at the cost. The Group's carrying amount of holdings in associates includes goodwill that is identified upon acquisition, net after any necessary impairment charges.
Any difference on acquisition between the cost of the shareholding and the owner company's share of the net fair value net of the associate's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities is recorded using the same principles as used on the acquisition of subsidiaries.
The Group's share of the profit / loss in associates after the acquisition is recorded in the profit/ loss for the year. Accumulated changes after the acquisition are recorded as a change in the carrying amount of the shareholding. When the Group's share in an associate's losses is equal to or exceeds its holding in the associate, including any unsecured receivables, the Group does not record any additional losses unless the Group has assumed obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
Unrealized profits on transactions between the Group and its associate are eliminated in proportion to the Group's holding in the associate. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, unless the transaction constitutes evidence that there is a need for an impairment of the transferred asset.
The equity method is applied until the date on which the significant influence ceases.
Segment reporting An operating segment is a part of the Group that carries on operations from which it can
generate revenues and incur costs for which separate financial information is available. An operating segment result is monitored by the Group's senior executives to evaluate performance and to allocate resources to the operating segment. See Note 4 for a further description and presentation of the operating segments.
Translation of foreign currency
Functional currency and reporting currency Items included in the financial statements for the various entities in the Group are measured in
the currency used in the financial environment where each company has its main operations (functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are prepared in Swedish kronor (SEK), which is the Parent Company's functional currency and reporting currency.
F-10

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Transactions and balance sheet items
Transactions in foreign currency are translated into the functional currency according to the exchange rates prevailing on the date of exchange. Exchange rate gains/losses arising on payment of such transactions and when translating monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currency at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date are recorded in the profit/loss for the year. Exchange rate changes that arise during the time between invoicing of and payment for products affect the Group's gross profit/loss. Other exchange rate changes affect the Group's net financial income/expense. The Company does not hedge transactions or investments in foreign currency. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are adopted as exchange rates prevailing on the date of exchange.

Group companies
The performance and financial position of all Group companies that have a different functional and reporting currency are translated into the Group's presentation currency as follows: assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, income and expenses for each of the income statements are translated at the average currency exchange rate for the period, and all net exchange differences that arise are recorded in other comprehensive income.
In connection with consolidation, net exchange differences arising from the translation of net investments in foreign operations are posted to other comprehensive income with an accumulated effect on equity. On the partial or total disposal of a foreign operation, the exchange rate differences recorded in equity are posted to profit/loss for the year and recorded as an element of the capital gain/loss.
Goodwill and adjustments of fair value that arise in connection with the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities in this operation and are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date.

Property, Plant and Equipment
All property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost minus accumulated depreciation and any impairment, apart from any relating to land, platinum and palladium, which are recorded under plant and equipment, as these are included as catalysts in the reformer and isomerization plants and are not consumed. Property, plant and equipment consisting of elements with different useful lives are treated as separate components of property, plant and equipment.
Cost includes expenses that can be directly attributed to the acquisition of the assets. Additional expenses are added to the asset's carrying amount or are recorded as a separate asset, as applicable. The expenses are added to the asset's carrying amount only if it is likely that the future economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group and the asset's cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount for the replaced element is derecognized from the balance sheet. All other kinds of repairs and maintenance are recorded as expenses during the period in which they arise.
Depreciation of other assets, in order to allocate their cost to the estimated residual value over the estimated useful life, is applied on a straight-line basis as follows:

Buildings and storage cham bers................................................ Land installations......................................................................... Plant and equipm ent................................................................... Capitalized turnaround costs for refineries................................ Inventories, tools, fixtures and fittin g s .......................................

20 - 50 years 20 years
10 - 30 years 6 years
3 - 10 years

F-11

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
The refinery installations consist of a number of components with different useful lives. The main breakdown is into plant and equipment. There are, however, several components that have different useful lives within this main breakdown. The following main component groups have been identified and form the basis of depreciation of refinery installations.

Electrical Installations and Instruments............................................. Heat exchangers.................................................................................. Steam boiler......................................................................................... Steel installation.................................................................................. Pressure vessel....................................................................................

15 years 15 years 20 years 30 years 30 years

The residual values and useful lives of the assets are reviewed on each balance sheet date and adjusted as required.

An asset's carrying amount is impaired immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. This is tested in the event of an indication of such a need.

The carrying amount of plant, property and equipment is derecognized from the balance sheet on retirement or disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from the use or the retirement/disposal of the asset. Profits and losses on disposal are determined by means of a comparison between sales income and the carrying amount, and are recorded net in the income statement depending on the function to which the asset belongs.

Borrowing expenses directly attributable to the purchasing, design or production of an asset and where a significant length of time is needed to make the asset ready for its intended use or sale are included in the cost of the asset.

Intangible assets
Goodwill
Goodwill constitutes the amount by which the cost exceeds the fair value of the Group's share of the acquired subsidiary's/associate's identifiable net assets on the acquisition date. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is recorded as intangible assets. Goodwill is tested at least on an annual basis to identify any possible impairment need and is recorded at the cost minus accumulated impairment. Impairment of goodwill is not reversed. A profit or loss on the disposal of an entity includes the residual carrying amount of the goodwill that relates to the disposed entity.
Goodwill is allocated among cash generating units in connection with the testing of a possible need for impairment. This allocation is carried out to the cash generating units or groups of cash generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination which gave rise to the goodwill item. The Group allocates goodwill among segments. The Group's carrying amount of goodwill of SEK 308 million (308) is allocated in its entirety to the Supply & Refining segment.

Other intangible assets
Other intangible assets refer to licenses and other intellectual property. The assets are measured at cost minus deductions for depreciation and impairments. Depreciation is applied on a straight-line basis over the intangible asset's useful life and begins when it is used. The value is assessed at least annually and written down if such an assessment shows its value in use is less than recognized value.
The Group has no other intangible assets that can be capitalized. The cost of internally generated goodwill and brands, for example, is therefore recorded as an expense as it arises.

F-12

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Impairment of non-financial assets
Assets with an indeterminate useful life, such as goodwill, are not amortized, but are tested annually for any possible impairment. Assets that are amortized are assessed for loss of value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment is applied at the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment impacts profit/loss for the year. The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's fair value minus cost of sales and its value in use. When assessing an impairment need, assets are grouped at the lowest levels where there are separate identifiable cash flows (cash generating units). For assets other than financial assets and goodwill that have previously been impaired, a test is performed on each balance sheet date to determine whether there should be a reversal. The carrying amount after reversal of impairments must not exceed the carrying amount that should have been recorded if no impairment had been applied.
Inventories
Inventories are recorded at the lower of the cost and the net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first in, first out method (FIFO). Cost for petroleum products, which is expressed in USD, is recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the Bill of Lading.
The cost of finished goods and work in progress consists of raw material, direct wages, other direct operating expenses and attributable indirect manufacturing expenses (based on normal manufacturing capacity). Net realizable value is the estimated selling price from operating activities less the cost of production and sales.
With regard to crude oil, replacement cost is used as the best available measure of net realizable value. In cases where the net realizable value is less than the cost of crude oil and therefore, an impairment need, the amount is reduced in cases where the products' net realizable value exceeds cost. The reduction in the impairment amount for the crude oil consists of the difference between the products' net realizable value and cost.
Borrowed inventory is not included in the value of inventories, and in the same way inventory out on loan is included in the value of inventories, as significant risks and benefits have not been transferred.
Current and deferred tax
The current tax expense is calculated on the basis of the tax rules adopted or adopted in practice on the balance sheet date in the countries where the Parent Company's subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable income. Management conducts regular assessments of claims lodged in tax returns in respect of situations in which applicable tax rules are subject to interpretation and, if appropriate, makes provisions for amounts that will probably have to be paid to the Swedish Tax agency. Taxes are recorded in the consolidated income statements, except when underlying transactions is other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Current tax is tax that must be paid or received in respect of the current year. This also includes any adjustment of current tax attributable to previous periods.
Deferred tax is recorded in full, using the balance sheet method, for all temporary differences arising between the tax base of receivables and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. The deferred tax is not, however, recorded if it arises as a consequence of a transaction that constitutes the initial recording of an asset or liability that is not a business combination and which, at the time of the transaction, has no effect on either the recorded profit/loss or the profit/loss for tax purposes. Deferred income tax is calculated applying tax rates (and laws) that have been adopted or announced as of the balance sheet date and that are expected to be in force when the relevant deferred tax receivables is realized or the deferred tax
F-13

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
liability is settled. Deferred tax assets are recorded to the extent that it is probable that future tax surpluses will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized. The value of deferred tax receivables is reduced when it is no longer considered likely that they can be utilized.
Provisions
Provisions for environmental restoration measures and legal requirements are recorded when the Group has a legal or an informal obligation as a consequence of earlier events, and it is likely that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the commitment and that a reliable estimate of the amount can be made. The Group has made provisions for environmental restoration measures relating to the non-operational depots and the decommissioning of filling stations where this has been decided.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the amount that is expected to be required to settle the obligation. In this context a discount rate before tax is used that reflects a current market assessment of the time-based value of money and the risks that are associated with the provision.
Contingent liabilities
A contingent liability is presented when there is a possible commitment that originates from events that have occurred and the existence of which is only confirmed by one or more uncertain future events or when there is a commitment that is not recorded as a liability or a provision because it is not likely that an outflow of resources will be required or that the outflow cannot be calculated.
A future close-down of operations within the Group may involve a requirement for decontamination and restoration works. It is believed, however, that such an event will take place well into the future, and the future expenses cannot be reliably calculated, so this cannot therefore be considered to be a contingent liability.
Employee benefits
Pension commitments
The Group has defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans. A defined contribution pension plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions to a separate legal entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay extra contributions if this legal entity does not have sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits that are associated with the employees' service during the current or previous periods. A defined benefit pension plan is a pension plan that is not a defined contribution plan. The feature of defined benefit plans is that they specify an amount of the pension benefit that an employee receives after retirement based on length of service and salary at retirement. The pension plans are usually financed by payments to insurance companies or managed funds in accordance with periodic actuarial calculations.
The pension commitments have been secured by means of occupational pension insurance, liabilities entered into an account allocated for pensions (FPG/PRI) or payment to a pension fund (the KP Foundation) in accordance with the provisions of the Swedish Pension Obligation Vesting Act. The defined benefit pension plans are both funded and unfunded. If the plans are funded, assets have been separated in the pension fund (KP Foundation). These plan assets can only be used to make payments under pension agreements. The plan assets are measured at the fair value as of the reporting date.
The liability recorded in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation on the balance sheet date. The defined benefit pension obligation is calculated on an annual basis by independent actuaries applying the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is defined by
F-14

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
discounting the estimated future cash flows using the interest rate for first class government bonds issued in the same currency in which the benefits will be paid and with terms comparable to those of the relevant pension liability.
Revaluation effects consist of actuarial gains and losses, the difference between actual returns on plan assets and the amount included in net interest income/expense and any changes to the effects of access restrictions (excluding interest which is included in net interest income/expense). Revaluation effects are recorded in other comprehensive income. Payroll tax is part of the actuarial assumptions and is therefore reported as part of the net liability/asset.
Expenses in respect of service during earlier periods are recorded in profit/loss for the year, unless the changes in the pension plan are conditional upon the employees remaining in service for a specified period (the qualification period). In such cases the past service expenses are allocated on a straight-line basis over the qualification period.
For defined contribution pension plans, the Group pays contributions into publicly or privately managed pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no additional payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The cost is recorded in the consolidated profit or loss as the benefits are earned. Prepaid contributions are recorded as an asset to the extent that cash repayment or a reduction in future payments may benefit the Group.
Remuneration on notice of termination
Remuneration on notice of termination is paid when notice is served by the Group to terminate an employee's employment before normal retirement age or when an employee accepts voluntary termination in exchange for such compensation. The Group records severance payments when it has been clearly obliged either to lay off an employee according to a detailed, formal plan without any possibility of recall, or to pay termination benefits as a result of an offer having been made to encourage voluntary termination.
Profit-sharing plans
The Group records a liability and an expense for profit shares based on the return on working capital. The Group records a provision when there is a legal obligation or a constructive obligation based on previous practice.
Income recording
Income comprises the fair value of what has been received or will be received. Income is recognized excluding VAT, returns and discounts, and after the elimination of internal Group sales. Net sales include excise taxes deducted and recorded on a separate line before sales revenue.
The Group records an item of income when its amount including attributable expenses can be measured reliably and it is probable that future economic benefits will accrue to the Company. It is not considered that the income amount can be measured reliably until all obligations in respect of the sale have been fulfilled or expired. The Group bases its assessments on historical results and in doing so takes account of the type of customer, type of transaction and special circumstances in each individual case.
Sale of goods
The Group's main income originates from the sale of goods in the form of petroleum products. Sales of products take place to oil companies operating in Sweden and on the international market, primarily in Northwestern Europe. Sales of gasoline, diesel, heating oils and lubricating oils in the Swedish market to private customers, large and small companies take place via our own marketing channels, Preem Partners and filling stations.
F-15

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Income from sale of goods is recorded when the Group has transferred the significant risks and benefits associated with ownership of the goods to the buyer, which takes place in connection with delivery. Once the income for the sale of a product has been recorded, the Group no longer has any involvement in the ongoing administration usually associated with ownership, nor does it exercise any actual control over the goods sold.
A large proportion of the Group's sales of products take place by ship. These sales are often subject to the terms of transport CIF (cost insurance freight) and FOB (free on board), which means that these income items are normally recorded on the date on which the goods are loaded onto the ship, i.e., on the BL date (Bill of Lading). For other sales, the income item is recorded in connection with delivery to the customer, for example, Preem Partners or end consumers via filling stations operated by the Group.
Financial income and expenses
Financial income consists of interest income from invested funds (including financial assets available for sale), income from dividends, gains from the disposal of financial assets available for sale and gains from the change in value of financial assets measured at fair value via profit/loss for the year. Exchange rate gains and losses on financial assets are recorded net as financial income.
Interest income from financial instruments is recorded using effective interest method. Income from dividends is recorded when entitlement to receive the dividend has been confirmed. The profit from the disposal of a financial asset is recorded when the risks and benefits associated with ownership of the instrument have been transferred to the buyer and the Group no longer exercises control over the instrument.
Financial expenses consist of interest expenses on loans including the proportion of transaction expenses in connection with the borrowing that is recorded as expenses during the year, the effect of calculating the present value of provisions, losses in the event of changes in value of financial assets measured at fair value through profit/loss for the year and impairment of financial assets. Exchange rate gains and losses on financial liabilities are recorded net as financial expenses.
As a general rule, borrowing costs charge the profit/loss for the period to which they relate. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the purchasing, design or production of an asset and where a significant length of time is needed to make the asset ready for its intended use or sale, must be included in the cost of the asset. The capitalized interest expenses for the year are SEK 7 million (2) and relate primarily to the balance sheet item ''Constructions in progress''. The average interest rate applied is 3.5% (4.4%).
Leasing
Lessee
Leasing in which a significant element of the risks and benefits of ownership is retained by the lessor is classified as operational leasing. Payments made during the lease term (after deductions of any incentives from the lessor) are recorded as expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable expenses are recorded as expenses in the periods when they arise. The Group has operational lease agreements only.
Lessor
A lease agreement is an agreement according to which a lessor gives a lessee the right to use an asset in return for payment in accordance with agreed terms and for an agreed period. Assets that are leased out under an operational lease agreement are recorded as an asset in the balance
F-16

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
sheet. The lease payment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The Group has operational lease agreements only.

Dividends
A dividend to the Parent Company's shareholder is recorded in the consolidated financial statements in the period when the dividend was approved by the Parent Company's shareholder.

Emission rights
The present period covers the time from 2013 up to and including 2020. The Group's two refineries in Lysekil and Gothenburg have been allocated emission rights free of charge for one year at a time. Unutilized emission rights may be carried forward to subsequent years within the eight-year period. Any deficit must be covered by purchase of emission rights on a market or through improvements in energy efficiency.
The allocation of emission rights within the period described above does not involve any cost to the Company and neither allocation nor consumption has therefore affected the profit/loss for the year and the balance sheet. The sale or acquisition of emission rights is recorded in the income statement under the headings net sales or cost of goods sold.

Emission rights

Opening balance, 2015 ........................................................................ Number of emission rights allocated in 2015 ................................ Number of emission rights consumed 2014 which was cancelled
in 2015 ............................................................................................. Number of emission rights purchased 2 0 15 ................................... Number of emission rights sold 2015............................................. Results swap of emission rights in 2015 ......................................... Closing balance, 2015.......................................................................... Number of emission rights allocated in 2016 ................................ Results swap of emission rights in 2016......................................... Number of emission rights before cancellation ............................... Prel. number of emission rights consumed in 2015 and cancelled
in April 30, 2016 ..............................................................................

2,234,333 2,029,164
(2,150,628) 0 0
316,000 2,428,869 1,986,606
0 4,415,475
(2,248,337)

Prel. balance after allocation rights April 30, 2016 ........................ 2,167,138

During the next trading period of emission rights, i.e. 2013 to 2020, the Group expects to receive a lower allocation, but still sufficient to compensate for emissions. The final allocation was decided at the EU level in 2013 and, as opposed to the two previous trading periods, joint EUallocation rules have been implemented. These are based on the guideline figures from the most efficient greenhouse gas facilities in each sector of the EU. This benefits the facilities that are most efficient. In Sweden it is particularly pulp and paper industries and district heating plants that receive a much higher allocation than their historic emissions. Electricity production are not given a free allocation.

Financial assets and liabilities
Financial assets are classified in the following categories: financial assets measured at fair value through the profit/loss for the year, loans receivable and trade receivables measured at accrued cost, and financial assets available for sale measured at fair value via other comprehensive income. The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial asset

F-17

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
was acquired. Management determines the classification of financial assets when they are initially recorded.
Financial liabilities are classified in the following categories: financial liabilities measured at fair value through the profit/loss for the year, and other financial liabilities.
Purchases and sales of financial assets are recorded on the date of exchange--the date on which the Group commits itself to buy or sell the asset. When initially recorded, financial assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value plus or minus any transaction costs if the asset or liability in question is not measured at the fair value through profit/loss for the year. Financial assets are derecognized from the balance sheet when the right to receive cash flows from the instrument has expired or been transferred, and the Group has essentially transferred all risks and benefits associated with the right of ownership. A financial liability or part of a financial liability is derecognized in the balance sheet when the obligation in the contract has been fulfilled or otherwise cancelled.
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through the profit/(loss) for the year
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through the profit/loss for the year are financial assets available for sale. A financial asset or liability is classified in this category if it is acquired primarily with a view to selling it within a short period of time. Derivatives are classified as available for sale if they are not identified as hedging instruments.
The Group makes use of oil derivatives that are short-term and are classified in the balance sheet either as current assets or current liabilities under the heading ''derivatives'' and in the income statement under the heading ''cost of goods sold'' in contrast to the result of other financial instruments which are recorded in net financial interest/expense.
The Group holds derivatives but does not apply hedge accounting.
Loan receivables and trade receivables
Loan receivables and trade receivables are financial assets that are not derivatives, which have payments that are fixed or can be fixed, and that are not listed in an active market. These items are measured at the accrued cost. Trade receivables are included in current assets when there are no items with an expiry date more than 12 months after the balance sheet date. Loan receivables are included in financial assets when the expiry date is after more than 12 months. The Group's non-current loan receivables consist primarily of loans to affiliates.
Trade receivables are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently at accrued cost, minus any provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is made when there is objective evidence that the Group will not receive all amounts due under the original terms and conditions of the receivables. Indications that a debtor will be declared bankrupt or undergo financial restructuring, as well as non-payment or delayed payments, are sufficient to initiate impairment of a trade receivable. The level of provision is the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the estimated future cash flows. The asset's carrying amount is reduced by means of an impairment account, and the loss is recorded as other comprehensive income depending on the function to which the trade or other receivable relates. When a trade or other receivable cannot be collected, it is written off against the impairment account for trade receivables. Any recovery of an amount that has previously been written off is credited to the function to which it relates in the consolidated income statement.
This category also includes cash and cash equivalents, which consist of cash, bank balances and other current investments with an expiry date within three months of the acquisition date.
F-18

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Financial assets available for sale
Financial assets available for sale are assets that are not derivatives and where the assets have been identified as being available for sale or have not been classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets if management does not intend to dispose of the asset within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Financial assets in this category are measured at fair value with changes in value for the period recorded in order comprehensive income and accumulated changes in value in a special component of shareholders' equity, excluding changes in value due to impairments, interest on debt instruments and dividend income, as well as foreign exchange differences on monetary items which are recorded in profit/ loss for the year. On disposal of the asset, accumulated profits/losses, which have been previously recorded in the statement of other comprehensive income, are recorded in profit/loss for the year.
The fair value of publicly listed securities is based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not active (and for non-listed securities), the Group establishes fair value by applying valuation techniques such as the use of information in respect of recently completed transactions at an arms-length transactions, reference to the fair value of another instrument that is essentially identical, analysis of discounted cash flows and option valuation models. In this context market information is used to as great an extent as possible, while company-specific information is used as little as possible. If the Company believes that these methods do not produce a reliable value, the assets are measured at the cost. All financial assets available for sale are measured as of the balance sheet date at cost if a reliable value cannot be calculated.
Other financial liabilities
The category ''other financial liabilities'' includes borrowing and other liabilities (trade payables and other current liabilities).
Borrowing
Borrowing is initially recorded at fair value, net after transaction expenses. Borrowing is subsequently recorded at accrued cost and any difference between the amount received (net after transaction expenses) and the repayment amount is recorded as ''financial expenses'' divided over the term of the loan. Borrowing is classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer payment of the debt for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.
Other liabilities
Other liabilities are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently at accrued cost.
Impairment of financial assets
On each balance sheet date the Group considers whether there is objective evidence that an impairment need exists for a financial asset or group of financial assets. With regard to shares that are classified as assets available for sale, a significant or extended impairment in the fair value of a share to a level below its cost is considered to constitute an indication that there is an impairment need. If such evidence exists for financial assets available for sale, the accumulated loss-- calculated as the difference between the cost and the current fair value minus any previous impairment recorded in the profit/loss for the year--is derecognized from equity and is recorded in the profit/loss for the year. Impairments of equity instruments, which are recorded in the profit/ loss) for the year, are not reversed via the profit/loss for the year. Provisions of trade receivables are described in Note 23.
F-19

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 2. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group is exposed to a number of different financial risks in the course of its activities: market risk (which includes currency risk, price risk, and interest rate risk in fair value and in cash flow), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's risk management policies focus on the unpredictability of the financial markets and strive to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group's financial results.
Risk policy and objectives
The Group's financial risk management policy aims to reduce volatility in financial results and cash flows while retaining a high level of efficiency in business activities.
All activities associated with the management of risks relating to financial instruments are handled by the Treasury Department within the subsidiary Preem, with the exception of oil derivatives, which are handled by the Supply & Refining segment. Management of financial risks is regulated by joint Group-wide policies established by the Board of Directors. The aim of the Company's trading in derivatives is to make sure that financial risks are kept within limits determined by the Board of Directors. The Group does not apply hedge accounting.
Market risk
Currency risk
The Group operates internationally, and is exposed to currency risks arising from exposure to various currencies, in particular in respect of USD. Transaction risks within the Group arise from future business transactions. Translation risk arises when revaluing recorded assets and liabilities.
Transaction risk
The Group purchase and sells oil products in USD. The refining margin is thus expressed in USD, which represents a currency risk. For example, this means that when the SEK becomes weaker against the USD, the currency effect on the refining margin will have a positive effect on the operating profit/loss. The Group does not hedge the risk associated with individual business transactions.
The Group faces an additional currency risk that purchases of oil products take place in USD, while sales are primarily in USD and SEK. After taking the refining margin into account, there is a net deficit of USD in the Group, which is covered by daily purchases of USD against SEK. These purchases are based on a standard template, but demand can vary over time because of price changes, timing of purchases and sales, and the relationship in sales between USD and SEK.
Translation risk
The Group aims to reduce the translation risk that arises in working capital by balancing assets and liabilities in foreign currency. To reduce the translation risk in the Group's working capital in USD, the Group takes out or redeems loans in dollars. There is no set level in respect of the size of loans arranged at any given time.
The table below explains the Group's net exposure on the balance sheet date in each currency translated into SEK in respect of monetary assets and liabilities in the form of trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade payables and other borrowings in foreign currency. Working capital includes not only trade receivables and trade payables, but also the value of the Group's inventories. The size of the net exposure for the monetary items must therefore be placed in relation to the value of inventories in USD as of the balance sheet date. As inventories are a non-monetary asset, inventories are not translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, but using the exchange rate on the purchase date. A change in the exchange rate does not normally affect the value of inventories, which means that there is only an effect in the profit/loss
F-20

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 2. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
for the year when the product is sold. If a change in the exchange rate were to lead to the net realizable value of the inventories in SEK being less than the cost because of a fall in the exchange rate, there would, however, be an impairment of inventories and this would have a direct effect on the profit/loss.

All amounts in SEK million
Net exposure as of balance sheet date EUR.......................................................................... ............... USD ....................................................................... ............... Others ..................................................................... ...............
Total ....................................................................... ...............

2015 as a % 2014 as a %

(3,877) (11,629)
(12)
(15,519)

25% (3,407)

75% (15,218)

0%

(6)

100% (18,632)

18% 82%
0%
100%

Net exposure of USD must be set in relation to the Group's normal position for inventories, which as of December 31, 2015 totaled USD 474 million (686), which is equivalent to SEK 3,960 million (5,360) translated at the balance sheet date.
The Group has no holdings in foreign operations which have net assets exposed to currency risks, and for this reason the Group has no currency exposure for this.
If the Swedish krona were to become stronger/weaker by 10% in relation to the U.S. dollar as of the balance sheet date, while all other variables remained constant, the profit for the year after tax as of December 31, 2015 would have been SEK 598 million (769) higher/lower as a consequence of gains/losses on translating monetary assets and liabilities in accordance with the table above, taking account of the indirect price effect on the Group's normal position for inventories.

Price risk
The Group is exposed to price risk in respect of inventories of crude oil and refined products. Price changes in crude oil and refined oil products affect the Group's sales income, cost of goods sold, gross profit/loss and operating profit/loss. The Group has a defined normal position for inventories, which is the volume of priced oil(1) that is required to maximize the contribution from the refining system in the most efficient way without making use of derivatives. The normal position is defined as 1,840,000 m3. The price risk at this volume is the Company's commercial risk that the Board of Directors has accepted. To counteract the price risk that arises when priced inventories deviate from the normal position, the Group trades in oil derivatives in the form of futures, options and swaps. In addition to the above, price risk management, the Group has in recent years been using oil derivatives to also secure parts of the normal position. It is a strategy that the Group is not associated to continue.
The Board of Directors has established risk limits that define the extent to which volume exposure may deviate from the normal position, as well as the maximum risk expressed in USD that the Group is prepared to accept in the total of these volume deviations from the normal position. The volume deviation may be +200,000 m3or - 250,000 m3. The highest risk expressed in USD is USD 5 million on the total of these deviations. The exposure which first reaches the risk limit is the one on which the Company must act. This risk exposure is monitored on a daily basis.
The table below explains how the position would change in SEK million if the price were to rise/fall by 10% as of the balance sheet date. How such a change would have impacted the

(1) O n ly p riced in v e n to rie s are exp o sed to a price risk. Purchases o f cru d e o il and p ro d u cts are o n ly in clu d e d in th e p o s itio n w h e n th e purch a se d oil has been priced . The p ro d u cts leave th e p o s itio n w h e n th e y are p riced in c o n n e ctio n w ith th e ir sale. If a p ro d u c t is p riced fo r a n u m b e r o f days, a p e rce n ta g e o f th e ch a rg e w ill be in clu d e d in o r taken o u t o f th e p o s itio n in re la tio n to th e n u m b e r o f days th a t th e ch a rg e is priced . T his m eans th a t th e G rou p 's physical inventories can diffe r som ew hat fro m the com pany's physical position.

F-21

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 2. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
Company's financial results depends on whether the effect on financial results arises in the physical position or the derivatives position. The reason for this is that inventories and derivatives are measured using different accounting policies. Over time, however, the price change in the total position will affect the Company's financial results. The total position therefore constitutes the Company's price risk, but accrual accounting effects do arise over time in profit/loss for the year, because of the different valuation principles for inventories and derivatives, respectively.

Year
2015............................................................. 2015............................................................. 2014............................................................. 2014.............................................................

Price Physical change position

10% (10)% 10% (10)%

453 (453) 587 (587)

Derivative position
(319) 390
(58) 58

Total position
134 (63) 529 (529)

Of which normal position
371 (371)
518 (518)

A change in the value of the derivative position will always have a direct effect in the profit/ loss for the year, as derivatives are measured at market price as of the balance sheet date and the profit/loss is recorded via the profit/loss for the year.

A change in the value of the physical position does in some cases have a direct effect on the profit/loss and in other cases the profit/loss is only affected in subsequent periods. This is because inventories are measured according to the lowest value principle i.e. the lower of cost and net realizable value.

In the event of a price rise, the profit/loss is usually only affected when a sale is made, i.e., the gains from the sale are recorded in the profit/loss for the year only when they have been realized. A price rise may, however, have a direct effect in the profit/loss for the year in the event that the original net realizable value is less than the cost. This effect may not, however, exceed the previously impaired value of the inventories.

In the event of a price fall, the profit/loss is normally affected directly, which means that inventory impairment is carried out and a product expense recorded in the income statement. The impairment w ill, however, only take place at the amount by which the changed net realizable value will fall below the inventory's previous carrying amount as of the balance sheet date.

In addition to price risk management of the inventories position, the Board of Directors has defined scope for speculative trading in oil derivatives. These transactions are limited through the setting of a ceiling for a maximum gain or loss for such trading. The Group's loss must not be higher than USD 10,000 per transaction and USD 50,000 per annum per individual trader. Transactions on which the Group makes a joint decision may amount to a maximum of a level that falls within the deviation range in normal position management, and the maximum permitted loss is USD 500,000 in one transaction and USD 2,500,000 per annum. These transactions must always be approved in advance by the head of the Trading Department. The result of the Group's exposure in speculative trading in oil derivatives on the balance sheet date for 2015 was USD 639,000 (-1,000).

Interest rate risk in respect of cash flows and fair values
The Group's interest rate risk arises through both borrowing and lending.
Loans with a floating interest rate expose the Group to an interest rate risk in respect of cash flow. Loans with a fixed interest rate expose the Group to an interest rate risk in respect of fair value. The Group's borrowing is at both fixed and floating interest rate. The interest rate risk in respect of cash flow is balanced by borrowing at a fixed rate and from time to time using interest rate swaps. It is Preem's policy to have a fixed interest period which does not exceed 12 month. As of December 31, 2015 the remaining fixed-interest period totaled approximately 23 months. In

F-22

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 2. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
2015 the Group's borrowing on floating interest rate terms consisted of SEK and USD, and fixed interest rate borrowing consisted of USD and EUR for bond loans and loans to shareholder.
The Group's interest-bearing assets are in the form of loans to affiliates and, to a lesser extent short-term investments in cash and cash equivalents. Loans to affiliates have been issued on standard market terms at a fixed interest rate, which means that the Group is exposed to fair value risk.
The Group's outstanding borrowing as of the balance sheet date for loans arranged from credit institutions totals SEK 18,152 million (21,625). The Group's loan terms, effective interest rates and the maturity structure of the loans are described in note 28.
If interest rates for borrowing expressed in SEK during the year had been 1.0% higher/lower, with all other variables constant, the result after tax for the fiscal year would have been SEK 142 million (167) lower/higher, mainly because of the higher/lower interest rate costs of borrowing at floating interest rates.
Credit risk
Credit risks arise through investments in cash and cash equivalents, derivatives and credit exposure to the large number of customers to whom sales are made on credit. In order to limit this exposure, there are joint Group-wide credit policies, under which, for example, only banks and financial institutions which a credit rating of at least ''A'' by Standard and Poor's or by an equivalent independent assessor, are accepted. A risk assessment is conducted on the creditworthiness of each of the Group's customer's, in which the customer's financial position is considered, and previous history and other factors are assessed. Individual risk limits are established on the basis of internal or external credit ratings. The Group has a credit committee that handles these matters. The Group also uses a range of collateral, including Letters of Credit, bank guarantees, deposits and Parent Company sureties. There is regular follow-up on the use of credit limits. The credit risk is controlled at Group level.
Most of the credit exposure in terms of amounts is to financially strong oil companies. On the basis of the Group's on-going analysis of its customers, the credit quality is regarded as good. The Group has only one provisions for doubtful debts of SEK 6 million (19), compared with sales revenue of SEK 66,006 million (84,438). For further information see note 23.
The Group has a receivable issued to Corral Morocco Gas & Oil AB (CMGO), which is an associate company, of SEK 3,136 million. The loan has a standard market interest rate of 5% of the nominal loan amount. The interest income is capitalized and added to the original receivable. In 2015, a valuation of the Group's receivable to CMGO was performed based on CMGO's underlying assets and the expected return on them. At the end of 2015, the Board made a decision to make a provision of SEK 1,103 (508) million. On December 31, 2015, the total receivable was SEK 1,567 million. The loan and capitalized interest may be terminated on nine months' notice. No security has been pledged for the Group's receivable in relation to CMGO.
Other oil companies, banks and trading companies are counterparties for trading in oil derivatives. In order to limit counterparty risks in trading in oil derivatives, the Company signs ISDA agreements.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is handled by the Group having sufficient cash and cash equivalents and current investments in securities etc. with a liquid market and available financing through agreed credit facilities. Every month the Group pays approx. SEK 1,266 million (1,337) in the form of excise duties and VAT, which combined with fluctuations in purchasing and sales patterns, can make demands on the availability of short-term borrowing facilities.
F-23

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 2. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
To ensure that the Group has access to external financing at all times, both short-term and long-term credit facilities must always be available.
The table below analyzes the Group's financial liabilities and net settled derivatives that constitute financial liabilities, broken down by the term remaining after the balance sheet date until the contractual expiry date. The amounts specified in the table are the contractual, non-discounted cash flows and do not, therefore, correspond to the amounts in the balance sheet. The amounts that fall due within 12 months correspond with carrying amounts, since the discount effect is insignificant.
It is the Group's policy that loans must be renegotiation of loans no later than 12 months before expiry.

As of December 31, 2015
Borrowing......................................... ................... Trade payables................................ ................... Other current lia b ilitie s ................... ...................

Within 1 year
7,287 908
1,381

Between 1 and 2 years
4,841 -- 22

Between 2 and 5 years
6,025 -- --

More than 5 years
-- -- --

As of December 31, 2014
Borrowing......................................... ................... Trade payables................................ ................... Other current lia b ilitie s ................... ...................

Within 1 year
1,561 2,133 1,322

Between 1 and 2 years
9,624 -- 23

Between 2 and 5 years
10,439 -- --

More than 5 years
-- -- --

The Group has syndicated bank loans that are subject to a clause on the requirement to satisfy a number of key ratios (known as covenants).

Management of capital risk
The Group's objective with regard to the capital structure is to secure the Group's access to capital markets and to maintain an optimal capital structure in order to keep down the costs of capital and to balance the Company's commercial risk with the cost of the capital.
The Board of Directors constantly monitors the Group's financial position and net debt against expected future profitability and cash flow, investment and expansion plans, and developments in the interest rate and credit markets.
The Group's net debt/total capitalization ratio is shown in the table below:

(Amounts in SEK million)
Total bo rro w ing .......................................................................... Less; cash and cash equivalents.............................................

2015

2014

18,287 21,625 (422) (1,123)

Net d e b t ..................................................................................... 17,865 20,502 Total e q u ity .............................................................................. (1,679) (2,464)
Total capitalization..................................................................... 16,186 18,038

Net debt/equity ra tio ...............................................................

110% 114%

Excluding capitalized transaction expenses 152 (328).

Calculation of fair value
The fair value of derivatives traded on an active market is based on listed market prices on the balance sheet date. The listed market price used for the Group's financial assets is the current bid price. The fair value of oil derivatives is defined using listed prices of oil futures on the balance sheet date.

F-24

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 2. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
The fair value of financial instruments not traded on an active market (e.g., OTC derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques. The fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the present value of estimated future cash flows. Unlisted holdings in general are measured at cost where fair value cannot be measured reliably.
The fair value of borrowing is calculated, for the purposes of disclosure, by discounting the future contracted cash flow at the current market interest rate available to the Group for similar financial instruments.
The carrying amount, after impairment, of trade receivables and trade payables is considered to correspond to their fair values, as these items are current by nature. The fair value of financial liabilities is calculated for the purposes of disclosure by discounting the future contracted cash flow at the current market interest rate available to the Group for similar financial instruments.
NOTE 3. IMPORTANT ESTIMATES AND ASSESSMENTS FOR ACCOUNTING PURPOSES
Estimates and assessments are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are considered reasonable in the prevailing circumstances.
Important estimates and assumptions for accounting purposes
The Group makes estimates and assumptions about the future. The estimates for accounting purposes that are the consequence of these will, by definition, seldom correspond with the actual outcome.
The estimates and assumptions that involve a significant risk of adjustments in recorded values of assets and liabilities for subsequent fiscal years are explained in general below.
Impairment testing of goodwill
Every year the Group tests whether an impairment need exists for goodwill, in accordance with the accounting policy described in note 1 and 17. The recoverable amount of cash generating units has been established by calculating the value in use. These calculations require certain estimates to be made, see note 17.
If the budgeted margin used when calculating the value in use of the cash generating unit that comprises Supply & Refining segment had been 20% lower than the management assessment as of December 31, 2015, the Group would not have needed to perform any impairment of goodwill.
If the estimated discount rate before tax that was applied for discounted cash flows for the cash generating unit that comprises Supply & Refining segment had been 2% higher than the management assessment, the Group would not have needed to perform any impairment of goodwill.
Pensions
Pension obligations are based on actuarial calculations that are themselves based on assumptions about discount rate, expected return on plan assets, future wage increases, staff turnover, inflation and expected average remaining period of service.
The expected return on plan assets is determined taking account of the expected return on the assets covered by the appropriate investment policy in question. The expected return on investments with a fixed interest rate is based on the return received if these securities are held until expiry. The expected return on shares and real estate is based on the long-term return that has occurred in the relevant market.
F-25

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 3. IMPORTANT ESTIMATES AND ASSESSMENTS FOR ACCOUNTING PURPOSES (Continued) Provisions for environmental commitments
Provisions are made for environmental commitments for known and planned decontamination works. Any future decommissioning of operations within the Group may involve a requirement for decontamination and restoration works. This is, however, considered to be a matter for the distant future, and the potential expenditure involved cannot be calculated reliably. Potential environmental commitments of this type are not included in provisions in the balance sheet nor as contingent liabilities. Important assessments when applying the Company's accounting policies Functional currency
The subsidiary Preem has significant cash flows in USD. In determining the Company's functional currency, management has evaluated the criteria contained in IAS 21 on the determination of functional currency. After giving careful consideration to all indicators, management has judged that Corral's functional currency is SEK. NOTE 4. SEGMENT REPORTING Operating segments
The Group consists of two operating segments: Supply & Refining
Crude oil is bought for the two refineries Preemraff Lysekil and Preemraff Gothenburg and is refined to produce finished oil products. Approximately 64% (64%) of production is exported, mainly to the Northern European market. The proportion of production that is sold in Sweden is sold through the Group's own market channels and through other oil companies. Marketing
This segment sells refined oil products, which are bought from the Supply & Refining segment. Sales are channeled directly to consumers via the company's network of filling stations and to companies and consumers via direct sales. Internal pricing
Prices are set at market levels at prices based on official listings in the oil market. Profit per segment
The information that senior executives regularly follows up in the Group is presented below.
F-26

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 4. SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued) The Group 2015

Sales per segment Total sales revenue....................................... . . . Internal sales ............................................... ___ External s a le s ...............................................................___
Residual, net exchange differences.............
Total external s a le s...................................................
Operating profit Operating profit per s e g m e n t..................... ___ Depreciation per segm ent............................ ___

Supply & Refining Marketing

64,194 (13,860)
50,334

15,612 (51)
15,561

3,437

422

866

97

Total
79,806 (13,911) 65,894
111 66,006
3,859 962

The Group 2014

Supply & Refining Marketing

Sales per segment Total sales revenue....................................... . . . Internal s a le s ............................................... . . .
External sales................................................ . . .

82,564 (16,984)
65,580

18,686 (77)
18,608

Residual, net exchange differences.............

Total external sales.......................................

Operating profit

Operating profit (loss) per s e g m e n t........... . . . (2,202)

390

Depreciation per segment............................ . . .

954

97

Total
101,250 (17,062) 84,188
249 84,438
(1,811) 1,051

Reconciliation with the Group's total result

Operating profit (loss) per segm ent...........

..

Net exchange differences on continuous paym ents........... . .

Currency effect on normal inventories . . . .

..

Undistributed depreciation..........................

..

Other1*1 ........................................................

..

Total operating profit (lo s s )...............................

..

Interest inco m e ...........................................

..

Interest expenses.........................................

..

Net exchange differences ..........................

..

Other net financial ite m s ............................

..

Loss before t a x ...........................................

..

2015

2014

3,859 (370) 374
(11) (659)

(1,811) (831) 1,362 (9) (409)

3,193 (1,699)

164 (1,574)
(598) (1,206)

168 (1,516) (2,344)
(608)

(20) (5,999)

(*) M ainly refer to C orporate Center.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-27

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 4. S E G M E N T REPORTING (Continued) O th e r in fo rm atio n regarding G roup's sales
Sales revenue comes for the most part from sales of oil products.

Sales of oil products ............................................................... O ther.........................................................................................
Total external sales revenue.....................................................................

2015
65,905 101
6 6 ,0 0 6

2014
84,369 ___ 68
8 4 ,4 3 8

Revenues of SEK 7,631 million in 2015 (SEK 9,551 million in 2014) originate from one single customer and the income is included in Supply & Refining segment.

Investments
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment ...................................................... ..
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment ...................................................... ..
Capital expenditure in intangible assets........... .. Capital expenditure in intangible assets........... .. Investments in associated companies............... .. Investments in associated companies............... ..

Supply & Refining

2015 756

2014 613

2015

--

2014

--

2015

--

2013

Marketing
167
149 -- -- --

Otherr)
29
11 16 45 --

Group
952
773 16 45 --

(*) M a in ly refer to C orporate Center.

D istribution by geographical regions
The information presented in respect of sales revenue relates to the geographical regions grouped according to where goods are delivered. Information about the segments' assets is based on geographical regions grouped according to where the assets are located. ''Other Nordic'' in the table below refers primarily to Denmark and Norway and ''Other countries'' primarily to Germany, France, the UK, Netherlands and North America.

2015 N e th e rla n d s ................................................................. U K ................................................................................ Other ............................................................................
T o ta l sales re v e n u e .....................................................................
Intangible Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment 2014 U K ................................................................................ Other ............................................................................
T o ta l sales re v e n u e .....................................................................
Intangible Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment

Other Other Sweden Nordic countries Group

23,740 7,302
8,938 --

6,963 17,642 10,359
3 4 ,9 6 4
--

66,006
8,938

3 0 ,5 7 5
8,912

7,907
--

19,998 25,958
4 5 ,9 5 6
--

8 4 ,4 3 8
8,912

N O TE 5. EXCISE D U TIES
Excise duties refer to energy tax, carbon dioxide tax, sulfur tax and alcohol tax.

F-28

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 6. GROSS PROFIT
Purchases and sales of oil products in the market are essentially dollar-based. Exchange differences from sales are recorded under net sales and exchange differences from purchases are recorded under cost of goods sold. The Group's gross profit includes exchange differences from purchases and sales of oil products to a net value of SEK (370) million (-831).

NOTE 7. FEES TO AUDITORS
KPMG Audit assignments......................................... Audit business beyond the audit assignment Tax consultancy............................................. Other assignments.........................................
SET Audit assignments......................................... Audit business beyond the audit assignment Tax consultancy............................................. Other assignments.........................................

2015 2014
23 00 11 1A 44 00
00

NOTE 8. WAGES, SALARIES AND SOCIAL COSTS

Parent Company................................... Group Companies .............................. Group T o ta l.........................................

2015

Social Costs

Wages and

(of which

Other Benefits pension costs)

-- (( ))

743

389

(124)

743

389

(124)(1)

2014

Social Costs

Wages and

(of which

Other Benefits pension costs)

--

(--)

692

333

(102)

692

333

(102)(1)

(1) O f th e G rou p 's p e n sio n costs, SEK 5.1 m illio n (6.4) relates to th e G rou p 's Board, CEO and o th e r s e n io r exe cu tives.

NOTE 9. WAGES AND OTHER BENEFITS, ALLOCATED BY REGION AND BETWEEN BOARD/ CEO AND OTHER EMPLOYEES

Parent C om pany..................................... . Group Companies in Sweden................. . Group Companies A b ro a d ...................... .
Group T o ta l............................................. .

2015

Board, CEO and

other senior

Other

executives

Employees

--

--

34

709

--

--

34

709

2014

Board, CEO and

other senior

Other

executives

Employees

--

--

36

655

--

--

36

655

F-29

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 9. WAGES AND OTHER BENEFITS, ALLOCATED BY REGION AND BETWEEN BOARD/ CEO AND OTHER EMPLOYEES (Continued)
Remuneration in the table above is based on the operating subsidiary Preem AB. No remuneration was paid to any Board members or CEO of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB.

Senior executives
''Senior executives'' means both senior management and other senior executives. The group comprising senior management includes the Chairman of the Board, other Board members who receive benefits from the company in addition to the current Board fee and who are not employed by the company, and the Managing Director (MD) and CEO. The group comprising other senior executives includes 6 (6) salaried employees who are part of Preem AB's Group management together with the CEO; all are employed by Preem. The total group of senior executives in Preem consist of The Board members including the Chairmen of the Board and the CEO (10 people) and other senior executives, which is also Preem's Group Management (7 people).

Preparation and decision-making process when determining remuneration for senior executives
The terms of remuneration for the CEO and the principles for salary benefits for people in the company's Group management team are prepared in a remuneration committee appointed by the Board and consisting of the Deputy Chairman of the Board and 3 other Board members. The committee's proposals are confirmed by the Board. The annual salary review for both the CEO and for other members of Group management is confirmed by the remuneration committee.

Remuneration o f senior executives
Fees are paid to the Chairman of the Board and members in accordance with the decision of the AGM. No special fee is paid for committee work. Remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives consist of basic salary, flexible remuneration, other benefits and pension. The breakdown between basic salary and flexible remuneration must be in proportion to the senior executive's responsibility and authority. For the CEO, the flexible remuneration may be a maximum of 30% of basic salary. For other senior executives, the flexible remuneration is a defined maximum percentage of basic salary. The remuneration committee does, however, define the terms of the flexible remuneration on an annual basis. Pension benefits and other benefits to the CEO and other senior executives are paid as an element of the overall remuneration package. Other benefits consist primarily of a company car.

Remuneration and benefits in 2015

Basic Salary/

Flexible

Other Pension

Other

Board Fee Remuneration Benefits Cost Remuneration Total

Chairman of the Board .........

1.0

Other Board Members

(8 people)............................

3.4

The CEO in Preem A B ...........

6.0

Other Senior Executives

(7 people)............................

16.5

26.8

--

--

--

--

1.0

--

--

--

--

3.4

--

0.1

1.7

--

7.8

5.4

0.6

3.3

--

25.8

5.4

0.7

5.0

--

38.0

F-30

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 9. WAGES AND OTHER BENEFITS, ALLOCATED BY REGION AND BETWEEN BOARD/ CEO AND OTHER EMPLOYEES (Continued)
In total SEK 4.8 million has been paid in board fees, included in all items except other Senior Executives, whereof one member has received SEK 1.0 million, two members have received SEK 0.5 million and seven members has received SEK 0.4 million.

Remuneration and benefits in 2014
Chairman of the Board ......... Other Board Members
(8 people)............................ The CEO in Preem A B ........... Other Senior Executives
(7 people)............................

Basic Salary/ Board Fee
0.6
2.1 4.8
17.6 25.1

Flexible Remuneration
--
-- --
9.9 9.9

Other Benefits
--
-- 0.1
0.6 0.7

Pension Cost
--
-- 2.7
3.6 6.3

Other Remuneration
--
-- --
-- --

Total
0.6
2.1 7.6
31.5 41.9

In total SEK 2.8 million has been paid in board fees, included in all items except other Senior Executives, whereof one member has received SEK 0.6 million, three members have received SEK 0.3 million, two members have received SEK 0.4 million, two members has received 0.2 million and two member has received 0.1 million.

Pensions
The pension to the CEO is a defined contribution pension. Pension premiums comprise 30% of qualifying salary in respect of retirement and survivor's pension. ''Qualifying salary'' means the basic salary plus an average of the last three years' flexible benefit. For other senior executives there is a general pension plan and, in certain cases, individual solutions. All pension benefits are protected, i.e., not conditional upon future employment. See also note 26 pension obligations.

Severance pay
There is a mutual period of notice between the company and the CEO of 6 months.
There is a mutual period of notice between the company and other senior executives of a maximum of 24 months and 6 months, respectively. In connection with termination by the company, paid notice of a maximum of 24 months applies. In the event of termination by the senior executive, no severance pay is paid.

NOTE 10. DEPRECIATION
Allocation of depreciation Buildings and land installations . . . . Plant and m achinery........................ Capitalized turnaround c o s ts ........... Equipment, tools, fixtures and fittings

2015 2014
87 75 582 707 188 156 116 122 973 1,060

F-31

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 10. DEPRECIATION (Continued)

2015 2014
Allocation by function Production expenses..................................................................... 867 955 Selling expenses............................................................................... 95 96 Administrative expenses.................................................................. 11 9
973 1,060

NOTE 11. LEASING

Leasing charges in respect of operational leasing Minimum lease charges................................................................... Variable charges................................................................................
Total leasing expenses.....................................................................

2015 2014
96 107 29 17 126 124

2015 2014
Agreed future minimum lease charges Within one y e a r................................................................................ 129 129 Between one and five ye a rs............................................................... 554 552 Longer than five y e a rs ..................................................................... 95 94
2015 2014
Leasing income in respect of operational leasing Minimum lease charges................................................................... 75 74 Variable charges................................................................................ 20 19
Total leasing income .......................................................................... 96 93

2015 2014

Agreed future minimum lease charges Within one y e a r................................................................................... Between one and five ye a rs............................................................... Longer than five y e a rs .....................................................................

76 72 389 370 ----

NOTE 12. EXPENSES BROKEN DOWN BY TYPE OF COST

Cost of m aterials..................................................................... Costs for employee benefits.................................................... Depreciation.............................................................................. Other expenses.......................................................................
Reconciliation with the comprehensive income statement Cost of goods s o ld ................................................................... Selling expenses..................................................................... Administrative expenses ........................................................

2015
58,220 1,132 973 2,838
63.163

2014
82,144 1,025 1,060 2,257
86,487

61,620 797 746
63.163

85,214 761 511
86,487

F-32

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 13. OTHER OPERATING INCOME

Heating deliveries.............................................................................. Rental in c o m e .................................................................................. Harbor incom e.................................................................................. Storage certificates............................................................................ Service compensation ..................................................................... O th e r.................................................................................................
Total .................................................................................................

2015 2014
43 45 95 93 63 60 101 122 23 21 25 9
351 350

NOTE 14. NET FINANCIAL INCOME/EXPENSES

2015

2014

Interest income from instruments measured at accrued cost . Net exchange differences ........................................................ O th e r.................................................................................................
Financial incom e............................................................................

164 168

52

26

08

216 203

Net loss --Instruments measured at fair value............................................. --Financial assets measured at accrued c o s t...............................

---- ----

Total net loss .................................................................................

----

Interest expenses from defined benefit unfunded pension

obligation......................................................................................

(5) (8)

Interest expenses from instruments measured at accrued

cost(1)....................................................................................... (1,569) (1,508)

Interest expenses from instruments measured at fair value . .

--

--

Net exchange c h a n g e ............................................................... (649) (2,371)

Other........................................................................................... (1206) (616)

Financial expenses ................................................................... (3,429) (4,503)

Net financial expense............................................................... (3,213) (4,300)

(1) O f w h ic h in te re s t rate expenses fro m accrued loan expenses, SEK 177 m illio n (177).
The net loss on oil derivatives measured at fair value, recorded as cost of goods sold in the profit/(loss) for the year, totals SEK 511 million (939). A provision of SEK 946 million for Preem's receivables from Corral Morocco Gas & Oil was charged to the net financial income/expenses. The provision is a net of capitalized interest income of SEK 157 million and a provision of SEK 1,103 million.

F-33

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 15. INCOME TAXES
Current tax (expense) benefit Tax expense for the period ........................................................ Tax expense attributable to previous years ..............................
Deferred tax (expense) benefit Deferred tax in respect of temporary differences and loss
c a rry -fo rw a rd s ......................................................................... Deferred tax on loss carry-forwards........................................... Total tax (expense) benefit..........................................................

2015 2014

(3)

3

0

0

(3)

3

55 (302)
(250)

(75) 1,279
1,207

Reconciliation of effective tax Loss before t a x ............................................................................ Income tax benefit calculated according to national tax rates
for profit in each c o u n try ........................................................ Other non-deductible expenses.................................................. Non taxable income ................................................................... Tax attributable to previous y e a rs ............................................. Effect of different tax rates for foreign com panies...................
Tax (expense) benefit...................................................................

2015 2014

(20) (5,999)

4 (263)
85 0
(78)
(250)

1,320 (118)
5 0 --
1,207

Tax items recognized directly in equity

Tax reported directly in other comprehensive income

statement.................................................................................. (15)

8

Weighted average tax rate is 1,239.8% (20.1%).

Deferred tax assets and tax liabilities Land and buildings...................................................... Machinery and equipment........................................... Other ............................................................................
Net assets/liabilities......................................................

2015

Deferred tax Deferred tax

assets

liabilities

1 -- 1,327
331

(3) (880) (114)

Land and buildings...................................................... Machinery and equipment........................................... Others * .......................................................................
Net assets/liabilities......................................................

2014

Deferred tax Deferred tax

assets

liabilities

4 -- 1,567

0 (907) (133)

531

F-34

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 15. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

Change in deferred tax in temporary differences and loss carry-forwards
Land and buildings .................................................. . Machinery and equipm ent....................................... . Other .......................................................................... .
Total temporary differences..................................... . Loss carry-forwards.................................................. .
Total ......................................................................... .

Opening amount
4 (907) (132) (1,035) 1,567 531

Recorded in the profit/(loss) for
the year
(7) 28 34 55 (302) (247)

Other changes
-- -- (16) (16) 63 47

Closing amount
(3) (880) (114) (997) 1,327 331

NOTE 16. NET EXCHANGE DIFFERENCES IN THE PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR Net exchange differences have been recorded in the profit/(loss) for the year as follows:

Net s a le s ............. Cost of goods sold Financial items . . .
Total ...................

2015
111 (481) (597)
(967)

2014
249 (1,080) (2,344)
(3,175)

The estimated currency effect on the Group's normal position on inventories was SEK 374 million (1,362).

NOTE 17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS Goodwill

Opening c o s t.................................................................................... Closing accumulated cost.................................................................
Carrying amount at end of period ..................................................

2015 2014
308 308 308 308 308 308

Impairment testing of goodwill
Identified goodwill is attributable in full to the Group's cash generating unit (CGU) Supply & Refining and Sweden.
The recoverable amount of a CGU is defined on the basis of calculations of value of use. These calculations are based on estimated future cash flows before tax based on financial budgets that have been approved by company management and covering a 5-year period. Cash flows beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using an estimated rate of growth as explained below. The rate of growth does not exceed the long-term rate of growth for the market in which the Supply & Refining segment operates.

F-35

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued) Significant assumptions used to calculate values of use:

Average refining margin in dollars a barrel for the period . . . Average rate of growth for extrapolation beyond the budget
p e rio d .................................................................................... Discount rate before t a x ..........................................................

Supply & Refining
4.56 - 4.76
1% 8%

Management has confirmed the budgeted refining margin based on previous results and its expectations of market growth. The weighted average rate of growth used does not exceed the forecasts contained in industry reports. The discount rates that are used are specified before tax and reflect specific risks that apply for the various segments.

No impairment need has been identified for goodwill. This is true even if a change in the conditions is amended as follows: Refining margin 20% lower, rate of growth (1%) and a discount rate 2% higher for each segment.

Construction in progress

Opening c o s t.................................................................................... Capital expenditure during the y e a r..............................................
Carrying a m o u n t..............................................................................

2015 2014
68 23 16 45 84 68

Construction in progress relates to capitalized expenses related to a major IT project.

NOTE 18. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Land and buildings Opening c o s t........................................... Sales/Disposals....................................... Completion of constructions in progress Investments during the year ................. Closing accumulated c o s t .....................
Opening depreciation ............................ Sales/Disposals....................................... Depreciation for the y e a r....................... Closing accumulated depreciation........ Carrying a m o u n t.....................................

2015 2014

2,678 (32) 141 61

2,569 (13) 122

2,848 2,678

1,393 (24) 87
1,456
1,391

1,328 (11) 75
1,393
1,285

F-36

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 18. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Plant and machinery(1) Opening c o s t............................................................................ Sales/Disposals ....................................................................... Capital expenditure during they e a r........................................ Re-classification....................................................................... Completion of constructions inprogress ...............................
Closing accumulated cost........................................................
Opening depreciation............................................................... Sales/Disposals ....................................................................... Re-classification....................................................................... Depreciation for the y e a r........................................................
Closing accumulated depreciation .........................................
Carrying a m o u n t.....................................................................

2015

2014

17,789 (58) 1 4 619

17,062 (24) -- -- 751

18,354 17,789

12,240 (49) 1 582

11,551 (18) -- 707

12,774 12,240 5,580 5,549

(1) Planned residu a l va lu e in clu d e s p la tin u m and p a lla d iu m at SEK 143 m illio n (144).

Capitalized turnaround costs Opening c o s t................................................................................ Sales/Disposals............................................................................ Completion of constructions inprogress....................................
Closing accumulated c o s t ..........................................................
Opening depreciation ................................................................. Depreciation for the y e a r.............................................................
Closing accumulated depreciation.............................................
Carrying a m o u n t..........................................................................

2015
1,379 -- 11
1,390 720 188 908 481

2014
1,238 --
141 1,379
564 156 720 658

2015 2014

Equipment, tools, fixtures and fittings

Opening c o s t................................................................................ 1,446 1,367

Capital expenditure during the y e a r................................................

00

Sales/Disposals................................................................................ (54) (42)

Completion of constructions in progress......................................

67 121

Re-classification.................................................................................

(1) 0

Closing accumulated c o s t .......................................................... 1,458 1,446

Opening depreciation ................................................................. 1,001 918

Sales/Disposals................................................................................ (50) (38)

Depreciation for the y e a r............................................................. 116 122

Re-classification.................................................................................

20

Closing accumulated depreciation............................................. 1,070 1,001

Carrying a m o u n t.......................................................................... 388 445

F-37

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 18. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Constructions in progress Opening c o s t................................................................................ Capital expenditure during the y e a r........................................... Sales/Disposals ............................................................................ Completion of constructions in progress ...................................
Closing accumulated cost............................................................

2015 2014

599 942
-- (837)

962 772
-- (1,135)

704 599

NOTE 19. PARTICIPATION IN ASSOCIATES

Swedish companies
AB Djurgardsberg........................ . Goteborgs Smorjmedelsfabrik,
Scanlube A B ............................ . SunPine A B ................................... .
Total .............................................

Corp. ID no.
556077-3714
556287-6481 556682-9122

Reg. office
Stockholm
Gothenburg Pitea

No. of shares
366
50,000 16,685

Participating interest %
37
50 26

Carrying amount
0
5 119 124

AB Djurgardsberg........................................... Goteborgs Smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube AB . SunPine A B ......................................................

Assets
5 144 659

Liabilities
5 131 287

2015 Equity Income

0

5

13 407

372 913

Net profit/(loss)
0 1 53

AB Djurgardsberg........................................... Goteborgs Smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube AB . SunPine AB(* ....................................................

Assets
6 173 651

Liabilities
5 161 362

2014 Equity Income

0

5

11 454

289 1,107

Net profit/(loss)
0 0 39

The in fo rm a tio n above is 100% o f the co m p a n ie s' assets, lia b ilitie s, equity, incom e and net profit/(loss).
(*) The P/L and Balance S heet in S unP ine AB fo r ye a r 2014 has been ch a n g e d , due to late ch a n g e in th e co m p a n y 's annual accounts.

Opening balance ............... Investments during the year Dividend ............................ Profit participation.............
Closing balance.................

2015 2014
116 113
(4) -- 13 3 124 116

F-38

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

N O TE 20. RECEIVABLES FRO M RELATED PARTIES
Opening v a lu e ......................................... Change during the y e a r .......................... Allowance for doubtful receivable CMGO Closing v a lu e ...........................................

2015
2,513 157
(1,103)
1,567

2014
2,865 157 (508)
2,513

Receivable from related parties relates to interest-bearing receivable from the related party company Corral Morocco Gas & Oil AB (CMGO). In the annual statement for 2015 a provision of SEK 1,103 million (508) was made for Preem's receivable to CMGO based on the assessed value of the company's assets. The total receivable are SEK 1,567 million (2,513) and is subject to a marketbased fixed interest rate of 5% on the original receivable of SEK 3,136 million. No security has been pledged for the Group's receivable to CMGO. The loan and capitalized interest can be terminated at nine months' notice.

NO TE 21. FIN A N C IA L A SS ETS AVAILABLE FOR SALE

Opening carrying amount........... Shareholders' contribution......... Profit/(Loss)................................
Carrying amount at end of period

2015 2014
27 27
_2 _0 29 27

Company

Corp. ID no.

No. of Participating Carrying Reg. office shares interest % amount

BasEl i Sverige AB ................................... 556672-5858 Stockholm 50

5

0

Slackmedelscentralen--SMC A B ............. 556488-8583 Stockholm 117

12

0

SPIMFAB--SPI Miljosaneringsfond AB . . . 556539-4888 Stockholm 1

1

0

VindIn A B .................................................. 556713-5172 Stockholm 100

8.6

28

Gotene E.D.F. Elforeningen, co-operative .

0

SSH Svensk Servicehandel ......................

0

Total

29

NOTE 22. IN VE N TO R IES
Raw material . Finished goods Total .............

2015
2,366 3,517
5,883

2014
3,085 4,207 7,292

The cost of inventories in the Group includes the equivalent of SEK 28 million (80) in volumes of inventories out on loan. Volumes of inventories borrowed corresponding to a total inventory value of SEK 218 million (150) are not included in the value of inventories.

F-39

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 23. TRADE RECEIVABLES

Trade receivables.......................................................................... Reserve for doubtful debts..........................................................
Fair value of trade receivables....................................................

2015 2014
3,205 3,484 (6) (19)
3,198 3,465

As a rule there are not considered to be any impairment needed for trade receivables that have been due for payment for less than three months. As of December 31, 2015 trade receivables totaling SEK 129 million (392) were due without any need for impairment being considered to exist. These relate to a number of independent customers that have not previously had any payment problems. The age analysis of these trade receivables is shown below:

2015 2014

Less than 10 days ............................................................................ Between 10 and 20 days ................................................................. Between 21 and 30 days ................................................................. More than 30 d a ys............................................................................

90 346 18 21 44 16 21

Total.................................................................................................... 129 392

The reserve for doubtful trade receivables totaled SEK 6 million (19) on December 31, 2015. Receivables are recorded as doubtful receivables when objective information exists, e.g., in the form of cancelled payments or receivables not being settled after being due for 3 months.
Receivables in the reserve for doubtful trade receivables are as follows:

At the beginning of the p e rio d ........................................................ This year's reserve for doubtful receivables/reversed unutilized
am ounts......................................................................................... Confirmed losses during the year....................................................
At the end of the period...................................................................

2015 2014
19 30
(5) 13 (8) (24) 6 19

Provisions for and reversals of reserves for doubtful trade receivables are included in the functions to which they relate in the consolidated income statement. Amounts recorded in the impairment account are usually written off when the Group is not expected to recover any additional cash or cash equivalents.
Other categories within trade receivables and other receivables do not include any assets for which an impairment need exists.
The maximum exposure for credit risk on the balance sheet date is the fair value for each category of receivables mentioned above.

NOTE 24. CASH A N D CASH EQ UIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet and the cash flow statement include the following with an expiry date less than three months after acquisition.
2015 2014
Short-term investm ents................................ Cash and bank balances................................ .............................. 422 1,123
422 1,123

F-40

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 25. EQ UITY
Share capital
The company's share capital totals SEK 500,000. The number of shares is 5,000, all of which are class A shares. The shares are paid in full and the number of shares is the same at both the beginning and end of the year. The quota value is SEK 100/share.

O th er paid-in capital
Other paid-in capital consists of equity paid in by the shareholder or the ultimate owner of the company. Corral Petroleum Holdings AB has received conditional shareholder contribution of total SEK 2,050 million (of which SEK 1,000 million in 2015 and SEK 1,050 million in 2014) which has been converted from other shareholders loan in USD.

D ividend
No dividend was paid for either 2015 or 2014. The Group's loan conditions prevent the payment of dividends to shareholder.

NOTE 26. PENSIO N O BLIG ATIO NS

D efined benefit obligations and th e value of plan assets
Wholly or partly funded obligations: Current value of defined benefit obligations................................ Fair value of plan assets.................................................................
Net wholly or partly funded obligations ....................................... Unfunded obligations: Current value of unfunded defined benefit o b lig a tio n s...............
Net amount in balance sheet (obligation +, asset - ) ...................
The net amount is recorded in the following items in the balance sheet:
Provisions for pensions...................................................................
The net amount is divided among the following countries: Sweden ...........................................................................................

2015 2014
523 579 (622) (613)
(99) (33) 91 103 (8) 70
(8) 70 (8) 70

Pension expense

T h e a m o u n ts recorded in th e c o n so lid ated incom e s ta te m e n t are as fo llo w s :

Defined benefit plans
Interest expense................................................................................ Expected return on plan assets........................................................ Settlem ent.........................................................................................
Total cost of defined benefit p la n s ..................................................

2015 2014
16 24 (14) (22) ----
22

T h e a m o u n t th a t is re p o rte d in th e c o m p re h e n s iv e s ta te m e n t o f in c o m e is as fo llo w s :

Actuarial gain (+)/loss ( - ) on defined pension p la n s ........................ Tax attributable to items relating to the comprehensive income. . . .
Total comprehensive income for the year, net after t a x ...................

(70) 38 15 (8)
(55) 29

F-41

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 26. PENSIO N O B LIG ATIO NS (Continued)
T h e ch a n g e in th e d efin e d b e n e fit o b lig a tio n d u rin g th e y e a r is as fo llo w s :
2015 2014
Opening gross amount in balance sheet......................................... 683 608 Payment of b e n e fits ..................................................................... (29) (27) Interest expense............................................................................ 16 24 Actuarial Profit ( - ) , Loss (+) for the year on the obligations Revaluation.................................................................................... (13) 7 Actuarial Profit/loss on change in demographic assumptions. . . -- 26 Actuarial Profit/loss on change in financial assum ptions........... (41) 68 Experience adjustments ............................................................... (2) (22) Change in current value of defined obligations in relation to the settlem ent............................................................................
Closing net amount in balance sheet........................................... 614 683

The present value of obligations benefits to plan m em b ers according to as follow s:
Active members: 0% (0%) Blanche holders: 61% (63%) Old-age pensioners: 39% (37%)

T h e c h a n g e in t h e fa ir v a lu e o f p la n a s s e ts d u rin g t h e y e a r is as fo llo w s :

Opening gross amount in balance sh e et....................................... Payments of benefits ................................................................... Payments from the c o m p a n y ...................................................... Expected return ............................................................................ Actuarial gain (+) or loss ( - ) for the year on the plan assets . . Change in plan assets in relation to the settlem ent...................
Closing gross amount in balance sheet.........................................

2015 2014
(613) (566) 19 17
(14) (22) (13) (42)
(622) (613)

The actual return on plan assets totaled SEK 28 million (63).

A ctuarial assum ptions
Discount ra te .............
Inflation.................................................. Expected average remaining period of
Life adoption................................... The duration of benefit obligations Plan assets consist o f the following Interest-bearing securities............. Shares............................................. Real estate ..................................... Total

2015

2014

3.15%

2.40%

Not applicable Not applicable

Not applicable Not applicable

1.5%

1.2%

Not applicable Not applicable

DUS 14 tjm

DUS 14 tjm

14

16

31% 60%
9%
100%

60% 32%
8%
100%

F-42

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 26. PENSIO N O B LIG ATIO NS (Continued)

Sensitive analysis Discount rate +0,5%.................................................. Discount rate - 0 , 5 % ................................................ Inflation/pension indexing + 0,5%............................ Inflation/pension indexing -0 ,5 % ............................ Expected lifetime + 1 y e a r .......................................

Present value of obligations
560 675 680 555 646

Percentage change
(9)% 10% 11% (9)% 5%

The expected return on plan assets is defined by considering the expected return on the assets that are covered by the investment policy in question. The expected return on investments with a fixed interest rate is based on the return received if these securities are held until maturity. The expected return on shares and real estate is based on the long-term return that has occurred in the market in question.

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Current value of defined benefit o b lig a tio n .............................. . 614 683 608 700 659 Fair value of plan assets............................................................. . 622 613 566 543 522 Deficit/(surplus)............................................................................ . (8) 70 42 157 137

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Experience-based adjustments or defined benefit obligations . . 2 22 (1) (10) 7 Experience-based adjustments of plan assets .......................... . 13 42 19 14 2
Contributions for defined benefit plans are estimated at SEK 0 million in 2016, as the transition to Alecta took place on January 1, 2008. The former plan was paid-up. To the defined contribution pension plan the Group pays a fixed contribution into a separate unit (a Fund, Alecta). The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay additional fees if his legal entity if it hasn't insufficient assets to pay all employee benefits in the current or prior periods.

NO TE 27. OTHER PR O VISIO N S

Restoration for the environment111 Other Total

Opening balance 2014 ....................................... . .

48

Provisions during the y e a r ................................ . .

--

Amount u s e d ...................................................... . .

--

Unutilized amounts that have been reversed. . . . .

(37)

0 48

--

0

--

0

-- (37)

Closing balance 2 0 1 4 ......................................... . .

11

0 11

Provisions during the y e a r ................................ . .

51

Amount u s e d ...................................................... . .

--

Unutilized amounts that have been reversed. . . . .

(11)

-- 51 ----
-- (11)

Closing balance 2 0 1 5 ......................................... . .

51

0 51

(1) In 2015, a p ro v is io n o f SEK 51 m illio n m ad e in Preem AB re g a rd in g th e re m e d ia tio n o f la n d in co n n e c tio n w ith th e closure o f th e d e p ot Loudden and rem e d ia tio n o f a ditch at re fin e ry in G o thenburg. The p ro vision has been capitalized as fixed assets (land and land developm ent) w ith an am ortization period co rresponding cle a n u p tim e w h ic h is ca lcu la te d c o m p le te d in D e ce m b e r 2019. In 2015, also has 11 m illio n o f th e reserve fo r th e n o n -in itia te d re m e d ia tio n d is s o lv e d in c o n n e ctio n w ith th e re d u c tio n o f th e in su ra n ce co ve ra g e in Preem Insurance Company.

F-43

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 28. B O R R O W IN G S
Lo n g-term loans
Parent company Bond loans investors in E U R ........................ Bond loans investors in U S D ........................ Bond loans shareholder in E U R ................... Bond loans shareholder in U S D ................... Shareholder loans, subordinated in EUR . . . Shareholder loans, subordinated in USD . . . Total lon g -term loans, Parent C o m p an y . . . . Transaction expenses..................................... N e t to ta l lon g -term loans, Parent C o m p an y .
Group companies Loans in S E K .................................................. Loans in USD.................................................. Total lon g -term loans, G roup com panies . . . Transaction expenses.....................................
N e t to ta l lon g -term loans, G roup com panies
T o ta l lo n g -te rm lo a n s , G r o u p ...............................
Transaction expenses.....................................
N e t t o ta l lo n g -te rm lo a n s , G r o u p .......................

2015

2014

2,267 2,574 1,456
594 100 3,875

2,043 2,083 1,335
489 99
4,390

10,865
(37)
10,828

10,439
(56)
10,383

3,332 -- 6,292
-- 9,624
-- (271)
-- 9,353

10,865
(37)
10,828

2 0 ,0 6 3
(328)
19,736

S h o rt-te rm loans
Group companies Loans in S E K .................................................. Loans in USD.................................................. Total sho rt-term loans, G roup com panies . . Transaction expenses.....................................
N e t to ta l sh o rt-term loans, G roup com panies
T o ta l b o rro w in g , G r o u p ...........................................
N e t t o ta l b o rro w in g , G r o u p ..................................

2015

2014

. . 3,267 776 . . 4,155 785

. . 7,422 1,561

.. (115)

--

. . 7,308 1,561

. . 18,288 21,625

. . 18,136 21,297

Repayment plan

2016 2017 2018 2019 Total

Amortization schedule...................................................... 7,422 4,841 -- 6,025 18,288

F-44

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 28. B O R R O W IN G S (Continued)

Loan conditions, effective interest rate and m atu rity structure:

Long-term loans SEK, floating interest rate............. USD, floating interest r a te ........... EUR, fixed interest rate ............... USD, fixed interest r a te ............... Short-term loans SEK, floating interest rate............. USD, floating interest r a te ...........
T o ta l b o r r o w i n g .....................................
Transaction expenses...................
Total b o rro w in g incl. tran s ac tio n e x p e n s e s ..............................................

Nominal Value Effective Less than

More than

Local Currency Interest Rate 1 Year 1 - 5 Years 5 Years

--
418 843
3,267 497

14.56 9.62
2.81 3.29

--

--

--

--

3,823

--

--

7,042

--

3,267

--

--

4,155

--

--

7,422

10,865

--

(115)

(37)

--

7 ,3 0 8

10,828

-- 18,136

The remaining average fixed-interest period as of December 31, 2015 was approx. 23 months.

C om pliance w ith special loan conditions
Borrowing totaling SEK 7,287 million in both SEK and USD comprises a syndicated loan and is subject to a clause on a requirement to comply with conditions relating to a minimum level of adjusted equity, maximized amount of capital expenditures, interest cover ratio and adjusted net debt in relation to adjusted EBITDA. As at 31 December 2015 there are no defaults outstanding.

NO TE 29. BA NK OVERDRAFT, ETC.
Authorized credit limit bank overdraft Unutilized element............................ Utilized credit ................................... Other unutilized credit Authorized credit lim it...................... Total unutilized credit........................

2015
438 302
135

2014
411 411
--

1,119 1,664 1,421 2,075

NOTE 30. DERIVATIVES

Oil derivatives.......................................................................

2015 Assets Liabilities

0

--

2014 Assets Liabilities

0

1

Derivatives available for sale are classified as current assets or current liabilities. The full fair value of a derivative is classified as a non-current asset or non-current liability if the item's outstanding duration is more than 12 months and as a current asset or current liability if the item's outstanding duration is less than 12 months.

The maximum exposure to credit risk as of the balance sheet date is the fair value of the derivatives recorded as assets in the balance sheet.

F-45

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 30. DERIVATIVES (C ontinued)
Oil derivatives
The oil derivatives contracts are held primarily to economically hedge price changes in petroleum products. The nominal amount outstanding for oil derivative contracts were as per December 2015, long positions SEK 139 million and short position SEK 1,460 million.

N O TE 31. OTHER LIABILITIES

Value Added Tax..................................................................... ......... Excise Duties(1)....................................................................... ......... Other Liabilities ..................................................................... .........

2015
404 781 130
1,315

2014
381 765 122
1,267

(1) Excise d u tie s refe r to e n e rg y ta x , ca rb o n d io x id e ta x , s u lfu r ta x and a lco h o l tax.

N O TE 32. A C C R U ED EX PE N S ES A N D PREPAID IN C O M E

Purchases of crude oil and products ................................ ___ Personnel ............................................................................ ___ In te re st................................................................................ . . . . Other.................................................................................... . . . .

2015
2,086 283 1 478
2,848

2014
2,515 229 2 151
2,897

N O TE 33. PLEDGED A SS ETS A N D C O N T IN G E N T LIABILITIES

Pledged assets Shares in subsidiaries ........................................................ . . Property mortgages............................................................. . . Floating charges................................................................... . . Trade receivables................................................................. . . Deposits................................................................................ . .
Contingent Liabilities Sureties in favour of associates......................................... . . Guarantees FPG/PRI............................................................. . .

2015
8,172 4,000 8,000 3,176
372 23,721
93 2
95

2014
7,239 4,000 8,000 3,439
370 23,048
91 2
93

The real estate mortgages, floating charges, inventories and trade receivables refer to pledges in regards to fulfillment of obligations the Group's syndicated bank loans.
The deposits relate primarily to guarantees issued in connection with trade in oil derivatives. These amounts fall due for payment if the Group does not meet its commitments.

O th er contin g en t liabilities
A future close-down of operations within Preem may involve a requirement for decontamination and restoration works. This is, however, considered to be well into the future and the future expenses cannot be calculated reliably.

F-46

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 34. SUPPLEM ENTARY IN FO R M A TIO N FOR THE CASH FLOW STATEM ENT

2015 2014

Interest received/paid

Dividend received............................................................................

--6

Interest received ...............................................................................

7 12

Interest paid ................................................................................ (295) (396)

Adjustment for items not included in cash flow, etc.

Depreciation and impairment ofnon-currentassets.................... 973 1,060

Write-down of inventories.......................................................... (731) 1,143

Unrealized exchange rate losses(+)/gains(-)............................ (482) 2,137

Unrealized losses(+)/gains(-) on oil derivatives.............................

(1) 1

Element of capitalized borrowing costsrecordedas expenses .

177 177

Capitalized interest c o s t............................................................... 1,110 945

P ro v is io n ............................................................................................

(9) 2

Provision, receivables CMGO...................................................... 946 352

Capital loss from sale or disposal of non-current assets...........

12 11

Other............................................................................................. .......1 (11)

1,996 5,817

NOTE 35. FINANCIAL IN S T R U M E N TS

Financial in s tru m e n t by category

A ssets in balance sheet
Financial assets available for sale . . . . D erivatives........................................... . Lending to related p a rties................... . Trade and other receivables................. . Cash and cash equivalents ................. .
Total ...................................................... .

Loan, trade and other receivables
-- 1,567 4,098
422 6,088

2015

Assets measured at fair value
via profit/(loss) for the year

Available for sale

29

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

29

Carrying amount
29 0
1,567 4,098
422 6,117

Fair Value
29 0
1,567 4,098
422 6,117

Liabilities in balance sheet
B orrow ing............................................. ............. Derivatives............................................. ............. Other liabilities ..................................... .............
Total ...................................................... .............

Liabilities measured at fair value
via profit/(loss) for the year
-- --
-- --

Other financial liabilities
18,136 --
2,311 20,446

Carrying amount
18,136 0
2,311 20,446

Fair Value
18,446 0
2,311 20,757

F-47

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 35. FINANCIAL IN S T R U M E N TS (Continued)

A ssets in balance sheet
Financial assets available for sale . . . D erivatives......................................... . . Lending to related p a rties................. . . Trade and other receivables............... . . Cash and cash equivalents ............... . .
Total .................................................... . .

Loan, trade and other receivables
--
2,513 4,389 1,123 8,025

2014

Assets measured at fair value
via profit/(loss) for the year

Available for sale

27

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

27

Carrying amount
27 0
2,513 4,389 1,123 8,052

Fair Value
27 0
2,513 4,389 1,123 8,052

Liabilities in balance sheet
B orrow ing........................................... Derivatives........................................... Other liabilities ...................................
Total ....................................................

Liabilities measured at fair value
via profit/(loss) for the year

Other financial liabilities

Carrying amount

Fair Value

21,297 21,297 20,794

1

--

1

1

--

3,478 3,478 3,478

1

24,775 24,776 24,273

Financial in s tru m e n ts m e as u red a t fa ir v a lu e in th e b alan ce sheet
In the below table of financial instruments, measured at a fair value in the balance sheet, is divided into three different categories:
Level 1: Fair value based on quoted market prices on an active market for the same instruments
Level 2: Fair value based on quoted market prices on an active market for similar instruments or on a valuation principle where all variables is based on quoted market prices. This category contains oil derivatives in form of swaps and options and interest rate swaps.
Level 3: Fair value is based on a valuation principle and material variables are not based on market price.
2015 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
A ssets in b alan c e sheet
Oil derivatives................. Total ................................
L iab ilitie s in b alan ce sheet
Oil derivatives................. Total ................................

F-48

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 35. FINANCIAL IN S T R U M E N TS (Continued)
A ssets in b alan c e sheet
Oil derivatives.................................................... Total ...................................................................
L ia b ilitie s in b alan ce sheet
Oil derivatives.................................................... Total ...................................................................

2014 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

1

--

1

--

--

N O TE 36. T R A N S A C T IO N S W IT H RELATED PARTIES
Relations with related parties which imply a controlling influence.

Transactions w ith Associates
AB Djurgardsberg.......................................................... . . Goteborgs smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube AB ............... . . SunPine A B ..................................................................... . .

Sales
0 2 18

2015 Trade
Purchase receivables

1

--

139

0

682

3

Current liabilities
0 8 60

Transactions w ith R elated parties

Ultimate shareholder...................................................... . . --

--

Capital Trust Management L td ....................................... . . --

--

Constellation L td ............................................................. . . --

--

Corral Morocco Gas and Oil A B ..................................... . . --

--

Huda Trading A B ............................................................. . . --

--

Midroc Group in Scandinavia ....................................... . . 2 246

-- -- -- 1,567 --
0

6,025 -- -- -- -- 28

Transactions w ith Associates
AB Djurgardsberg.......................................................... . . Goteborgs smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube AB ............... . . SunPine A B ..................................................................... . .

Sales
0 2 20

2014 Trade
Purchase receivables

1

--

144

0

597

2

Current liabilities
0 5 1

Transactions w ith R elated parties

Ultimate shareholder...................................................... . . --

--

Capital Trust Management L td ....................................... . . --

0

Constellation L td ............................................................. . . --

16

Corral Morocco Gas and Oil A B ..................................... . . --

--

Huda Trading A B ............................................................. . . 0

1

Midroc Group in Scandinavia ....................................... . . 2 217

-- -- -- 2,513 --
0

6,313 -- -- --
-- 21

F-49

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 37. NUM BER OF EMPLOYEES

Average number of employees
Parent Company Sweden ........................................... Group Companies Sweden ........................................... ...............
G ro u p T o ta l ................................................ ....................

2015

No. of

Of which

employees male percent

1,319
1,319

75%
75%

2014

No. of

Of which

employees male percent

1,278
1,278

75%
75%

NOTE 38. GENDER D ISTR IB U TIO N IN C O M P A N Y M A N A G E M E N T

Group Total
Board of D irectors....................................... Other Senior Executives..............................

2015 Proportion Female
0% 29%

2014 Proportion Female
0% 17%

NOTE 39. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
In January 2016 the price of crude oil continued to weaken, but was partially offset by a strengthened value of the USD compared to SEK. Supply of crude oil remained higher than demand, which caused the price of crude oil to drop to a low of 27$/bbl in January. Since then, prices have regained ground as major producers are communicating willingness to freeze output at January levels in order to balance market. The overall effect on the Group has been that the costs of raw materials for production have decreased compared to recent years, while the competitiveness of our products in relation to other energy sources has increased. Preem has continued to purchase put options in accordance with our strategy to protect the balance sheet and cash flow. This strategy mitigated the effect from the falling crude price during the first two months of the year. The Group's current option positions have an average strike price of 28$/bbl with an expiry of May 25, 2016.
During the second quarter of 2016 the Group plans to establish a business in Norway, a country that the Group believes offers a favorable business environment with political stability and high consumer spending potential. Changes in the Norwegian tax regulations in October 2015 support both renewable and fossil fuel volumes in the Norwegian business. The Group sees a controlled depot as key to product differentiation and enhanced renewable share. Therefore, the Group has secured means of bulk deliveries into the Norwegian market by signing an agreement with a depot with a storage capacity of 27,000 m3in south-eastern Norway. The Group has further established a partnership with a prominent reseller and the first product volumes are expected to be delivered during the second quarter of 2016.
As of February 29th 2016, SEK 500 million was converted from a shareholder loan to a conditional shareholders' contribution.

F-50

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT To the Board of Directors and shareholder of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ)
R eport on th e Financial S ta te m e n ts
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) and subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows for the years then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Management's Responsibility for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial
statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved by EU, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor's Responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) and subsidiaries as at December 31,2014 and 2013, and their financial performance and their cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved by EU. Stockholm, Sweden March 31, 2015 KPMG AB
/s/ Cronie Wallquist Authorized Public Accountant
F-51

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
CO NSO LIDATED IN C O M E STATEM ENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013
(A m o u n ts in SEK m illio n )

Net sales .................................................... Excise duties ............................................. ............... S a le s r e v e n u e ............................................................ .............
Cost of goods s o ld .................................................... G ro s s p r o fit/(lo s s ) ................................................... ...............
Selling expenses......................................... ............... Administrative expenses............................ ............... Other operating in c o m e ............................ ............... O p e ra tin g ( l o s s ) ......................................... ...............
Financial income......................................... Financial expenses..................................... N e t fin an c ial i t e m s ....................................................

Notes
5 4 and 16 10,12,16
6 12 12 13 7 - 12, 36 - 38
14 and 16

Year ended December 31,
2014
94,170 (9,733)
8 4 ,4 3 8
(85,214)
(777)
(761) (511) 350
(1,699)
203 (4,503)
(4,300)

Year ended December 31,
2013
89,399 (9,993)
79,405
(78,825)
581
(744) (453) 409
(208)
173 (2,464)
(2,291)

Loss b e fo re t a x .........................................................

Income tax b e n e fit....................................................

15

N e t Loss fo r th e y e a r ................................

Net Loss attributable to: Parent Company's shareholder................. Non-controlling in te re s t............................

(5,999)
1,207
(4,792)
(4,792) 0
(4,792)

(2,499)
336
(2,163)
(2,163) 0
(2,163)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-52

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
CO NSO LIDATED STA TEM EN TS OF C O M PR EH EN SIVE IN C O M E FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013

(A m o u n ts in SEK m illio n )

Notes N e t Loss fo r t h e y e a r .................................................................................................

Year ended

Year ended

December 31, December 31,

2014

2013

(4,792) (2,163)

O th e r com prehensive (loss) incom e
Items that will not be reclassified to the profit or loss: Actuarial gains/(losses) on defined benefit pension plans . . . Income tax related to items that will not be reclassified . . . .
O th e r c o m p re h e n s iv e (loss) in c o m e , n e t a fte r t a x .......................

(35)

109

8

(24)

(26)

85

T o ta l c o m p re h e n s iv e l o s s ........................................................................................
Total comprehensive loss attributable to: Parent Company's shareholder.......................................................... Non-controlling in te re s t..........................................................

(4,818) (2,077)

(4,818) (2,077)

0

0

(4 ,8 1 8 )

(2 ,0 7 7 )

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-53

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
C O NSO LIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013
(A m o u n ts in SEK m illio n )

A ss ets N on-current assets
Intangible assets Goodwill..................................................................... ................... Construction in progress........................................... ...................
Property, Plant and Equipment Land and buildings.................................................... ................... Plant and machinery.................................................. ................... Capitalized turnaround costs..................................... ................... Equipment, tools, fixtures and fittin g s...................... ................... Constructions in progress......................................... ...................
Financial non-current assets Participating interests in associates.......................... ................... Receivables from associates..................................... Receivables from related parties.............................. ................... Financial assets available for s a le ............................ ................... Other non-current receivables...................................
Total non-current assets...........................................
C urrent assets
Inventories................................................................. ................... Trade receivables...................................................... ................... Derivatives................................................................. ................... Other receivables...................................................... Prepaid expenses and accrued inco m e ...................
Cash and cash equivalents....................................... ...................
Total current assets....................................................
T o ta l ass ets ...............................................................................................................

Notes

As of December 31,

2014

2013

17

308 308

17

68

23

376 330

18

1,285 1,241

18

5,549 5,510

18

658 674

18

445 449

18

599 962

8,536 8,836

19
20 and 35 21 and 35

116 1
2,513 27 0
2,657
11,569

113 1
2,865 27 2
3,008
12,174

22 23 and 35 30 and 35

7,292 3,465
--
924 440
12,120

11,108 4,604
0 657 279
16,647

24 and 35 1,123 2,580

13,243 19,226

24,812 31,400

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-54

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
CO NSO LIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (A m o u n ts in SEK m illio n )

Notes

As of December 31,

2014

2013

Equity and Liabilities
E q u ity
Equity attributable to Parent Company's shareholder Share capital....................................................................... Other paid-in c a p ita l.......................................................... Retained loss includes net profit/(loss) for the y e a r.........

1 5,228 (7,693)
(2,464)

1 4,178 (2,875)
1,304

Non-controlling interest......................................................

0

0

Total e q uity.......................................................................... . . .

25

(2,464) 1,304

L ia b ilitie s
Non-current liabilities Pension obligations............................................................. . . . Deferred tax lia b ility .......................................................... . . . Other provisions................................................................. . . . Shareholders' loans............................................................. . . . Borrowing............................................................................ . . . Other non-current liabilities................................................
Current liabilities Borrowing............................................................................ . . . Advance payments from customers................................... Trade payables................................................................... . . . Liabilities to associates...................................................... Current tax liabilities.......................................................... D erivatives.......................................................................... . . . Other lia b ilitie s ................................................................... . . . Accrued expenses and prepaid inco m e ............................ . . .

26 15 27 28, 29 and 35 28, 29 and 35
28, 29 and 35
35
30 and 35 31 and 35
32

70 (531)
11 4,490 15,246
23
19,310

42 680
48 4,523 15,001
21
20,315

1,561 9
2,133 53 46 1
1,267 2,897
7,967

1,819 5
2,587 100 274
--
1,348 3,648
9,781

Total liabilities.....................................................................

27,276 30,097

T o ta l e q u ity a n d l i a b ili t ie s ..........................................................................

24,812 31,400

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-55

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
C O N SO LID A TED STA TEM EN T OF C H A N G ES IN EQ U ITY G R O U P FOR THE YEARS EN D IN G DECEMBER 31, 2014 A N D 2013 (A m o u n ts in SEK m illio n )

Note 25
O p e n in g e q u ity 0 1 / 0 1 / 2 0 1 3 ....................... . .
Net Loss for the year............................ Other comprehensive loss................... . . Total comprehensive loss ................... . . Merger of subsidiaries.......................... Transactions with non controlling
interests............................................. . .
C lo sin g e q u ity 1 2 / 3 1 / 2 0 1 3 .......................... . .
Net Loss for the year............................ . . Other comprehensive loss................... . . Total comprehensive loss ................... . . Shareholders Contribution received . . . . .
C lo sin g e q u ity 1 2 / 3 1 / 2 0 1 4 .......................... . .

Attributable to Parent Company's shareholder

Other Share paid-in Retained capital capital earnings

Total

Non controlling
interest

1

4,178

(794) 3,385

9

--

-- (2,163) (2,163)

0

--

--

85

85

--

---

-- (2,077) (2,077) --

--

0

0--

--

--

(4)

(4) (9)

1

4,178 (2,875) 1,304

0

---

-- (4,792) (4,792)

0

--

--

(26) (26) --

--

-- (4,818) (4,818)

0

-- 1,050

0 1,050

--

1

5,228 (7,693) (2,464)

0

Total equity
3,393
(2,163) 85
(2,077) 0
(13)
1,303
(4,792) (26)
(4,818) 1,050
(2,464)

The Board of Directors has not proposed any dividend for the current financial year.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-56

CORRAL PETRO LEUM H O LD IN G S AB (publ) CO NSO LIDATED STA TEM EN TS OF CASH FLO W S FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013
(A m o u n ts in SEK m illio n )

Operating activities Loss before ta x ......................................................................... Adjustments for items not included in cash flow .................
Tax paid/received.....................................................................

Year ended

Year ended

December 31, December 31,

Notes

2014

2013

(5,999)

34

5,817

(182) (222)

(404)

(2,499) 2,608
109 12
121

Increase (-)/Decrease (+) in inventories................................ Increase (-)/Decrease (+) in operating receivables............... Increase (+)/Decrease ( - ) in operatingliabilities................................

2,672

(787)

717

431

(1,498) 2,620

C ash f lo w fr o m /u s e d in o p e ra tin g a c t i v i t i e s .................................................

1,487 2,385

Investing activities Transactions with non controlling interests............................ Capital expenditure of intangible assets............................... Capital expenditure of property, plant and equipment.......... Disposal of property, plant and equipm ent............................ Increase/Decrease in financial assets.......................................

-- (45) (773)
1 3

(13) (16) (1,375) 11 (3)

C ash f lo w u sed in in v e s tin g a c t iv it ie s .................................................

(814)

(1,395)

Financing activities New lo a n s ........................................................................................... Repayment of lo a n s ........................................................................... Expenses in connection with arrangement of loans ............. Dividend paid to non-controlling in te re s t............................................

5,611 8,710

(7,741) (7,614)

--

(153)

----

C ash f lo w fr o m /u s e d in fin a n c in g a c t i v i t i e s ................................................

(2,130) 943

C ash f lo w fo r t h e y e a r ..............................................................................................
Opening cash and cash equivalents..................................................

(1,457) 1,933
2,580 646

C lo sin g cash a n d cash e q u iv a le n t s .....................................................................

1,123 2,580

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-57

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O LIC IE S
Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) (the Parent Company), corp. ID no. 556726-8569, and its subsidiary constitute the largest oil company in Sweden.
The Parent Company is a joint stock company registered in and with its registered office in Sweden. The address of the head office is c/o Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB, 25/n Park Lane, W1K 1RA, London.
Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Moroncha Holdings Co. Limited (Cyprus).
The board of directors has on March 31, 2015, approved the consolidated income statements, the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated cash flow statements.
The most important accounting policies that have been applied in producing these consolidated financial statements are described below. Unless otherwise specified, these policies are applied consistently.
Basis on w h ic h th e S ta te m e n ts have been Produced
The consolidated financial statements for the Corral Petroleum Holdings AB Group (Corral) have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, with the exception of IAS 33, Earnings per Share, on the grounds that Corral is not quoted on a regulated market. RFR 1 ''Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups,'' issued by the Swedish Financial Reporting Board, have been applied. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using the cost method, apart from financial assets available for sale and financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value via profit/(loss) for the year.
The preparation of reports in accordance with IFRS requires the use of a number of important estimates for accounting purposes. It also requires that management carry out certain assessments when applying the Group's accounting policies. For areas that involve a high degree of assessment, which are complex or areas where assumptions and estimates are of significant importance for the consolidated financial statements, see note 3.
The financial statements are presented in Swedish kronor (SEK), which is the Parent Company's functional currency. Unless otherwise stated, all figures are rounded to the nearest million. Amounts in the Group's financial consolidation system are based on SEK thousands. Due to the rounding of figures in the tables to the nearest SEK million, the sum total is not exactly equal to the sum of all components in some cases.
Standards, amendments and interpretations that came into force in 2014
Amendments that have come into effect are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.
New IFRS and interpretations that have not yet come into force
A number of new or amended IFRS will first come into force in future financial years and have not been subject to early adoption in the preparation of these financial statements. There are no plans for early adoption of new or amended standards that will come into force in the future.
Upcoming amendments that are anticipated to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements are described below.
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is intended to replace IAS 39 Financial Instrument: Recognition and measurement. The standard is not yet ready and no parts of it have been adopted by the European Commission. Potential effects have not yet been evaluated.
F-58

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers is intended to replace IAS 18 Revenue. The standard is not yet ready and no parts of it have been adopted by the European Commission. Potential effects have not yet been evaluated. Other upcoming amendments adopted by IASB are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.
Classifications in the balance sheet
Non-current assets and non-current liabilities consist essentially of amounts that are expected to be recovered or paid after more than twelve months from the balance sheet date.
Current assets and current liabilities consist essentially of amounts that are expected to be recovered or paid within twelve months of the balance sheet date.
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are companies (including structured entities) that are under the controlling influence of Corral. ''Controlling influence'' means to have a direct or indirect right to formulate a company's financial and operational strategies for the purpose of receiving financial benefits. When assessing whether control exists, consideration is given to potential shares providing entitlement to vote that can be immediately used or converted. Subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements as from the date on which control was transferred to the Group. They are excluded from the consolidated financial statements as from the date on which control ceases.
The acquisition method is used to record the Group's acquisition of subsidiaries. The cost of an acquisition comprises the fair value of assets given as payment, equity instruments issued and liabilities arising or assumed as of the transfer date. Transaction expenses directly attributable to the acquisition are recorded as an expense as they arise. Identifiable acquired assets and assumed liabilities and contingent liabilities in an acquisition of a business are initially measured at the fair values on the acquisition date, regardless of the scale of any possible non-controlling interest.
The surplus that comprises the difference between the cost and the fair value of the Group's share of identifiable acquired assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When the difference is negative, this is recorded directly in the profit/(loss) for the year.
Internal Group transactions and balance sheet items, as well as unrealized profit on transactions between Group companies, are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, although any losses are viewed as an indication that there is a need for an impairment charge in the transferred asset. The accounting policies for subsidiaries have been amended as appropriate to guarantee a consistent application of the Group's policies.
Transactions with non-controlling interests
Acquisitions from non-controlling interests are recognized as transactions under shareholders' equity, i.e. between the Parent Company's owner (under profit brought forward) and no controlling interests. Consequently no goodwill arises as a result of these transactions. The change in non-controlling interests is based on their proportional share of net assets.
Sales to non-controlling interests
Sales to non-controlling interests where a controlling interest remains are recognized as transactions under shareholders' equity, i.e. between the Parent Company's owner and non-controlling interests. The difference between proceeds received and the non-controlling interest's proportional share of acquired net assets is reported under profit brought forward.
F-59

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
Associates
Associates are all companies in which the Group has significant but not controlling influence, which mainly applies for shareholdings that encompass between 20% and 50% of the votes. As from the date on which the significant influence is obtained, shares in associates are recorded in the consolidated financial statements according to the equity method and are measured initially at the cost. The Group's carrying amount of holdings in associates includes goodwill that is identified upon acquisition, net after any necessary impairment charges.
Any difference on acquisition between the cost of the shareholding and the owner company's share of the net fair value net of the associate's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities is recorded using the same principles as used on the acquisition of subsidiaries.
The Group's share of the profit / loss in associates after the acquisition is recorded in the profit/ loss for the year. Accumulated changes after the acquisition are recorded as a change in the carrying amount of the shareholding. When the Group's share in an associate's losses is equal to or exceeds its holding in the associate, including any unsecured receivables, the Group does not record any additional losses unless the Group has assumed obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
Unrealized profits on transactions between the Group and its associate are eliminated in proportion to the Group's holding in the associate. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, unless the transaction constitutes evidence that there is a need for an impairment of the transferred asset.
The equity method is applied until the date on which the significant influence ceases.
S eg m en t Reporting
An operating segment is a part of the Group that carries on operations from which it can generate revenues and incur costs for which separate financial information is available. An operating segment result is monitored by the Group's senior executives to evaluate performance and to allocate resources to the operating segment. See Note 4 for a further description of the classification and presentation of the operating segments.
Translation of Foreign Currency
Functional currency and reporting currency
Items included in the financial statements for the various entities in the Group are measured in the currency used in the financial environment where each company has its main operations (functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are prepared in Swedish kronor (SEK), which is the Parent Company's functional currency and reporting currency.
Transactions and balance sheet items
Transactions in foreign currency are translated into the functional currency according to the exchange rates prevailing on the date of exchange. Exchange rate gains/losses arising on payment of such transactions and when translating monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currency at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date are recorded in the profit/loss for the year. Exchange rate changes that arise during the time between invoicing of and payment for products affect the Group's gross profit/loss. Other exchange rate changes affect the Group's net financial income/expense. The Company does not hedge transactions or investments in foreign currency. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are adopted as exchange rates prevailing on the date of exchange.
F-60

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
Group companies
The performance and financial position of all Group companies that have a different functional and reporting currency are translated into the Group's presentation currency as follows: assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, income and expenses for each of the income statements are translated at the average exchange rate, and all net exchange differences that arise are recorded in other comprehensive income.
In connection with consolidation, net exchange differences arising from the translation of net investments in foreign operations are posted to other comprehensive income with an accumulated effect on equity. On the partial or total disposal of a foreign operation, the exchange rate differences recorded in equity are posted to profit/loss for the year and recorded as an element of the capital gain/loss.
Goodwill and adjustments of fair value that arise in connection with the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities in this operation and are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date.

Property, Plant and Equipm ent
All property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost minus accumulated depreciation and any impairment, apart from any relating to land, platinum and palladium, which are recorded under plant and equipment, as these are included as catalysts in the reformer and isomerization plants and are not consumed. Property, plant and equipment consisting of elements with different useful lives are treated as separate components of property, plant and equipment.
Cost includes expenses that can be directly attributed to the acquisition of the assets. Additional expenses are added to the asset's carrying amount or are recorded as a separate asset, as applicable. The expenses are added to the asset's carrying amount only if it is likely that the future economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group and the asset's cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount for the replaced element is derecognized from the balance sheet. All other kinds of repairs and maintenance are recorded as expenses during the period in which they arise.
Depreciation of other assets, in order to allocate their cost to the estimated residual value over the estimated useful life, is applied on a straight-line basis as follows:

Buildings and storage cham bers................................................ Land installations......................................................................... Plant and equipm ent................................................................... Capitalized turnaround costs for refineries................................ Inventories, tools, fixtures and fittin g s .......................................

20 - 50 years 20 years
10 - 30 years 6 years
3 - 10 years

The refinery installations consist of a number of components with different useful lives. The main breakdown is into plant and equipment. There are, however, several components that have different useful lives within this main breakdown. The following main component groups have been identified and form the basis of depreciation of refinery installations.

Electrical Installations and Instruments............................................. Heat exchangers.................................................................................. Steam boiler......................................................................................... Steel installation.................................................................................. Pressure vessel....................................................................................

15 years 15 years 20 years 30 years 30 years

The residual values and useful lives of the assets are reviewed on each balance sheet date and adjusted as required.

F-61

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
An asset's carrying amount is impaired immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. This is tested in the event of an indication of such a need.
The carrying amount of plant, property and equipment is derecognized from the balance sheet on retirement or disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from the use or the retirement/disposal of the asset. Profits and losses on disposal are determined by means of a comparison between sales income and the carrying amount, and are recorded net in the income statement depending on the function to which the asset belongs.
Borrowing expenses directly attributable to the purchasing, design or production of an asset and where a significant length of time is needed to make the asset ready for its intended use or sale are included in the cost of the asset.
Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill constitutes the amount by which the cost exceeds the fair value of the Group's share of the acquired subsidiary's/associate's identifiable net assets on the acquisition date. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is recorded as intangible assets. Goodwill is tested at least on an annual basis to identify any possible impairment need and is recorded at the cost minus accumulated impairment. Impairment of goodwill is not reversed. A profit or loss on the disposal of an entity includes the residual carrying amount of the goodwill that relates to the disposed entity.
Goodwill is allocated among cash generating units in connection with the testing of a possible need for impairment. This allocation is carried out to the cash generating units or groups of cash generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination which gave rise to the goodwill item. The Group allocates goodwill among segments. The Group's carrying amount of goodwill of SEK 308 million (308) is allocated in its entirety to the Supply & Refining segment.
Other intangible assets
Other intangible assets refer to licenses and other intellectual property. The assets are measured at cost minus deductions for depreciation and impairments. Depreciation is applied on a straight-line basis over the intangible asset's useful life and begins when it is used. The value is assessed at least annually and written down if such an assessment shows its value in use is less than recognized value.
The Group has no other intangible assets that can be capitalized. The cost of internally generated goodwill and brands, for example, is therefore recorded as an expense as it arises.
Im p airm en t of N on-Financial Assets
Assets with an indeterminate useful life, such as goodwill, are not amortized, but are tested annually for any possible impairment. Assets that are amortized are assessed for loss of value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment is applied at the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment impacts profit/loss for the year. The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's fair value minus cost of sales and its value in use. When assessing an impairment need, assets are grouped at the lowest levels where there are separate identifiable cash flows (cash generating units). For assets other than financial assets and goodwill that have previously been impaired, a test is performed on each balance sheet date to determine whether there should be a reversal. The carrying amount after reversal of impairments must not exceed the carrying amount that should have been recorded if no impairment had been applied.
F-62

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
In v e n to rie s
Inventories are recorded at the lower of the cost and the net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first in, first out method (FIFO). Cost for petroleum products, which is expressed in USD, is recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the Bill of Lading.
The cost of finished goods and work in progress consists of raw material, direct wages, other direct operating expenses and attributable indirect manufacturing expenses (based on normal manufacturing capacity). Net realizable value is the estimated selling price from operating activities less the cost of production and sales.
With regard to crude oil, replacement cost is used as the best available measure of net realizable value. In cases where the net realizable value is less than the cost of crude oil and therefore, an impairment need, the amount is reduced in cases where the products' net realizable value exceeds cost. The reduction in the impairment amount for the crude oil consists of the difference between the products' net realizable value and cost.
Borrowed inventory is not included in the value of inventories, and in the same way inventory out on loan is included in the value of inventories, as significant risks and benefits have not been transferred.
Current and Deferred Tax
The current tax expense is calculated on the basis of the tax rules adopted or adopted in practice on the balance sheet date in the countries where the Parent Company's subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable income. Management conducts regular assessments of claims lodged in tax returns in respect of situations in which applicable tax rules are subject to interpretation and, if appropriate, makes provisions for amounts that will probably have to be paid to the Swedish Tax agency. Taxes are recorded in the consolidated income statements, except when underlying transactions is other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Current tax is tax that must be paid or received in respect of the current year. This also includes any adjustment of current tax attributable to previous periods.
Deferred tax is recorded in full, using the balance sheet method, for all temporary differences arising between the tax base of receivables and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. The deferred tax is not, however, recorded if it arises as a consequence of a transaction that constitutes the initial recording of an asset or liability that is not a business combination and which, at the time of the transaction, has no effect on either the recorded profit/loss or the profit/loss for tax purposes. Deferred income tax is calculated applying tax rates (and laws) that have been adopted or announced as of the balance sheet date and that are expected to be in force when the relevant deferred tax receivables is realized or the deferred tax liability is settled. Deferred tax assets are recorded to the extent that it is probable that future tax surpluses will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized. The value of deferred tax receivables is reduced when it is no longer considered likely that they can be utilized.
Provisions
Provisions for environmental restoration measures and legal requirements are recorded when the Group has a legal or an informal obligation as a consequence of earlier events, and it is likely that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the commitment and that a reliable estimate of the amount can be made. The Group has made provisions for environmental restoration measures relating to the non-operational depots and the decommissioning of filling stations where this has been decided.
F-63

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
Provisions are measured at the present value of the amount that is expected to be required to settle the obligation. In this context a discount rate before tax is used that reflects a current market assessment of the time-based value of money and the risks that are associated with the provision.
C o ntingent Liabilities
A contingent liability is recorded when there is a possible commitment that originates from events that have occurred and the existence of which is only confirmed by one or more uncertain future events or when there is a commitment that is not recorded as a liability or a provision because it is not likely that an outflow of resources will be required or that the outflow cannot be calculated.
A future close-down of operations within the Group may involve a requirement for decontamination and restoration works. It is believed, however, that such an event will take place well into the future, and the future expenses cannot be reliably calculated, so this cannot therefore be considered to be a contingent liability.
Em ployee Benefits
Pension commitments
The Group has defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans. A defined contribution pension plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions to a separate legal entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay extra contributions if this legal entity does not have sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits that are associated with the employees' service during the current or previous periods. A defined benefit pension plan is a pension plan that is not a defined contribution plan. The feature of defined benefit plans is that they specify an amount of the pension benefit that an employee receives after retirement based on length of service and salary at retirement. The pension plans are usually financed by payments to insurance companies or managed funds in accordance with periodic actuarial calculations.
The pension commitments have been secured by means of occupational pension insurance, liabilities entered into an account allocated for pensions (FPG/PRI) or payment to a pension fund (the KP Foundation) in accordance with the provisions of the Swedish Pension Obligation Vesting Act. The defined benefit pension plans are both funded and unfunded. If the plans are funded, assets have been separated in the pension fund (KP Foundation). These plan assets can only be used to make payments under pension agreements. The plan assets are measured at the fair value as of the reporting date.
The liability recorded in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation on the balance sheet date. The defined benefit pension obligation is calculated on an annual basis by independent actuaries applying the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is defined by discounting the estimated future cash flows using the interest rate for first class government bonds issued in the same currency in which the benefits will be paid and with terms comparable to those of the relevant pension liability.
Revaluation effects consist of actuarial gains and losses, the difference between actual returns on plan assets and the amount included in net interest income/expense and any changes to the effects of access restrictions (excluding interest which is included in net interest income/expense). Revaluation effects are recorded in other comprehensive income. Payroll tax is part of the actuarial assumptions and is therefore reported as part of the net liability/asset.
Expenses in respect of service during earlier periods are recorded in profit/loss for the year, unless the changes in the pension plan are conditional upon the employees remaining in service
F-64

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
for a specified period (the qualification period). In such cases the past service expenses are allocated on a straight-line basis over the qualification period.
For defined contribution pension plans, the Group pays contributions into publicly or privately managed pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no additional payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The cost is recorded in the consolidated profit or loss as the benefits are earned. Prepaid contributions are recorded as an asset to the extent that cash repayment or a reduction in future payments may benefit the Group.
Remuneration on notice of termination
Remuneration on notice of termination is paid when notice is served by the Group to terminate an employee's employment before normal retirement age or when an employee accepts voluntary termination in exchange for such compensation. The Group records severance payments when it has been clearly obliged either to lay off an employee according to a detailed, formal plan without any possibility of recall, or to pay termination benefits as a result of an offer having been made to encourage voluntary termination.
Profit-sharing plans
The Group records a liability and an expense for profit shares based on the return on working capital. The Group records a provision when there is a legal obligation or a constructive obligation based on previous practice.
Incom e Recording
Income comprises the fair value of what has been received or will be received. Income is recognized excluding VAT, returns and discounts, and after the elimination of internal Group sales. Net sales include excise taxes deducted and recorded on a separate line before sales revenue.
The Group records an item of income when its amount including attributable expenses can be measured reliably and it is probable that future economic benefits will accrue to the Company. It is not considered that the income amount can be measured reliably until all obligations in respect of the sale have been fulfilled or expired. The Group bases its assessments on historical results and in doing so takes account of the type of customer, type of transaction and special circumstances in each individual case.
Sale of goods
The Group's main income originates from the sale of goods in the form of petroleum products. Sales of products take place to oil companies operating in Sweden and on the international market, primarily in Northwestern Europe. Sales of gasoline, diesel, heating oils and lubricating oils in the Swedish market to private customers, large and small companies take place via our own marketing channels, Preem Partners and filling stations.
Income from sale of goods is recorded when the Group has transferred the significant risks and benefits associated with ownership of the goods to the buyer, which takes place in connection with delivery. Once the income for the sale of a product has been recorded, the Group no longer has any involvement in the ongoing administration usually associated with ownership, nor does it exercise any actual control over the goods sold.
A large proportion of the Group's sales of products take place by ship. These sales are often subject to the terms of transport CIF (cost insurance freight) and FOB (free on board), which means that these income items are normally recorded on the date on which the goods are loaded onto the ship, i.e., on the BL date (Bill of Lading). For other sales, the income item is recorded in connection
F-65

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
with delivery to the customer, for example, Preem Partners or end consumers via filling stations operated by the Group.
Financial Incom e and Expenses
Financial income consists of interest income from invested funds (including financial assets available for sale), income from dividends, gains from the disposal of financial assets available for sale and gains from the change in value of financial assets measured at fair value via profit/loss for the year. Exchange rate gains and losses on financial assets are recorded net as financial income.
Interest income from financial instruments is recorded using effective interest method. Income from dividends is recorded when entitlement to receive the dividend has been confirmed. The profit from the disposal of a financial asset is recorded when the risks and benefits associated with ownership of the instrument have been transferred to the buyer and the Group no longer exercises control over the instrument.
Financial expenses consist of interest expenses on loans including the proportion of transaction expenses in connection with the borrowing that is recorded as expenses during the year, the effect of calculating the present value of provisions, losses in the event of changes in value of financial assets measured at fair value through profit/loss for the year and impairment of financial assets. Exchange rate gains and losses on financial liabilities are recorded net as financial expenses.
As a general rule, borrowing costs charge the profit/loss for the period to which they relate. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the purchasing, design or production of an asset and where a significant length of time is needed to make the asset ready for its intended use or sale, must be included in the cost of the asset. The capitalized interest expenses for the year are SEK 2 million (7) and relate primarily to the balance sheet item ''Constructions in progress''. The average interest rate applied is 4.4% (4.2%).
Leasing
Lessee Leasing in which a significant element of the risks and benefits of ownership is retained by the
lessor is classified as operational leasing. Payments made during the lease term (after deductions of any incentives from the lessor) are recorded as expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable expenses are recorded as expenses in the periods when they arise. The Group has operational lease agreements only.
Lessor A lease agreement is an agreement according to which a lessor gives a lessee the right to use
an asset in return for payment in accordance with agreed terms and for an agreed period. Assets that are leased out under an operational lease agreement are recorded as an asset in the balance sheet. The lease payment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The Group has operational lease agreements only.
D iv id e n d s
A dividend to the Parent Company's shareholder is recorded in the consolidated financial statements in the period when the dividend was approved by the Parent Company's shareholder.
F-66

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
Em ission Rights
The present period covers the time from 2013 up to and including 2020. The Group's two refineries in Lysekil and Gothenburg have been allocated emission rights free of charge for one year at a time. Unutilized emission rights may be carried forward to subsequent years within the eight-year period. Any deficit must be covered by purchase of emission rights on a market or through improvements in energy efficiency.
The allocation of emission rights within the period described above does not involve any cost to the Company and neither allocation nor consumption has therefore affected the profit/loss for the year and the balance sheet. The sale or acquisition of emission rights is recorded in the income statement under the headings net sales or cost of goods sold.
Em ission Rights

O p e n in g b a la n c e , 2 0 1 4 ..............................................................................................................................

Cancelled emission rights that could not be s o ld ......................................................

Number of emission rights allocated in 2014 ..........................................................

Number of emission rights consumed

2013which was cancelled in 2014 ....

Number of emission rights purchased

2014......................................................

Number of emission rights sold 2014........................................................................

Results swap of emission rights in 2014 ...................................................................

C lo sin g b a la n c e , 2 0 1 4 .................................................................................................................................
Number of emission rights allocated in 2015 .............................................................

Results swap of emission rights in 2015 ...................................................................

N u m b e r o f e m is s io n rig h ts b e fo re c a n c e l l a t i o n ..........................................................................

Prel. number of emission rights consumed in 2014 and cancelled in April 30, 2015

Prel. b a la n c e a fte r a llo c a tio n rig h ts A p ril 3 0 , 2 0 1 5 .....................................................................

2 ,1 3 1 ,5 2 9
(2,017) 2,071,540 (1,967,719) 2,000,000 (2,000,000)
1,000
2 ,2 3 4 ,3 3 3
2,029,164 316,000
4 ,5 7 9 ,4 9 7
(2,156,244)
2 ,4 2 3 ,2 5 3

During the next trading period of emission rights, i.e. 2013 to 2020, the Group expects to receive a lower allocation, but still sufficient to compensate for emissions. The final allocation was decided at the EU level in 2013 and, as opposed to the two previous trading periods, joint EUallocation rules have been implemented. These are based on the guideline figures from the most efficient greenhouse gas facilities in each sector of the EU. This benefits the facilities that are most efficient. In Sweden it is particularly pulp and paper industries and district heating plants that receive a much higher allocation than their historic emissions. Electricity production are not given a free allocation.

Financial Assets and Liabilities
Financial assets are classified in the following categories: financial assets measured at fair value through the profit/loss for the year, loans receivable and trade receivables measured at accrued cost, and financial assets available for sale measured at fair value via other comprehensive income. The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial asset was acquired. Management determines the classification of financial assets when they are initially recorded.
Financial liabilities are classified in the following categories: financial liabilities measured at fair value through the profit/loss for the year, and other financial liabilities.
Purchases and sales of financial assets are recorded on the date of exchange--the date on which the Group commits itself to buy or sell the asset. When initially recorded, financial assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value plus or minus any transaction costs if the asset or liability in question is not measured at the fair value through profit/loss for the year. Financial assets are

F-67

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
derecognized from the balance sheet when the right to receive cash flows from the instrument has expired or been transferred, and the Group has essentially transferred all risks and benefits associated with the right of ownership. A financial liability or part of a financial liability is derecognized in the balance sheet when the obligation in the contract has been fulfilled or otherwise cancelled.
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through the profit/(loss) for the year
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through the profit/loss for the year are financial assets available for sale. A financial asset or liability is classified in this category if it is acquired primarily with a view to selling it within a short period of time. Derivatives are classified as available for sale if they are not identified as hedging instruments.
The Group makes use of oil derivatives that are short-term and are classified in the balance sheet either as current assets or current liabilities under the heading ''derivatives'' and in the income statement under the heading ''cost of goods sold'' in contrast to the result of other financial instruments which are recorded in net financial interest/expense.
The Group holds derivatives but does not apply hedge accounting.
Loan receivables and trade receivables
Loan receivables and trade receivables are financial assets that are not derivatives, which have payments that are fixed or can be fixed, and that are not listed in an active market. These items are measured at the accrued cost. Trade receivables are included in current assets when there are no items with an expiry date more than 12 months after the balance sheet date. Loan receivables are included in financial assets when the expiry date is after more than 12 months. The Group's non-current loan receivables consist primarily of loans to affiliates.
Trade receivables are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently at accrued cost, minus any provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is made when there is objective evidence that the Group will not receive all amounts due under the original terms and conditions of the receivables. Indications that a debtor will be declared bankrupt or undergo financial restructuring, as well as non-payment or delayed payments, are sufficient to initiate impairment of a trade receivable. The level of provision is the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the estimated future cash flows. The asset's carrying amount is reduced by means of an impairment account, and the loss is recorded as other comprehensive income depending on the function to which the trade or other receivable relates. When a trade or other receivable cannot be collected, it is written off against the impairment account for trade receivables. Any recovery of an amount that has previously been written off is credited to the function to which it relates in the consolidated income statement.
This category also includes cash and cash equivalents, which consist of cash, bank balances and other current investments with an expiry date within three months of the acquisition date.
Financial assets available for sale
Financial assets available for sale are assets that are not derivatives and where the assets have been identified as being available for sale or have not been classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets if management does not intend to dispose of the asset within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Financial assets in this category are measured at fair value with changes in value for the period recorded in order comprehensive income and accumulated changes in value in a special component of shareholders' equity, excluding changes in value due to impairments, interest on debt instruments and dividend income, as well as foreign exchange differences on monetary items which are recorded in profit/
F-68

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
N O T E 1. S IG N IF IC A N T A C C O U N T IN G P O L IC IE S (C o n tin u e d )
loss for the year. On disposal of the asset, accumulated profits/losses, which have been previously recorded in the statement of other comprehensive income, are recorded in profit/loss for the year.
The fair value of publicly listed securities is based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not active (and for non-listed securities), the Group establishes fair value by applying valuation techniques such as the use of information in respect of recently completed transactions at an arms-length transactions, reference to the fair value of another instrument that is essentially identical, analysis of discounted cash flows and option valuation models. In this context market information is used to as great an extent as possible, while company-specific information is used as little as possible. If the Company believes that these methods do not produce a reliable value, the assets are measured at the cost. All financial assets available for sale are measured as of the balance sheet date at cost if a reliable value cannot be calculated.
Other financial liabilities The category ''other financial liabilities'' includes borrowing and other liabilities (trade
payables and other current liabilities).
Borrowing Borrowing is initially recorded at fair value, net after transaction expenses. Borrowing is
subsequently recorded at accrued cost and any difference between the amount received (net after transaction expenses) and the repayment amount is recorded as ''financial expenses'' divided over the term of the loan. Borrowing is classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer payment of the debt for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.
Other liabilities Other liabilities are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently at accrued cost.
Im p airm en t of Financial Assets
On each balance sheet date the Group considers whether there is objective evidence that an impairment need exists for a financial asset or group of financial assets. With regard to shares that are classified as assets available for sale, a significant or extended impairment in the fair value of a share to a level below its cost is considered to constitute an indication that there is an impairment need. If such evidence exists for financial assets available for sale, the accumulated loss-- calculated as the difference between the cost and the current fair value minus any previous impairment recorded in the profit/loss for the year--is derecognized from equity and is recorded in the profit/loss for the year. Impairments of equity instruments, which are recorded in the profit/ loss) for the year, are not reversed via the profit/loss for the year. Provisions of trade receivables are described in Note 23.
NO TE 2. FIN A N C IA L RISK M A N A G E M E N T
The Group is exposed to a number of different financial risks in the course of its activities: market risk (which includes currency risk, price risk, and interest rate risk in fair value and in cash flow), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's risk management policies focus on the unpredictability of the financial markets and strive to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group's financial results.
F-69

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NO TE 2. FIN A N C IA L RISK M A N A G E M E N T (C ontinued)
Risk Policy and O bjectives
The Group's financial risk management policy aims to reduce volatility in financial results and cash flows while retaining a high level of efficiency in business activities.
All activities associated with the management of risks relating to financial instruments are handled by the Treasury Department within the subsidiary Preem, with the exception of oil derivatives, which are handled by the Supply & Refining segment. Management of financial risks is regulated by joint Group-wide policies established by the Board of Directors. The aim of the Company's trading in derivatives is to make sure that financial risks are kept within limits determined by the Board of Directors. The Group does not apply hedge accounting.
M a rk e t Risk
Currency risk
The Group operates internationally, and is exposed to currency risks arising from exposure to various currencies, in particular in respect of USD. Transaction risks within the Group arise from future business transactions. Translation risk arises when revaluing recorded assets and liabilities.
Transaction risk
The Group purchase and sells oil products in USD. The refining margin is thus expressed in USD, which represents a currency risk. For example, this means that when the SEK becomes weaker against the USD, the currency effect on the refining margin will have a positive effect on the operating profit/loss. The Group does not hedge the risk associated with individual business transactions.
The Group faces an additional currency risk that purchases of oil products take place in USD, while sales are primarily in USD and SEK. After taking the refining margin into account, there is a net deficit of USD in the Group, which is covered by daily purchases of USD against SEK. These purchases are based on a standard template, but demand can vary over time because of price changes, timing of purchases and sales, and the relationship in sales between USD and SEK.
Translation risk
The Group aims to reduce the translation risk that arises in working capital by balancing assets and liabilities in foreign currency. To reduce the translation risk in the Group's working capital in USD, the Group takes out or redeems loans in dollars. There is no set level in respect of the size of loans arranged at any given time.
The table below explains the Group's net exposure on the balance sheet date in each currency translated into SEK in respect of monetary assets and liabilities in the form of trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade payables and other borrowings in foreign currency. Working capital includes not only trade receivables and trade payables, but also the value of the Group's inventories. The size of the net exposure for the monetary items must therefore be placed in relation to the value of inventories in USD as of the balance sheet date. As inventories are a non-monetary asset, inventories are not translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, but using the exchange rate on the purchase date. A change in the exchange rate does not normally affect the value of inventories, which means that there is only an effect in the profit/loss for the year when the product is sold. If a change in the exchange rate were to lead to the net realizable value of the inventories in SEK being less than the cost because of a fall in the exchange
F-70

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 2. FIN A N C IA L RISK M A N A G E M E N T (C ontinued)
rate, there would, however, be an impairment of inventories and this would have a direct effect on the profit/loss.

All amounts in SEK million
Net exposure as of balance sheet date EUR.......................................................................... ............... USD ....................................................................... ............... Others ..................................................................... ...............
Total ....................................................................... ...............

2014 as a % 2013 as a %

(3,407) (15,218)
(6)
(18,632)

18% (2,807)

82% (15,181)

0%

(8)

100% (17,997)

16% 84%
0%
100%

Net exposure of USD must be set in relation to the Group's normal position for inventories, which as of December 31, 2014 totaled USD 686 million (1,341), which is equivalent to SEK 5,360 million (8,727) translated at the balance sheet date.
The Group has no holdings in foreign operations which have net assets exposed to currency risks, and for this reason the Group has no currency exposure for this.
If the Swedish krona were to become stronger/weaker by 10% in relation to the U.S. dollar as of the balance sheet date, while all other variables remained constant, the profit for the year after tax as of December 31, 2014 would have been SEK (769) million (503) higher/lower as a consequence of gains/losses on translating monetary assets and liabilities in accordance with the table above, taking account of the indirect price effect on the Group's normal position for inventories.

Price risk
The Group is exposed to price risk in respect of inventories of crude oil and refined products. Price changes in crude oil and refined oil products affect the Group's sales income, cost of goods sold, gross profit/loss and operating profit/loss. The Group has a defined normal position for inventories, which is the volume of priced oil1*that is required to maximize the contribution from the refining system in the most efficient way without making use of derivatives. The normal position is defined as 1,840,000 m3. The price risk at this volume is the Company's commercial risk that the Board of Directors has accepted. To counteract the price risk that arises when priced inventories deviate from the normal position, the Group trades in oil derivatives in the form of futures, options and swaps.
The Board of Directors has established risk limits that define the extent to which volume exposure may deviate from the normal position, as well as the maximum risk expressed in USD that the Group is prepared to accept in the total of these volume deviations from the normal position. The volume deviation may be +200,000 m3or--250,000 m3. The highest risk expressed in USD is USD 5 million on the total of these deviations. The exposure which first reaches the risk limit is the one on which the Company must act. This risk exposure is monitored on a daily basis.
The table below explains how the position would change in SEK million if the price were to rise/fall by 10% as of the balance sheet date. How such a change would have impacted the Company's financial results depends on whether the effect on financial results arises in the physical position or the derivatives position. The reason for this is that inventories and derivatives are measured using different accounting policies. Over time, however, the price change in the total position will affect the Company's financial results. The total position therefore constitutes the

(1) O n ly p riced in v e n to rie s are exp o sed to a price risk. Purchases o f cru d e o il and p ro d u cts are o n ly in clu d e d in th e p o s itio n w h e n th e purch a se d oil has been priced . The p ro d u cts leave th e p o s itio n w h e n th e y are p riced in c o n n e ctio n w ith th e ir sale. If a p ro d u c t is p riced fo r a n u m b e r o f days, a p e rce n ta g e o f th e ch a rg e w ill be in clu d e d in o r taken o u t o f th e p o s itio n in re la tio n to th e n u m b e r o f days th a t th e ch a rg e is priced . T his m eans th a t th e G rou p 's physical inventories can diffe r som ew hat fro m the com pany's physical position.

F-71

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 2. FIN A N C IA L RISK M A N A G E M E N T (C ontinued)
Company's price risk, but accrual accounting effects do arise over time in profit/loss for the year, because of the different valuation principles for inventories and derivatives, respectively.

Year

Price change Physical position

2 0 1 4 ............................ 2 0 1 4 ...................... 2 0 1 3 ............................ 2 0 1 3 ...........................

10% (10)%
10% (10)%

587 (587) 962 (962)

Derivative position
(58) 58
(104) 104

Total position
529 (529) 858 (858)

Of which normal position
518 (518) 863 (863)

A change in the value of the derivative position will always have a direct effect in the profit/ loss for the year, as derivatives are measured at market price as of the balance sheet date and the profit/loss is recorded via the profit/loss for the year.

A change in the value of the physical position does in some cases have a direct effect on the profit/loss and in other cases the profit/loss is only affected in subsequent periods. This is because inventories are measured according to the lowest value principle i.e. the lower of cost and net realizable value.

In the event of a price rise, the profit/loss is usually only affected when a sale is made, i.e., the gains from the sale are recorded in the profit/loss for the year only when they have been realized. A price rise may, however, have a direct effect in the profit/loss for the year in the event that the original net realizable value is less than the cost. This effect may not, however, exceed the previously impaired value of the inventories.

In the event of a price fall, the profit/loss is normally affected directly, which means that inventory impairment is carried out and a product expense recorded in the income statement. The impairment w ill, however, only take place at the amount by which the changed net realizable value will fall below the inventory's previous carrying amount as of the balance sheet date.

In addition to price risk management of the inventories position, the Board of Directors has defined scope for speculative trading in oil derivatives. These transactions are limited through the setting of a ceiling for a maximum gain or loss for such trading. The Group's loss must not be higher than USD 10,000 per transaction and USD 50,000 per annum per individual trader. Transactions on which the Group makes a joint decision may amount to a maximum of a level that falls within the deviation range in normal position management, and the maximum permitted loss is USD 500,000 in one transaction and USD 2,500,000 per annum. These transactions must always be approved in advance by the head of the Trading Department. The result of the Group's exposure in speculative trading in oil derivatives on the balance sheet date for 2014 was USD (1,000) (+7,000).

Interest rate risk in respect of cash flows and fair values
The Group's interest rate risk arises through both borrowing and lending.
Loans with a floating interest rate expose the Group to an interest rate risk in respect of cash flow. Loans with a fixed interest rate expose the Group to an interest rate risk in respect of fair value. The Group's borrowing is at both fixed and floating interest rate. The interest rate risk in respect of cash flow is balanced by borrowing at a fixed rate and from time to time using interest rate swaps. It is the Group's policy to have a fixed interest period which does not exceed 12 month. As of December 31, 2014 the remaining fixed-interest period totaled approximately 25 months. In 2014 the Group's borrowing on floating interest rate terms consisted of SEK and USD, and fixed interest rate borrowing consisted of USD and EUR for bond loans and loans to shareholder.
The Group's interest-bearing assets are in the form of loans to affiliates and, to a lesser extent short-term investments in cash and cash equivalents. Loans to affiliates have been issued on

F-72

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NO TE 2. FIN A N C IA L RISK M A N A G E M E N T (C ontinued)
standard market terms at a fixed interest rate, which means that the Group is exposed to fair value risk.
The Group's outstanding borrowing as of the balance sheet date for loans arranged from credit institutions totals SEK 21,625 million (21,846). The Group's loan terms, effective interest rates and the maturity structure of the loans are described in note 28.
If interest rates for borrowing expressed in SEK during the year had been 1.0% higher/lower, with all other variables constant, the profit after tax for the fiscal year would have been SEK 167 million (168) lower/higher, mainly because of the higher/lower interest rate costs of borrowing at floating interest rates.
C red it Risk
Credit risks arise through investments in cash and cash equivalents, derivatives and credit exposure to the large number of customers to whom sales are made on credit. In order to limit this exposure, there are joint Group-wide credit policies, under which, for example, only banks and financial institutions which a credit rating of at least ''A'' by Standard and Poor's or by an equivalent independent assessor, are accepted. A risk assessment is conducted on the creditworthiness of each of the Group's customer's, in which the customer's financial position is considered, and previous history and other factors are assessed. Individual risk limits are established on the basis of internal or external credit ratings. The Group has a credit committee that handles these matters. The Group also uses a range of collateral, including Letters of Credit, bank guarantees, deposits and Parent Company sureties. There is regular follow-up on the use of credit limits. The credit risk is controlled at Group level.
Most of the credit exposure in terms of amounts is to financially strong oil companies. On the basis of the Group's on-going analysis of its customers, the credit quality is regarded as good. The Group has only one provisions for doubtful debts of SEK 19 million (30), compared with sales revenue of SEK 84,438 million (79,405). For further information see note 23.
The Group has a receivable issued to Corral Morocco Gas & Oil AB (CMGO), which is an associate company, of SEK 3,136 million. The loan has a standard market interest rate of 5% of the nominal loan amount. The interest income is capitalized and added to the original receivable. In 2014, a valuation of the Group's receivable to CMGO was performed based on CMGO's underlying assets and the expected return on them. At the end of 2014, the Board made a decision to make a provision of 508 million. On December 31, 2014, the total receivable was SEK 2,513 million. The loan and capitalized interest may be terminated on nine months' notice. No security has been pledged for the Group's receivable in relation to CMGO.
Other oil companies, banks and trading companies are counterparties for trading in oil derivatives. In order to limit counterparty risks in trading in oil derivatives, the Company signs ISDA agreements.
L iq u id ity Risk
Liquidity risk is handled by the Group having sufficient cash and cash equivalents and current investments in securities etc. with a liquid market and available financing through agreed credit facilities. Every month the Group pays approx. SEK 1,337 million (1,350) in the form of excise duties and VAT, which combined with fluctuations in purchasing and sales patterns, can make demands on the availability of short-term borrowing facilities.
To ensure that the Group has access to external financing at all times, both short-term and long-term credit facilities must always be available.
F-73

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 2. FIN A N C IA L RISK M A N A G E M E N T (C ontinued)
The table below analyzes the Group's financial liabilities and net settled derivatives that constitute financial liabilities, broken down by the term remaining after the balance sheet date until the contractual expiry date. The amounts specified in the table are the contractual, non-discounted cash flows and do not, therefore, correspond to the amounts in the balance sheet. The amounts that fall due within 12 months correspond with carrying amounts, since the discount effect is insignificant.
It is the Group's policy that loans must be renegotiation of loans no later than 12 months before expiry.

As of December 31, 2014
Borrowing......................................... ................... Trade payables................................ ................... Other current lia b ilitie s ................... ...................

Within 1 year
1,561 2,133 1,322

Between 1 and 2 years
9,624 -- 23

Between 2 and 5 years
10,439 -- --

More than 5 years
-- -- --

As of December 31, 2013

Within

Between

Between

More than

1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years 5 years

Borrowing......................................... ................... Trade payables................................ ................... Other current lia b ilitie s ................... ...................

1,819 3,875 1,450

1,168 -- 21

12,874 -- --

5,985 -- --

The Group has syndicated bank loans that are subject to a clause on the requirement to satisfy a number of key ratios (known as covenants).

M a n a g e m e n t of C apital Risk
The Group's objective with regard to the capital structure is to secure the Group's access to capital markets and to maintain an optimal capital structure in order to keep down the costs of capital and to balance the Company's commercial risk with the cost of the capital.
The Board of Directors constantly monitors the Group's financial position and net debt against expected future profitability and cash flow, investment and expansion plans, and developments in the interest rate and credit markets.
The Group's net debt/total capitalization ratio is shown in the table below:

(Amounts in SEK million)

2014

2013

Total borrow ing...................................................................................................... 21,625 21,846 Less; cash and cash equivalents ....................................................................... (1,123) (2,580)

N e t d e b t ..................................................................................................................................................... 2 0 ,5 0 2 1 9,267
Total e q u ity ............................................................................................................. (2,464) 1,304

T o ta l c a p ita liz a tio n .............................................................................................................................. 1 8 ,0 3 8 2 0 ,5 7 0

N e t d e b t /e q u ity ra tio .....................................................................................................................

114%

94%

Calculation of Fair Value
The fair value of derivatives traded on an active market is based on listed market prices on the balance sheet date. The listed market price used for the Group's financial assets is the current bid price. The fair value of oil derivatives is defined using listed prices of oil futures on the balance sheet date.
The fair value of financial instruments not traded on an active market (e.g., OTC derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques. The fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the

F-74

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NO TE 2. FIN A N C IA L RISK M A N A G E M E N T (C ontinued)
present value of estimated future cash flows. Unlisted holdings in general are measured at cost where fair value cannot be measured reliably.
The fair value of borrowing is calculated, for the purposes of disclosure, by discounting the future contracted cash flow at the current market interest rate available to the Group for similar financial instruments.
The carrying amount, after impairment, of trade receivables and trade payables is considered to correspond to their fair values, as these items are current by nature. The fair value of financial liabilities is calculated for the purposes of disclosure by discounting the future contracted cash flow at the current market interest rate available to the Group for similar financial instruments.
NOTE 3. IM PO R TA N T ESTIM ATES A N D A S S E S S M E N TS FOR A C C O U N TIN G PURPOSES
Estimates and assessments are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are considered reasonable in the prevailing circumstances.
Im p o rtan t Estim ates and A ssum ptions for Accounting Purposes
The Group makes estimates and assumptions about the future. The estimates for accounting purposes that are the consequence of these will, by definition, seldom correspond with the actual outcome.
The estimates and assumptions that involve a significant risk of adjustments in recorded values of assets and liabilities for subsequent fiscal years are explained in general below.
Impairment testing of goodwill Every year the Group tests whether an impairment need exists for goodwill, in accordance
with the accounting policy described in note 1 and 17. The recoverable amount of cash generating units has been established by calculating the value in use. These calculations require certain estimates to be made, see note 17.
If the budgeted margin used when calculating the value in use of the cash generating unit that comprises Supply & Refining segment had been 20% lower than the management assessment as of December 31, 2014, the Group would not have needed to perform any impairment of goodwill.
If the estimated discount rate before tax that was applied for discounted cash flows for the cash generating unit that comprises Supply & Refining segment had been 2% higher than the management assessment, the Group would not have needed to perform any impairment of goodwill.
Pensions Pension obligations are based on actuarial calculations that are themselves based on
assumptions about discount rate, expected return on plan assets, future wage increases, staff turnover, inflation and expected average remaining period of service.
The expected return on plan assets is determined taking account of the expected return on the assets covered by the appropriate investment policy in question. The expected return on investments with a fixed interest rate is based on the return received if these securities are held until expiry. The expected return on shares and real estate is based on the long-term return that has occurred in the relevant market.
F-75

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)
NOTE 3. IM PO R TA N T ESTIM ATES A N D A S S E S S M E N TS FOR A C C O U N TIN G PURPOSES (C o n tin u e d )
Provisions for environmental commitments Provisions are made for environmental commitments for known and planned
decontamination works. Any future decommissioning of operations within the Group may involve a requirement for decontamination and restoration works. This is, however, considered to be a matter for the distant future, and the potential expenditure involved cannot be calculated reliably. Potential environmental commitments of this type are not included in provisions in the balance sheet nor as contingent liabilities.
Im p o rta n t A ssessm ents w h e n A pplying th e C om pany's A ccounting Policies
Functional currency The subsidiary Preem has significant cash flows in USD. In determining the Company's
functional currency, management has evaluated the criteria contained in IAS 21 on the determination of functional currency. After giving careful consideration to all indicators, management has judged that Corral's functional currency is SEK.
NOTE 4. S E G M E N T REPORTING
Operating segments The Group consists of two operating segments:
Supply & Refining Crude oil is bought for the two refineries Preemraff Lysekil and Preemraff Gothenburg and is
refined to produce finished oil products. Approximately 64% (55%) of production is exported, mainly to the Northern European market. The proportion of production that is sold in Sweden is sold through the Group's own market channels and through other oil companies. Marketing
This segment sells refined oil products, which are bought from the Supply & Refining segment. Sales are channeled directly to consumers via the company's network of filling stations and to companies and consumers via direct sales. Internal pricing
Prices are set at market levels at prices based on official listings in the oil market. Profit per segment
The information that senior executives regularly follows up in the Group is presented below.
F-76

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 4. S E G M E N T REPORTING (Continued)

The Group 2014

Sales per segment Total sales revenue..................................... . . . . Internal s a le s ............................................. ___
External sales............................................................ . . . .
Residual, net exchange differences...........
Total external sales................................................
Operating profit (loss) Operating profit (loss) per s e g m e n t......... ___ Depreciation per segment.......................... . . . .

Supply & Refining Marketing

82,564 (16,984)
65,580

18,686 (77)
18,608

(2,202)

390

954

97

Total
101,250 (17,062)
8 4 ,1 8 8
249
8 4 ,4 3 8
(1,811) 1,051

The Group 2013
Sales per segment Total sales revenue............................................. Internal sales ............................................. ........ External sa le s............................................. ........ Residual, net exchange differences........... Total external sales..................................... Operating profit Operating profit per s e g m e n t................... ........ Depreciation per segm ent..................................

Supply & Refining Marketing

77,841 (17,613)
6 0 ,2 2 8

19,280 (85)
19,195

7

370

901

93

Total
97,121 (17,698)
7 9 ,4 2 3
(18)
7 9 ,4 0 5
377 995

R econciliation w ith th e G roup's Total Result

Operating (loss) profit per s e g m e n t............................................................ Net exchange differences on continuous payments...................... Currency effect on normal inventories ......................................... Undistributed depreciation............................................................. Other(* .............................................................................................
Total operating l o s s ..............................................................................................
Interest income................................................................................ Interest expenses............................................................................ Net exchange differences............................................................... Other net financial items.................................................................
Loss before ta x ..........................................................................................................

2014

2013

(1,811)
(831) 1,362
(9) (409)

377
(222) (29) (6)
(328)

(1,699) (208)

168 (1,516) (2,344)
(608)

168 (1,366)
(71) (1,022)

(5,999) (2,499)

(*) M ainly refer to C orporate Center.

F-77

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 4. S E G M E N T REPORTING (Continued) O th er In fo rm atio n R egarding G roup's Sales
Sales revenue comes for the most part from sales of oil products.

Sales of oil products ............................................................... O ther.........................................................................................
Total external sales revenue.....................................................................

2014
84,369 .......68
8 4 ,4 3 8

2013
79,299 106
7 9 ,4 0 5

Revenues of SEK 9,551 million in 2014 (SEK 9,174 million in 2013) originate from one single customer and the income is included in Supply & Refining segment.

Investments
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment 2014 ................................................................................
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment 2013 ................................................................................
Investments in associated companies 2014.......... Investments in associated companies 2013..........

Supply & Refining Marketing

613

149

1,186

164

--

--

--

--

Other1*1 Group

56

818

41 1,391

--

--

--

--

(*) M a in ly refer to C orporate Center.

D istribution by G eographical Regions
The information presented in respect of sales revenue relates to the geographical regions grouped according to where goods are delivered. Information about the segments' assets is based on geographical regions grouped according to where the assets are located. ''Other Nordic'' in the table below refers primarily to Denmark and Norway and ''Other countries'' primarily to Germany, France, the UK, Holland and North America.

2014
Total sales revenue............................................................. . . Intangible Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment . . . . .
2013
Total sales revenue............................................................. . . Intangible Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment . . . . .

Sweden
30,575 8,912
35,756 9,166

Other Nordic
7,907 --
8,112 --

Other countries
45,956 --
35,537 --

Group
84,438 8,912
79,405 9,166

N O TE 5. EXCISE D U TIE S
Excise duties refer to energy tax, carbon dioxide tax, sulfur tax and alcohol tax.

N O TE 6. G R O S S PROFIT
Purchases and sales of oil products in the market are essentially dollar-based. Exchange differences from sales are recorded under net sales and exchange differences from purchases are recorded under cost of goods sold. The Group's gross profit includes exchange differences from purchases and sales of oil products to a net value of SEK (831) million (-222).

F-78

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 7. FEES TO A U DITO RS

KPMG Audit assignments............................................................. ............. Audit business beyond the audit assignm ent................. ............. Tax consultancy................................................................. ............. Other assignments............................................................. .............

2014 2013
32 00 11 15 48

SET Audit assignments............................................................. ............. 0 0 Audit business beyond the audit assignm ent................. ............. -- -- Tax consultancy................................................................. .............. -- -- Other assignments............................................................. .............. -- --

00

NO TE 8. W A G E S, SALARIES A N D SOCIAL COSTS

Parent Com pany..................... ................. Group Companies................... .................
G ro u p T o t a l ........................................ ......................

2014

Wages and Other Benefits

Social Costs (of which pension costs)

-- ()

692

333

(102)

2013

Wages and Other Benefits

Social Costs (of which pension costs)

--

(--)

680

352

(110)

692

333

680

352

(102)(1)

(110)(1

(1) O f th e G rou p 's pen sio n co sts, SEK 6 m illio n (5) relates to th e G rou p 's Board, CEO and o th e r s e n io r execu tives.

NO TE 9. W A G E S A N D OTHER BENEFITS, ALLOCATED BY REGION A N D BETW EEN B O A R D / CEO AND OTHER EMPLOYEES

Parent Company..................................... ............. Group Companies in Sweden............... ............. Group Companies Abroad ................... .............
G ro u p T o t a l ......................................................... .................

2014

Board, CEO and other
senior executives

Other Employees

--

--

36

655

--

--

36

655

2013

Board, CEO and other
senior executives

Other Employees

--

--

17

662

--

--

17

662

Remuneration in the table above is based on the operating subsidiary Preem AB. No remuneration was paid to any Board members or CEO of Corral Petroleum Holdings AB.

Senior executives
''Senior executives'' means both senior management and other senior executives. The group comprising senior management includes the Chairman of the Board, other Board members who receive benefits from the company in addition to the current Board fee and who are not employed

F-79

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 9. W A G E S A N D OTHER BENEFITS, ALLOCATED BY REGION A N D BETW EEN B O A R D /
CEO A N D OTHER EM PLOYEES (Continued)
by the company, and the Managing Director (MD) and CEO. The group comprising other senior executives includes 6 (5) salaried employees who are part of Preem AB's Group management together with the CEO; all are employed by Preem. The total group of senior executives in Preem consist of The Board members including the Chairmen of the Board and the CEO (10 people) and other senior executives, which is also Preem's Group Management (7 people).

Preparation and decision-making process when determining remuneration for senior executives
The terms of remuneration for the CEO and the principles for salary benefits for people in the company's Group management team are prepared in a remuneration committee appointed by the Board and consisting of the Deputy Chairman of the Board and 3 other Board members. The committee's proposals are confirmed by the Board. The annual salary review for both the CEO and for other members of Group management is confirmed by the remuneration committee.

Remuneration o f senior executives
Fees are paid to the Chairman of the Board and members in accordance with the decision of the AGM. No special fee is paid for committee work. Remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives consist of basic salary, flexible remuneration, other benefits and pension. The breakdown between basic salary and flexible remuneration must be in proportion to the senior executive's responsibility and authority. For the CEO, the flexible remuneration may be a maximum of 30% of basic salary. For other senior executives, the flexible remuneration is a defined maximum percentage of basic salary. The remuneration committee does, however, define the terms of the flexible remuneration on an annual basis. Pension benefits and other benefits to the CEO and other senior executives are paid as an element of the overall remuneration package. Other benefits consist primarily of a company car.

Remuneration and benefits in 2014
Chairman of the Board . . . . . Other Board Members
(8 people).......................... . The CEO in Preem A B ........ . Other Senior Executives
(7 people).......................... .

Basic Salary/ Board Fee
0.6
2.1 4.8
17.6 25.1

Flexible Remuneration
--
-- --
9.9 9.9

Other Benefits
--
-- 0.1
0.6 0.7

Pension Cost
--
-- 2.7
3.6 6.3

Other Remuneration
--
-- --
-- --

Total
0.6
2.1 7.6
31.5 41.9

In total SEK 2.8 million has been paid in board fees, whereof one member has received SEK 0.7 million, four members have received SEK 0.3, two members have received SEK 0.4 million and one member has received SEK 0.1 million.

Remuneration and benefits in 2013
Chairman of the Board . . . . . Other Board Members
(7 people).......................... . The CEO in Preem A B ........ . Other Senior Executives
(6 people).......................... .

Basic Salary/ Board Fee
0.5
1.4 2.9
8.3 13.1

Flexible Remuneration
--
-- 1.5
1.4 2.8

Other Benefits
--
-- 0.1
0.6 0.7

Pension Cost
--
-- 2.0
3.2 5.2

Other Remuneration
--
-- --
-- --

Total
0.5
1.4 6.5
13.5 21.8

F-80

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 9. W A G E S A N D OTHER BENEFITS, ALLOCATED BY REGION A N D BETW EEN B O A R D / CEO A N D OTHER EM PLOYEES (Continued)
In total SEK 1.9 million has been paid in board fees, whereof one member has received SEK 0.5 million, four members have received SEK 0.2 million, two members have received SEK 0.3 million and one member has received .0.0 million

Pensions
The pension to the CEO is a defined contribution pension. Pension premiums comprise 30% of qualifying salary in respect of retirement and survivor's pension. ''Qualifying salary'' means the basic salary plus an average of the last three years' flexible benefit. For other senior executives there is a general pension plan and, in certain cases, individual solutions. All pension benefits are protected, i.e., not conditional upon future employment.

Severance pay
There is a mutual period of notice between the company and the CEO of 6 months.
There is a mutual period of notice between the company and other senior executives of a maximum of 24 months and 6 months, respectively. In connection with termination by the company, paid notice of a maximum of 24 months applies. In the event of termination by the senior executive, no severance pay is paid.

NO TE 10. DEPRECIATION
A llocation of depreciation
Buildings and land installations................................................. Plant and m achinery.......................................................... ........ Capitalized turnaround c o s ts ............................................. ........ Equipment, tools, fixtures and fittin g s .............................. ........

2014 2013

75 707 156 122
1,060

72 691 127 111
1,001

Allocation by function
Production expenses.......................................................... ........ Selling expenses......................................................................... Administrative expenses............................................................

2014 2013

955 96 9
1,060

903 92 6
1,001

N O TE 11. LEASING

Leasing charges in respect of o p e ra tio n a l leasing
Minimum lease charges.................................................... ............. Variable charges................................................................. .............
Total leasing expenses...................................................... .............

2014 2013
107 88 17 21
124 109

F-81

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 11. LEASING (C ontinued)

Agreed future minimum lease charges Within one y e a r................................................................................ Between one and five ye a rs............................................................. Longer than five y e a rs .....................................................................

2014 2013
129 112 552 481
94 82

Leasing in com e in respect of o p e ra tio n a l leasing
Minimum lease charges................................................................... Variable charges................................................................................
Total leasing income .......................................................................

2014 2013
74 71 19 19 93 89

Agreed future minimum lease charges Within one y e a r................................................................................ Between one and five ye a rs............................................................. Longer than five y e a rs .....................................................................

2014 2013
72 68 370 351
----

NO TE 12. EXPENSES BROKEN D O W N BY TYPE OF CO ST

Cost of m aterials..................................................................... Costs for employee benefits.................................................... Depreciation.............................................................................. Other expenses.......................................................................
Reconciliation with the comprehensive income statement Cost of goods s o ld ................................................................... Selling expenses..................................................................... Administrative expenses ........................................................

2014
82,144 1,025 1,060 2,257
86.487

2013
75,923 1,032 1,001 2,066
80,022

85,214 761 511
86.487

78,825 744 453
80,022

NO TE 13. OTHER OPERATING IN C O M E

Heating deliveries.............................................................................. Rental in c o m e .................................................................................. Harbor incom e.................................................................................. Storage certificates............................................................................ Service compensation ..................................................................... O th e r.................................................................................................
T o ta l ................................................................................................................................

2014 2013
45 59 93 89 60 46 122 179 21 21
9 16
350 409

F-82

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 14. N ET FIN A N C IA L IN C O M E /E X P E N S E S

2014

2013

Interest income from instruments measured at accrued cost. . . . 168 168

Net exchange differences...............................................................

26

6

O th e r............................................................................................... ........8 ___ (1)

F in an c ia l in c o m e ....................................................................................................

203

173

N e t loss
--Instruments measured at fair v a lu e ......... --Financial assets measured at accrued cost

T o ta l n e t l o s s ...............................................................

Interest expenses from defined benefit unfunded pension obligation ....................................................................................
Interest expenses from instruments measured at accrued cost(1) . Interest expenses from instruments measured at fair value......... Net exchange change..................................................................... O th e r...............................................................................................

(8)

(4)

(1,508) (1,362)

--

--

(2,371) (77)

(616) (1,021)

F in an c ia l e x p e n s e s ................................................................................................. (4 ,5 0 3 ) (2 ,4 6 4 )

(1) O f w h ic h in te re st rate e xpenses fro m accrued loan e xpenses, SEK 177 m illio n (177).
The net loss on oil derivatives measured at fair value, recorded as cost of goods sold in the profit/(loss) for the year, totals SEK 939 million (-36). A provision of SEK 351 million for Preem's receivables from Corral Morocco Gas & Oil was charged to the net financial income/expenses. The provision is a net of capitalized interest income of SEK 157 million and a provision of SEK 508 million.

N O TE 15. IN C O M E TA XES

Current ta x (expense) benefit
Tax (expense) benefit for the period............................................. Tax expense attributable to previous years...................................

2014 2013
3 (1) 00 3 (1)

Deferred tax (expense) benefit
Deferred tax in respect of temporary differences and loss carry forwards .......................................................................................
Deferred tax on loss carry-forwards.............................................
Total tax benefit..............................................................................

(75) 49 1,279 288
1,207 336

F-83

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 15. IN C O M E TA XES (C ontinued)

2014

2013

Reconciliation of effective ta x
Loss before t a x ..........................................................................
Income tax benefit calculated according to national tax rates for profit in each c o u n try ......................................................
Adjustment due to change in tax r a te ..................................... Other non-deductible expenses................................................ Non taxable income ................................................................. Tax attributable to previous y e a rs ........................................... Effect of different tax rates for foreign com panies.................
Income tax benefit.....................................................................

(5,999) (2,499)

1,320 --
(118) 5 0 0
1,207

550 --
(213) 0 0 (2)
336

Tax item s reco g n ized d ire c tly in e q u ity
Tax reported directly in other comprehensive income s ta te m e n t................................................................................

8 (24)

Weighted average tax rate is 20.1% (13.3%).

D eferred Tax Assets and Tax Liabilities

Land and buildings................................... ................. Machinery and equipment........................ ................. Loss carry-forwards................................... ................. Other ........................................................ .................
Net assets/liabilities...................................

2014

Deferred tax Deferred tax

assets

liabilities

4 -- 1,567 --

0 (907)
-- (132)

531

Land and buildings...................................................... Machinery and equipment........................................... Loss carry-forwards...................................................... O thers*..........................................................................
Net assets/liabilities......................................................

2013
8 -- 288 0

(2) (951)
-- (23)
(680)

C h an g e in d efe rred ta x in te m p o ra ry d iffe re n c es and loss carry-fo rw ard s
Land and b u ildings........................................................ . Machinery and equipment............................................. . Other .............................................................................. .
Total temporary differences........................................... . Loss carry-forwards........................................................ .
Total ................................................................................ .

Opening amount
6 (951)
(23) (968) 289 (680)

Recorded in the
profit/(loss) for the year
(2) 44 (116) (75) 1,279 1,204

Other changes
7 7 7

Closing amount
4 (907) (132) (1,036) 1,568 531

F-84

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 16. N ET EX C H A N G E DIFFERENCES IN THE P R O FIT/(LO S S) FOR THE YEAR
Net exchange differences have been recorded in the profit/(loss) for the year as follows:

Net s a le s ............. Cost of goods sold Financial items . . .
Total ...................

2014 2013
249 (18) (1,080) (204) (2,344) (71)
(3,175) (293)

The estimated currency effect on the Group's normal position on inventories was SEK 1,362 million (29).

N O TE 17. IN TA NG IB LE A SSETS
Goodwill

Opening c o s t.................................................................................... Closing accumulated cost.................................................................
Carrying amount at end of period ..................................................

2014 2013
308 308 308 308 308 308

Im p airm en t Testing of G o o d w ill
Identified goodwill is attributable in full to the Group's cash generating unit (CGU) Supply & Refining and Sweden.
The recoverable amount of a CGU is defined on the basis of calculations of value of use. These calculations are based on estimated future cash flows before tax based on financial budgets that have been approved by company management and covering a 5-year period. Cash flows beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using an estimated rate of growth as explained below. The rate of growth does not exceed the long-term rate of growth for the market in which the Supply & Refining segment operates.
Significant assumptions used to calculate values of use:

Average refining margin in dollars a barrel for the period . . . Average rate of growth for extrapolation beyond the budget
p e rio d .................................................................................... Discount rate before t a x ..........................................................

Supply & Refining
4.32 - 5.18
1% 8%

Management has confirmed the budgeted refining margin based on previous results and its expectations of market growth. The weighted average rate of growth used does not exceed the forecasts contained in industry reports. The discount rates that are used are specified before tax and reflect specific risks that apply for the various segments.

No impairment need has been identified for goodwill. This is true even if a change in the conditions is amended as follows: Refining margin 20% lower, rate of growth (1%) and a discount rate 2% higher for each segment.

F-85

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 17. IN TA NG IB LE A SSETS (C ontinued)
Construction in progress

Opening c o s t.................................................................................... Capital expenditure during the y e a r................................................
Carrying a m o u n t..............................................................................

2014 2013
23 7 45 16 68 23

Construction in progress relates to capitalized expenses related to a major IT project.

NO TE 18. PROPERTY, PLANT A N D E Q U IP M E N T

Land and buildings Opening c o s t .................................................................................... Sales/Disposals.................................................................................. Completion of constructions in progress......................................... Re-classification................................................................................
Closing accumulated c o s t.................................................................
Opening depreciation....................................................................... Sales/Disposals.................................................................................. Depreciation for the year ................................................................. Closing accumulated depreciation....................................................
Carrying amount................................................................................

2014 2013

2,569 (13) 122 0
2,678

2,378 (49) 239 1
2,569

1,328 (11) 75
1,393
1,285

1,300 (43) 72
1,328
1,241

Plant and machinery(1) Opening cost.................................................................................. Sales/Disposals.............................................................................. Completion of constructions inprogress......................................
Closing accumulated c o s t.............................................................
Opening depreciation ................................................................... Sales/Disposals.............................................................................. Depreciation for the year...............................................................
Closing accumulated depreciation................................................
Carrying am ount............................................................................

2014

2013

17,062 16,889

(24) (88)

751

260

17,789 17,062

11,551 10,925
(18) (65) 707 691

12,240 11,551 5,549 5,510

(1) P lanned residu a l v a lu e in clu d e s p la tin u m and p a lla d iu m at SEK 144 m illio n (144).

Capitalized turnaround costs Opening c o s t................................................................................ Sales/Disposals............................................................................ Completion of constructions inprogress....................................
Closing accumulated c o s t ..........................................................
Opening depreciation ................................................................. Sales/Disposals............................................................................ Depreciation for the y e a r.............................................................
Closing accumulated depreciation.............................................
Carrying a m o u n t..........................................................................

2014
1,238 --
141 1,379
564 --
156 720 658

2013
760 --
478 1,238
437 --
127 564 674

F-86

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 18. PROPERTY, PLANT A N D E Q U IP M E N T (C ontinued)

Equipment, tools, fixtures and fittings Opening c o s t................................................................................ Capital expenditure during the y e a r.......................................... Sales/Disposals............................................................................ Completion of constructions in progress.................................. Re-classification............................................................................
Closing accumulated c o s t ..........................................................
Opening depreciation ................................................................. Sales/Disposals............................................................................ Depreciation for the y e a r............................................................. Re-classification............................................................................
Closing accumulated depreciation.............................................
Carrying a m o u n t..........................................................................

2014 2013

1,367 0
(42) 121
0

1,391 2
(154) 130
(1)

1,446 1,367

918 955

(38) (149)

122 111

0

0

1,001 918

445 449

Constructions in progress Opening cost.............................................................................. Capital expenditure during the ye a r......................................... Sales/Disposals.......................................................................... Completion of constructions in progress................................
Closing accumulated c o s t ........................................................

2014

2013

962 772
-- (1,135)
599

695 1,373
-- (1,106)
962

N O TE 19. PARTICIPATION IN A SSO CIATES

Swedish companies
AB Djurgardsberg............... Goteborgs
Smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube A B ................... SunPine AB ........................
T o ta l.....................................

Corp. ID no.

Reg. office

556077-3714 Stockholm

556287-6481 Gothenburg 556682-9122 Pitea

No. of shares
366

Participating interest %
37

Carrying amount
0

50,000

50

5

16,685

26

111

116

AB Djurgardsberg........................................... Goteborgs Smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube AB . SunPine A B ......................................................

Assets
6 173 651

Liabilities
5 161 362

2014 Equity Income

0

5

11 454

289 1,107

Net profit/(loss)
0 0 39

Assets

AB Djurgardsberg...........................................

6

Goteborgs Smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube AB . 172

SunPine AB* .................................................... 596

Liabilities
6 161 433

2013 Equity Income

0

5

11 462

164 1,144

Net profit/(loss)
0 1 51

The in fo rm a tio n above is 100% o f the co m p a n ie s' assets, lia b ilitie s, equity, incom e and net profit/(loss).
(*) The P/L and Balance S heet in S unP ine AB fo r ye a r 2013 has been ch a n g e d , due to late ch a n g e in th e co m p a n y 's annual accounts.

F-87

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NO TE 19. PARTICIPATION IN ASSO C IA TES (C ontinued)

Opening balance .............................................................................. Investments during the year............................................................. Profit participation............................................................................
Closing balance................................................................................

2014 2013
113 83 ---- 3 30
116 113

N O TE 20. RECEIVABLES FR O M RELATED PARTIES

Opening va lu e .............................................................................. Change during the y e a r............................................................... Provision, receivable CMGO ......................................................
Closing value................................................................................

2014 2013
2,865 3,653 157 157 (508) (945)
2,513 2,865

Receivable from related parties relates to interest-bearing receivable from the related party company Corral Morocco Gas & Oil AB (CMGO). In the annual statement for 2014 a provision of SEK 508 million (945) was made for Preem's receivable to CMGO based on the assessed value of the company's assets. The total receivable are SEK 2,513 million (2,865) and is subject to a marketbased fixed interest rate of 5% on the original receivable of SEK 3,136 million. No security has been pledged for the Group's receivable to CMGO. The loan and capitalized interest can be terminated at nine months' notice.

NO TE 21. FIN A N C IA L A SS ETS AVAILABLE FOR SALE

Opening carrying amount............. Shareholders' contribution........... Profit/(Loss)..................................
Carrying amount at end of period

........ ....
........
........

2014 2013
27 27 ---- 00
27 27

Company

Corp. ID no.

No. of Participating Carrying Reg. office shares interest % amount

BasEl i Sverige AB ................................... 556672-5858 Stockholm 50

5

0

Slackmedelscentralen--SMC A B ............. 556488-8583 Stockholm 117

12

0

SPIMFAB--SPI Miljosaneringsfond AB . . . 556539-4888 Stockholm 1

1

0

VindIn A B .................................................. 556713-5172 Stockholm 100

8.6

27

Gotene E.D.F. Elforeningen, co-operative .

0

SSH Svensk Servicehandel ......................

0

Total ..........................................................

27

NOTE 22. IN VEN TO RIES
Raw m aterial................................ Finished goods ............................ Total .............................................

2014
. 3,085 . 4,207 . 7,292

2013
5,220 5,888 11,108

F-88

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 22. IN VE N TO R IES (Continued)
The cost of inventories in the Group includes the equivalent of SEK 80 million (16) in volumes of inventories out on loan. Volumes of inventories borrowed corresponding to a total inventory value of SEK 150 million (337) are not included in the value of inventories.

NO TE 23. TRADE RECEIVABLES

Trade receivables.......................................................................... Reserve for doubtful debts..........................................................
Fair value of trade receivables....................................................

2014 2013
3,484 4,634 (19) (30)
3,465 4,604

As a rule there are not considered to be any impairment needed for trade receivables that have been due for payment for less than three months. As of December 31, 2014 trade receivables totaling SEK 392 million (481) were due without any need for impairment being considered to exist. These relate to a number of independent customers that have not previously had any payment problems. The age analysis of these trade receivables is shown below:

Less than 10 days ............................................................................ Between 10 and 20 days ................................................................. Between 21 and 30 days ................................................................. More than 30 d a ys............................................................................
Total....................................................................................................

2014 2013
346 401 21 61 4 10 21 9
392 481

The reserve for doubtful trade receivables totaled SEK 19 million (30) on December 31, 2014. Receivables are recorded as doubtful receivables when objective information exists, e.g., in the form of cancelled payments or receivables not being settled after being due for 3 months.
Receivables in the reserve for doubtful trade receivables are as follows:

At the beginning of the p e rio d ........................................................ This year's reserve for doubtful receivables/reversed unutilized
am ounts......................................................................................... Confirmed losses during the year....................................................
At the end of the period...................................................................

2014 2013
30 24
13 11 (24) (4) 19 30

Provisions for and reversals of reserves for doubtful trade receivables are included in the functions to which they relate in the consolidated income statement. Amounts recorded in the impairment account are usually written off when the Group is not expected to recover any additional cash or cash equivalents.
Other categories within trade receivables and other receivables do not include any assets for which an impairment need exists.
The maximum exposure for credit risk on the balance sheet date is the fair value for each category of receivables mentioned above.

F-89

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 24. CASH A N D CASH EQ UIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet and the cash flow statement include the following with an expiry date less than three months after acquisition.

Short-term investments................................ Cash and bank balances .............................. ............................

2014 2013
1,123 2,580
1,123 2,580

NOTE 25. EQ UITY
Share Capital
The company's share capital totals SEK 500,000. The number of shares is 5,000, all of which are class A shares. The shares are paid in full and the number of shares is the same at both the beginning and end of the year. The quota value is SEK 100/share.

O th er Paid-in Capital
Other paid-in capital consists of equity paid in by the shareholder or the ultimate owner of the company.

D iv id e n d
No dividend was paid for either 2014 or 2013. The Group's loan conditions prevent the payment of dividends to shareholder.

NO TE 26. PENSIO N O BLIG ATIO NS
D efined benefit obligations and th e value of plan assets
Wholly or partly funded obligations: Current value of defined benefit obligations...................... Fair value of plan assets...................................................... Net wholly or partly funded obligations ............................ Unfunded obligations: Current value of unfunded defined benefit obligations . . . Net obligations, total, before adjustments..........................
Adjustments: Accumulated unrecorded actuarial losses.......................... Net amount in balance sheet (obligation +, asset - ) .........
The net amount is recorded in the following items in the balance sheet:
Provisions for pensions........................................................ The net amount is divided among the following countries: Sweden ................................................................................

2014 2013
579 511 (613) (566)
(33) (56) 103 97 70 42
70 42
70 42 70 42

F-90

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 26. PENSIO N O B LIG ATIO NS (Continued) Pension Expense

T h e a m o u n ts recorded in th e c o n s o lid ate d in c o m e s ta te m e n t are as fo llo w s :

D efined b en efit plans
Interest expense................................................................................ Expected return on plan assets........................................................ Settlem ent.........................................................................................
Total cost of defined benefit p la n s ..................................................

2014 2013
24 22 (22) (17) ----
25

T h e a m o u n t t h a t is re p o rte d in th e c o m p re h e n s iv e s ta te m e n t o f in c o m e is as fo llo w s :

Actuarial gain (+)/loss ( - ) on defined pension plans........................ Tax attributable to items relating to the comprehensive income . . .
Total comprehensive income for the year, net after t a x ...................

38 109 (8) (24)
29 85

T h e c h a n g e in t h e d e fin e d b e n e fit o b lig a tio n d u rin g t h e y e a r is as fo llo w s :

Opening gross amount in balance sheet......................................... Payment of b e n e fits ..................................................................... Interest expense............................................................................ Actuarial Profit ( - ) , Loss (+) for the year on the obligations . . . Revaluation.................................................................................... Actuarial Profit/loss on change in demographic assum ptions... Actuarial Profit/loss on change in financial assum ptions........... Experience adjustments ............................................................... Change in current value of defined obligations in relation to the settlem ent............................................................................
Closing net amount in balance sheet...........................................

2014 2013
608 700 (27) (24) 24 22
7 (21) 26 -- 68 (70) (22) 1
---- 683 608

The present value of obligations benefits to plan m em bers according to as follow s:
Active members: 0% (2013: 0%) Blanche holders: 63% (2013: 70%) Old-age pensioners: 37% (2013: 30%)

T h e chan g e in th e fa ir v a lu e o f plan assets d u rin g th e y e a r is as fo llo w s :

Opening gross amount in balance sh e et....................................... Payments of benefits ..................................................................... Payments from the c o m p a n y........................................................ Expected return .............................................................................. Actuarial gain (+) or loss ( - ) for the year on theplan assets . . . Change in plan assets in relation to the settlem ent......................
Closing gross amount in balance sheet.........................................

2014 2013

(566) 17 -- (22) (42) --

(543) 14 (1) (17) (19) --

(613) (566)

F-91

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 26. PENSIO N O B LIG ATIO NS (Continued)
The actual return on plan assets totaled SEK 36 million (31).

A ctuarial assum ptions
Discount ra te ....................................... Future salary increases...................... Staff tu rn o v e r..................................... Inflation................................................ Expected average remaining period of
s e r v ic e ............................................. Life adoption....................................... The duration of benefit obligations . .
Plan assets consist o f the following Interest-bearing securities................. Shares.................................................. Real estate .........................................
Total ....................................................

2014

2013

2.40% Not applicable Not applicable
1.2%

3.9% Not applicable Not applicable
2.0%

Not applicable Not applicable

DUS 14 tjm FFFS 2007:31

16

16

60% 32%
8%
100%

60% 31%
9%
100%

Present value Percentage of obligations change

Sensitive analysis

Discount rate +0,5% ....................................................

620

Discount rate -0 ,5 % ....................................................

754

Inflation/pension indexing + 0 ,5 % ..............................

754

Inflation/pension indexing - 0 ,5 % ..............................

619

Expected lifetime + 1 year...........................................

719

(9)% 10% 11% (9)% 5%

The expected return on plan assets is defined by considering the expected return on the assets that are covered by the investment policy in question. The expected return on investments with a fixed interest rate is based on the return received if these securities are held until maturity. The expected return on shares and real estate is based on the long-term return that has occurred in the market in question.

2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Current value of defined benefit o b lig a tio n .............................. . 683 608 700 659 828 Fair value of plan assets............................................................. . 613 566 543 522 736 Deficit/(surplus)............................................................................ . 70 42 157 137 92

2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Experience-based adjustments or defined benefit obligations . . 22 (1) (10) 7 2 Experience-based adjustments of plan assets .......................... . 42 19 14 2 8
Contributions for defined benefit plans are estimated at SEK 0 million in 2015, as the transition to Alecta took place on January 1, 2008. The former plan was paid-up. To the defined contribution pension plan the Group pays a fixed contribution into a separate unit (a Fund, Alecta). The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay additional fees if his legal entity if it hasn't insufficient assets to pay all employee benefits in the current or prior periods.

F-92

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 27. OTHER PR O VISIO N S

Restoration for the environment111 Other Total

Opening balance 2013......................................... .

61

Provisions during the year................................... .

--

Amount used ...................................................... .

(13)

Unutilized amounts that have been reversed . . . .

--

3 64

--

0

-- (13)

(3) (3)

Closing balance 2013........................................... .

48

0 48

Provisions during the year................................... .

--

Amount used ...................................................... .

--

Unutilized amounts that have been reversed . . . .

(37)

---- ---- -- (37)

Closing balance 2014........................................... .

11

0 11

(1) Preem AB paid an in su ra n ce p re m iu m in 2005 via its s u b s id ia ry Preem Risk M a n a g e m e n t C o m p a n y Ltd o f SEK 148 m illio n fo r know n and planned d e co n ta m in a tio n w o rks. D u ring 2013 all insurance u n d erta kin g s and equ iva le nt reserves w ere transferred fro m Preem Risk M anagem ent C om pany into th e w h o lly ow ned Sw edish su bsidiary, Preem Forsakrings AB. Preem Risk M anagem ent Ltd entered into v o lu n ta ry liq u id a tio n as o f M arch 1, 2015. In 2014 SEK 37 m illio n o f th e reserve fo r n o n -in itia te d re m e d ia tio n has d is s o lv e d in connection w ith the reduction o f insurance coverage

NO TE 28. B O R R O W IN G S
Lo n g-term loans
Parent company Bond loans investors in E U R ........................ Bond loans investors in U S D ........................ Bond loans shareholder in E U R ................... Bond loans shareholder in U S D ................... Shareholder loans, subordinated in EUR . . . Shareholder loans, subordinated in USD . . . Total lon g -term loans, Parent C o m p an y . . . . Transaction expenses..................................... N e t to ta l lon g -term loans, Parent C o m p an y .
Group companies Loans in S E K .................................................. Loans in USD.................................................. Total lon g -term loans, G roup com panies . . . Transaction expenses.....................................
N e t to ta l lon g -term loans, G roup com panies
T o ta l lo n g -te rm lo a n s , G r o u p ...............................
Transaction expenses.....................................
N e t t o ta l lo n g -te rm lo a n s , G r o u p .......................

2014

2013

2,043 2,083 1,335
489 99
4,390
10,439
(56)
10,383

1,662 1,502 1,104
358 89
4,434
9,149
(75)
9 ,0 7 4

3,332 3,527 6,292 7,352
9,624 10,879
(271) (428)
9,353 10,451
20,063 20,027
(328) (503)
19,736 19,524

F-93

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 28. B O R R O W IN G S (Continued)
S h o rt-te rm loans
Group companies Loans in S E K ........................................... Loans in USD...........................................
Total sho rt-term loans, G roup com panies T o ta l b o rro w in g , G r o u p .................................. N e t t o ta l b o rro w in g , G r o u p ..........................

2014

2013

. . 776 872 . . 785 946

. . 1,561

1,819

. . 21,625 21,846

. . 21,297 21,343

R ep aym en t plan
Amortization schedule.........................................

2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Total
1,561 9,624 4,126 -- 6,313 21,625

Loan C onditions, Effective Interest Rate and M a tu rity Structure:

Long-term loans SEK, floating interest ra te ............................ USD, floating interest rate............................ EUR, fixed interest rate................................ USD, fixed interest rate................................ Short-term loans SEK, floating interest ra te ............................ USD, floating interest rate............................
T o ta l b o r r o w i n g .........................................................
Transaction expenses................................... Total b o rro w in g incl. tran s ac tio n expenses .

Nominal Value Local
Currency
3,332 805 365 891
776 101

Effective Interest
Rate
4,36 3,76 14,53 8,80
5,29 4,34

Less than 1 Year
-- -- --
776 785
1,561
--
1,561

1 - 5 Years
3,332 6,291 3,477 6,962
-- --
20,062
(328)
19,735

More than 5 Years
-- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- 21,297

The remaining average fixed-interest period as of December 31, 2014 was approx. 25 months.

C om pliance w ith Special Loan C onditions
Borrowing totaling SEK 11,185 million in both SEK and USD comprises a syndicated loan and is subject to a clause on a requirement to comply with conditions relating to a minimum level of adjusted equity, maximized amount of capital expenditures, interest cover ratio and adjusted net debt in relation to adjusted EBITDA. As at 31 December 2014 there are no defaults outstanding.

F-94

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 29. BA NK OVERDRAFT, ETC.

Authorized credit limit bank o v e rd ra ft....................................... Unutilized element.......................................................................
Utilized credit ..............................................................................
Other unutilized credit Authorized credit lim it.................................................................
Total unutilized credit...................................................................

2014
411 411
--
1,664 2,075

2013
345 345
--
1,756 2,102

NOTE 30. DERIVATIVES

Oil derivatives.......................................................................

2014 Assets Liabilities

0

1

2013 Assets Liabilities

0

0

Derivatives available for sale are classified as current assets or current liabilities. The full fair value of a derivative is classified as a non-current asset or non-current liability if the item's outstanding duration is more than 12 months and as a current asset or current liability if the item's outstanding duration is less than 12 months.

The maximum exposure to credit risk as of the balance sheet date is the fair value of the derivatives recorded as assets in the balance sheet.

Oil D erivatives
The oil derivatives contracts are held primarily to economically hedge price changes in petroleum products. The nominal amount outstanding for oil derivative contracts were sold net SEK 604 million (sold net 1,058). The total nominal amount for these oil derivative contracts is SEK 722 million (1,578) as of December 31, 2014.

NOTE 31. OTHER LIABILITIES
Value Added Tax Excise Duties(1) . Other Liabilities

2014
381 765 122
1,267

2013
453 793 101
1,348

(1) Excise d u tie s refe r to e n e rg y ta x , ca rb o n d io x id e ta x , s u lfu r ta x and a lco h o l tax.

N O TE 32. A C C R U ED EX PE N S ES A N D PREPAID IN C O M E

Purchases of crude oil and products ......................................... Personnel .................................................................................... In te re st......................................................................................... O th e r.............................................................................................

2014
2,515 229 2 151
2,897

2013
3,271 244 3 131
3,648

F-95

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

N O TE 33. PLEDGED A SS ETS A N D C O N T IN G E N T LIABILITIES
Pledged assets Shares in subsidiaries Property mortgages . Floating charges. . . . Trade receivables . . . Deposits...................
Contingent Liabilities Sureties in favour of associates Guarantees FPG/PRI.................

2014

2013

7,239 4,000 8,000 3,439
370
23,048

10,215 4,000 8,000 4,558
60
26,833

91

78

2

2

93

80

The real estate mortgages, floating charges, inventories and trade receivables refer to pledges in regards to fulfillment of obligations the Group's syndicated bank loans.
The deposits relate primarily to guarantees issued in connection with trade in oil derivatives. These amounts fall due for payment if the Group does not meet its commitments.

O th er C o ntingent Liabilities
A future close-down of operations within Preem may involve a requirement for decontamination and restoration works. This is, however, considered to be well into the future and the future expenses cannot be calculated reliably.
Preem AB has received a review decision from the Swedish Tax Agency relating to tax year 2010. The decision increased Preem AB's income from business activities by SEK 239 million, and imposed a tax surcharge of SEK 6 million. The case relates to the valuation of an internal Group transfer of real estate. Preem AB, after losing an appeal in the Administrative Court of Appeal in 2014, has appealed the Swedish Tax Agency's decision to the Supreme Administrative Court. Preem AB has made no provision for the tax surcharge of SEK 6 million in the financial statements for 2014. If the tax assessment is raised by SEK 239 million, this would give the company the right to a deduction of a corresponding amount in the future.
The Swedish Tax Agency (SKV) denied Preem AB a deduction for import VAT of SEK 22 million which Preem AB had been charged by the Swedish Customs for corrections to two imports that were not declared when imported in 2009. Preem AB, after losing an appeal in the Administrative Court of Appeal in 2014, has appealed the Swedish Tax Agency's decision to the Supreme Administrative Court. Preem AB has recorded SEK 22 million as an expense in 2014 as a result of the Administrative Court of Appeal's decision.

F-96

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 34. SUPPLEM ENTARY IN FO R M A TIO N FOR THE CASH FLOW STATEM ENT

Interest received/paid Dividend received....................................................................... Interest received .......................................................................... Interest paid ................................................................................

2014 2013

6--

12

12

396 (441)

Adjustment for items not included in cash flow, etc. Depreciation and impairment of non-current assets................. Write-down of inventories.......................................................... Unrealized exchange rate losses(+)/gains(-)............................ Unrealized losses(+)/gains(-) on oil derivatives........................ Element of capitalized borrowing costs recorded as expenses . Cash interest not received.......................................................... Capitalized interest c o s t............................................................... P ro v is io n ....................................................................................... Provision, receivables CMGO...................................................... Capital gain from sale or disposal of non-current a s s e ts ......... O th e r.............................................................................................

1,060 1,001

1,143 (251)

2,137 133

1

0

177 177

(157) (157)

945 768

2

1

508 945

11 23

(11) (33)

5,817 2,608

On April 2, 2013 the company acquired the remaining 30% of the shares in Preem Gas AB from Vattenfall AB. The compensation paid was amounting to SEK 12.5 million and was paid in cash.

NO TE 35. FINANCIAL IN S TR U M E N TS

Financial In stru m en t by C ategory

A ssets in balance sheet
Financial assets available for sale . . . Derivatives ......................................... . . Lending to related p a rtie s ................. . . Trade and other receivables............... . . Cash and cash equivalents................. . .
Total .................................................... . .

Loan, trade and
other receivables
--
2,513 4,392 1,123 8,028

2014

Assets measured at fair value via profit/(loss) for
the year

Available for sale

27

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

--

27

Carrying amount
27 0
2,513 4,392 1,123 8,055

Fair Value
27 0
2,513 4,392 1,123 8,055

L ia b ilitie s in balance sheet
B orrow ing........................................... Derivatives........................................... ............... Other liabilities ................................... ...............
Total .................................................... ...............

Liabilities measured at fair value via
profit/(loss) for the year

Other financial liabilities

Carrying amount

Fair Value

21,297 21,297 21,370

1

--

1

1

--

3,478 3,478 3,478

1

24,775 24,776 24,849

F-97

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 35. FINANCIAL IN S T R U M E N TS (Continued)

Loan, trade and
other receivables

2013

Assets measured at fair value via profit/(loss) for
the year

Available for sale

A ssets in balance sheet

Financial assets available for sale . . . .

--

--

27

Derivatives......................................... . .

--

0

--

Lending to related parties ............... . . 2,865

--

--

Trade and other receivables............. . . 5,262

--

--

Cash and cash equivalents............... . . 2,580

--

--

Total .................................................. . . 10,707

0

27

Carrying amount
27 0
2,865 5,262 2,580 10,734

Fair Value
27 0
2,865 5,262 2,580 10,734

Liabilities in balance sheet
B orrow ing......................................... Derivatives......................................... Other liabilities ................................
Total ..................................................

Liabilities measured at fair value via
profit/(loss) for the year

Other financial liabilities

Carrying amount

Fair Value

--

21,343 21,343 21,370

--

--

--

--

--

5,347 5,347 5,347

--

26,691 26,691 26,718

Financial In s tru m e n ts M e a s u re d a t Fair V a lu e in th e B alance S h e e t
In the below table of financial instruments, measured at a fair value in the balance sheet, is divided into three different categories:
Level 1: Fair value based on quoted market prices on an active market for the same instruments
Level 2: Fair value based on quoted market prices on an active market for similar instruments or on a valuation principle where all variables is based on quoted market prices. This category contains oil derivatives in form of swaps and options and interest rate swaps.
Level 3: Fair value is based on a valuation principle and material variables are not based on market price.

A ssets in b alan c e sheet
Oil derivatives................. Total ................................
L iab ilitie s in b alan ce sheet
Oil derivatives................. Total ................................

2014 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
1 1

F-98

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 35. FINANCIAL IN S T R U M E N TS (Continued)
A ssets in b alan c e sheet
Oil derivatives.................................................... Total ...................................................................
L ia b ilitie s in b alan ce sheet
Oil derivatives.................................................... Total ...................................................................

2013 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3

--

0

--

--

0

--

--

0

--

--

0

--

N O TE 36. T R A N S A C T IO N S W IT H RELATED PARTIES
Relations with related parties which imply a controlling influence.

Transactions w ith Associates
AB Djurgardsberg............................................................ . Goteborgs smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube AB ................. . SunPine A B ....................................................................... .

Sales
0 2 20

2014 Trade
Purchase receivables

1

144

0

597

2

Current liabilities
0 5 1

Transactions w ith R elated parties

Ultimate shareholder........................................................

Capital Trust Management L td ......................................... . --

0

Constellation L td ............................................................... . --

16

Corral Morocco Gas and Oil A B ....................................... . --

--

Huda Trading A B ............................................................... . 0

4

Midroc Group in Scandinavia ......................................... . 1 216

-- --
2,513 -- 0

6,313 -- -- --
-- 21

Transactions w ith Associates
AB Djurgardsberg............................................................ . Goteborgs smorjmedelsfabrik, Scanlube AB ................. . SunPine A B ....................................................................... .

Sales
0 3 17

2013
Trade Purchase receivables

2

139

0

849

2

Current liabilities
0 8 93

Transactions w ith R elated parties

Ultimate shareholder........................................................

Capital Trust Management L td ......................................... . --

0

Constellation L td ............................................................... . --

16

Corral Morocco Gas and Oil A B ....................................... . --

--

Huda Trading A B ............................................................... . 6

4

Midroc Group in Scandinavia ......................................... . 1 293

-- --
2,865 -- 0

5,985 -- -- --
-- 42

F-99

CORRAL PETROLEUM HOLDINGS AB (publ) NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Amounts in SEK million unless otherwise specified)

NOTE 37. NUM BER OF EMPLOYEES

Average number of employees
Parent Company Sweden ........................................... Group Companies Sweden ........................................... ............... Ireland ............................................. ...............
G ro u p T o ta l ................................................ ....................

2014

No. of

Of which

employees male percent

1,278 --
1,278

75% --
75%

2013

No. of

Of which

employees male percent

1,270 --
1,270

75% --
75%

NOTE 38. GENDER D ISTR IB U TIO N IN C O M P A N Y M A N A G E M E N T

Group Total Board of Directors . . . . Other Senior Executives

2014 Proportion
Female

2013 Proportion
Female

0%

0%

17%

17%

NOTE 39. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
Supply of crude oil has remained higher than demand during the first quarter of 2015, which has caused the price of crude oil to continue its decline, dropping in January to a low of USD 45.22/barrel. Preem has continued to purchase put options to insure the value of inventories against further drops in crude oil prices.
As of January 31, 2015 SEK 1,000 million was converted from a shareholder loan to a shareholders' contribution.

F-100

REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ)
c/o Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB, 25/n Park Lane
London W1K 1RA United Kingdom

as to Swedish law
M annheim er S w artling
Advokatbyra AB
Ostra Hamngatan 16 Box 2235
403 14 Gothenburg Sweden

LEGAL A D V IS O R S TO THE ISSUER

as to United Kingdom and United States law

as to Cyprus law

DLA Piper U K LLP
3 Noble Street London
EC2V 7EE United Kingdom

M o u a im is & M o u a im is LLC
16-18 Zinas Kanther Street 3035 Limassol Cyprus

LEGAL A D VIS O R TO THE IN ITIA L PURCHASERS

as to Swedish law

as to United States law

G e rn a n d t & D anielsson A d v o k a tb y r KB
Hamngatan 2 Box 5747
SE-114 87 Stockholm Sweden

S im p so n Th ach er & B a rtle tt LLP
CityPoint One Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9HU United Kingdom

IN D EPENDENT A U DITO RS
KPMG AB
P.O. Box 16106 10323 Stockholm
Sweden

R E G IS T R A R
Deutsche Bank Trust C om pany A m ericas
60 Wall Street 16th Floor
MS NYC 60-1630 New York, New York, 10005
United States

TRUSTEE
Deutsche Trustee Com pany Lim ited
Winchester House 1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2DB United Kingdom

PAYING A G EN T, TRANSFER AGENT A N D SECURITY A G EN T
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Winchester House 1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2DB United Kingdom

W e have not authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to give any information or represent anything to you other than the information contained in this offering m em orandum . You m ust not rely on unauthorized information or representations.
This offering memorandum does not offer to sell or ask for offers to buy any of the Notes in an y jurisdiction w here it is unlawful, w here the person making the offer is not qualified to do so, or to any person w ho cannot legally be offered the securities.
The information in this offering memorandum is current only as of the date on cover page, and may change after that date. For any time after the cover date of this offering memorandum, w e do not represent that our affairs are the sam e as described or that the information in this offering memorandum is correct-- nor do w e imply those things by delivering this offering memorandum or selling the Notes to you.

Corral Petroleum Holdings AB (publ)
m
preem

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

S U M M A R Y ...........................................

1

RISK F A C T O R S ...................................

27

USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................

56

C AP ITALIZATIO N ................................

57

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL

D A T A ...................................................

58

M ANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND

ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL

CONDITION A N D RESULTS OF

O P E R A T IO N S ...................................

60

IN D U S T R Y ...........................................

81

B U S IN E S S ...........................................

98

M AN AG E M E N T ..........................................

126

OWNERSHIP OF C O M M O N STOCK . . .

132

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS . . . .

133

DESCRIPTION OF OTHER FINANCING

A R R A N G E M E N T S ...........................

135

DESCRIPTION OF N O T E S ..............

146

BOOK-ENTRY, SETTLEMENT AND

CLEARANCE ............................................. 207

TAX C O N SID E R A TIO N S...................

212

NOTICE TO IN V E S T O R S ................. 220

PLAN OF D IS T R IB U T IO N ................. 223

SERVICE OF PROCESS A N D

ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES

225

LEGAL M A T T E R S .............................. 226

WHERE YOU CAN FIND OTHER

IN F O R M A T IO N ................................

227

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS .....................

228

LISTING AND GENERAL

IN F O R M A T IO N ................................

229

CERTAIN INDUSTRY DEFINED TERMS .

231

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . .

F-1

570,000,000 11.750 % / 13.250% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 20 21
SEK 500,000,000 12.250 % / 13.7 50 % Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 20 21
OFFERING MEMORANDUM
Deutsche Bank
M ay 31, 2016

Merrill Corporation Ltd, London
16ZBK43201

