PROSPECTUS dated 14 October 2016

D[n B
DNB Bank ASA
(incorporated in Norway)

U.S.$750,000,000
Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes
Issue Price: 100.00 per cent.
The U.S.$750,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (the "Notes") will constitute undated, unsecured and subordinated obligations of DNB Bank ASA (the "Bank" or the "Issuer"), a public limited liability company organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway ("Norway"), and will constitute Fondsobligasjoner and will be issued on the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein (the "Conditions", and references to a numbered Condition shall be construed accordingly).
The Notes will be denominated in U.S. dollars and will bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from time to time from (and including) 18 October 2016 (the "Issue Date") to (but excluding) 26 March 2022 (the "First Call Date") at a fixed rate of 6.50 per cent. per annum and thereafter at a fixed rate of interest which will be reset on the First Call Date and on each fifth anniversary of the First Call Date thereafter. Interest will be payable annually in arrear (with a short first interest period) on 26 March in each year from (and including) 26 March 2017 (each an "Interest Payment Date"), provided that any payment of interest may be cancelled, in whole or in part, in the sole and full discretion of the Issuer, and shall be cancelled (in whole or in part) in the circumstances described in Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) and following the occurrence of a Trigger Event (as further described in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event)). The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) (the "Norwegian FSA") may also direct the Bank to exercise its discretion to cancel interest scheduled to be paid on any Interest Payment Date. Interest which has been cancelled in accordance with the Conditions will not accumulate, and holders of the Notes will not at any time be entitled to any such cancelled interest.
If at any time the CET1 Ratio of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group falls below 5.125 per cent., the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes will be Written Down by the Write-Down Amount, as further provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event). The Outstanding Principal Amount may, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Bank and subject to certain conditions, be subsequently reinstated (in whole or in part) out of the profits generated by the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group, as further described in Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes).
The principal amount of the Notes may also, in certain circumstances, be written down by the shareholders of the Bank or by the Norwegian authorities pursuant to powers granted to them under Chapter 21 sub-chapter I of the Norwegian Act on Financial Enterprises and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 (Lov omfinansforetak ogfnanskonsern av 10. april 2015 No. 1 7), as further described herein. The Notes will be perpetual with no fixed maturity date. The Bank may, in its sole discretion but subject to the approval of the Norwegian FSA and to compliance with the conditions set out herein and with Applicable Banking Regulations, elect to redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) (i) on the First Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter, provided that any principal amount by which the Notes have been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) has first been reinstated in full pursuant to Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes), or (ii) at any time following the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Capital Event (each as defined in the Conditions). In any such case, the Notes will be redeemed at their Redemption Amount.
If at any time a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, the Bank may, instead of redeeming the Notes as aforesaid, subject to the approval of the Norwegian FSA and to compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations, elect in its sole discretion either to substitute all (but not some only) ofthe Notes for, or to vary the terms of the Notes provided that they remain or become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes (having terms not materially less favourable to a holder than the terms of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Bank).
Investing in the Notes involves significant risks. Please review carefully the section entitled "Risk Factors" in this Prospectus.
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the "Prospectus Directive"). The Central Bank only approves this Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Directive. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application has also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted to the official list of the Irish Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Main Securities Market"). The Main Securities Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of the Notes and distribution ofthis Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale".
The Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to retail clients in the European Economic Area, as defined in the rules set out in the Product Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015, as amended or replaced from time to time, other than in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of those rules by any person. Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors" on page 3 of this Prospectus for further information. The Notes will be issued in registered form in the denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will initially be represented by a global Note certificate (the "Global Certificate") which will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with a common depositary and registered in the name of a nominee for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme.
The Notes have been rated "BBB" by Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited ("S&P"). In addition, the Issuer has been assigned credit ratings of "A+" by S&P, "Aa2" by Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") and "AA (low)" by DBRS Ratings Limited ("DBRS"). Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS is a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

Joint Lead Managers

BofA Merrill Lynch

DNB Bank ASA

Goldman Sachs International Structuring Adviser

Nomura

UBS Investment Bank

IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Prospectus comprises a prospectus for the purposes of Article 5.3 of the Prospectus Directive. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus and references herein to "this Prospectus" shall be construed accordingly.
Certain information under "Description o f the Issuer and the DNB Group" has been extracted from Statistics Norway which is a publicly available third-party source of information and reference to this source is included herein. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
No person other than the Issuer (in such capacity) has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Managers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer (in such capacity).
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Managers to give any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Managers.
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation or as constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or the Managers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Manager to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
The delivery of this Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer, the Bank Group or the DNB Group is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. Neither the Issuer nor any Manager undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer, the Bank Group or the DNB Group during the life of the Notes for the benefit of any investor in the Notes. Prospective investors should review, inter alia, the documents deemed to be incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes.
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Managers do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Managers which is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom and Japan. For a further description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and on the distribution of this Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale".
2

RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS
The Notes are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail investors.
In particular, in June 2015, the UK Financial Conduct Authority published the Product Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015, which took effect from 1 October 2015 (the "PI Instrument").
Under the rules set out in the PI Instrument (as amended or replaced from time to time, the "PI Rules"):
(i) certain contingent write-down or convertible securities (including any beneficial interests therein), such as securities having features substantially similar to the Notes, must not be sold to retail clients in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"); and
(ii) there must not be any communication or approval of an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite such securities (or the beneficial interest in such securities) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail client in the EEA (in each case, within the meaning of the PI Rules), other than in accordance with the limited exemptions set out in the PI Rules.
Certain of the Managers are required to comply with the PI Rules. By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) from the Issuer and/or any Manager, each prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees with, and undertakes to, the Issuer and the Managers that:
1. it is not a retail client in the EEA (as defined in the PI Rules);
2. whether or not it is subject to the PI Rules, it will not:
(A) sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to retail clients in the EEA (as defined in the PI Rules); or
(B) communicate (including the distribution of this Prospectus) or approve an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail client in the EEA (in each case within the meaning of the PI Rules),
in any such case other than (i) inrelation to any sale or offer to sell Notes(or any beneficial interest therein) to a retail client in or resident in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of the applicable PI Rules by any person and/or (ii) in relation to any sale or offer to sell Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to a retail client in any EEA member state other than the UK, where (a) it has conducted an assessment and concluded that the relevant retail client understands the risks of an investment in the Notes (or such beneficial interest therein) and is able to bear the potential losses involved in an investment in the Notes and (b) it has at all times acted in relation to such sale or offer in compliance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC) ("MiFID") to the extent it applies to it or, to the extent MiFID does not apply to it, in a manner which would be in compliance with MiFID if it were to apply to it; and
3. it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or outside the EEA) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the Notes (and any beneficial interest therein), including (without limitation) any such laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) by investors in any relevant jurisdiction.
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) from the Issuer and/or any Manager, the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding upon both the agent and its underlying client.
The PI Rules must be complied with when selling the Notes to Norwegian investors in Norway and, as an additional and separate requirement, the Notes may not be sold to Norwegian non-professional investors (as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Securities Trading Regulation) unless the relevant investor previously has invested at least NOK 5 million in bonds and has obtained sufficient knowledge through relevant education or work experience in accordance with MiFID._______________________
3

SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets;
(iv) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including where U.S. dollars (the currency for principal and interest payments) is different from the potential investor's currency; and
(v) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
The Notes may be considered by eligible investors who are in a position to give the above representations, warranties and undertakings and to be able to satisfy themselves that the Notes would constitute an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.
Websites In this Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators ("URLs") are inactive textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Prospectus.
Definitions, interpretation and rounding In this Prospectus, references to:
· the "DNB Group" are to DNB ASA and its subsidiaries (including the Issuer) as a whole;
· the "Bank Group" are to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries as a whole;
· "NOK", "Norwegian kroner" or "kroner" are to the currency of Norway;
· "U.S. dollars" and "U.S.$" are to United States dollars;
· the "Norwegian FSA" are to The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) or such successor authority exercising primary supervisory authority with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group, as appropriate; and
4

· the "Conditions" are to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (and reference to a numbered Condition shall be construed accordingly).
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Joint Lead Managers acting as the Stabilisation Managers (the "Stabilisation Managers") or any person acting on their behalf may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Notes is made and, if begun, will be in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations and may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Managers (or persons acting on their behalf) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, which reflect the current expectation of the DNB Group's management with respect to future events, financial and operating performance and future market conditions. Words such as "believe", "anticipate", "expect", "aim", "project", "expect", "intend", "predict", "target", "may", "might", "assume", "could", "will" and "should" or other variations or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements appear in a number of places in this Prospectus including, without limitation, the documents referred to in "Documents Incorporated by Reference", "Risk Factors" and "Description o f the Issuer and the DNB Group". These forward-looking statements address matters such as:

·

the DNB Group's, the Bank's and the Bank Group's business strategy and financial targets;

·

performance of the financial markets;

·

future prospects of the DNB Group, the Bank and the Bank Group such as growth prospects, cost

development under the cost programme and future write-downs on loans; and

·

future exposure to credit, market, liquidity and other risks.

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. While the Bank has prepared these forward looking statements in good faith and on the basis of assumptions it believes to be reasonable, any such forward looking statements are not guarantees or warranties of future performance. The Bank's and/or the Bank Group's and/or the DNB Group's actual financial condition, results of operation and cash flows, and the development of the markets in which it operates, may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus.

5

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Clause

Page

Risk Factors..............................................................................................................................................................7

Documents Incorporated by Reference.................................................................................................................... 42

Overview of the Notes............................................................................................................................................ 44

Terms and Conditions of the Notes......................................................................................................................... 52

Summary of the Notes in Global Form.................................................................................................................... 75

Use of Proceeds......................................................................................................................................................78

Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group.........................................................................................................79

Shareholders, Management and Employees............................................................................................................ 92

Taxation.................................................................................................................................................................. 96

Subscription and Sale..............................................................................................................................................98

General Information.............................................................................................................................................. 100

6

RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Prospectus a number o ffactors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. All o f these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood o f any such contingency occurring.
In addition, factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose o f assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in this section have the meanings given to such terms in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes "or on page 4 o f this Prospectus.
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES
Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions
Disruptions and volatility in the globalfinancial markets may adversely impact the Bank Group
The global capital and credit markets have been characterised by volatility and disruption in recent years. Challenging market conditions have resulted in greater volatility but also in reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets. Global markets and economic conditions have been negatively impacted for several years by various factors including market perceptions regarding the ability of certain EU Member States to service their sovereign debt obligations, including Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain. Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereign governments) are influenced by the market's perception of the global economy generally, as well as perceptions of the strength of the European banking sector. Growing uncertainty about the Chinese economy and its potential impact on financial markets and the real economy has increased since the summer of 2015. A further reduction in the growth rate of China's economy, including its gross domestic product ("GDP") growth, could negatively impact the global economy and economic conditions in Europe. Slower growth and higher unemployment than expected in Europe could trigger heightened credit risk in the financial markets.
Although Norway is not a member of the European Union, such developments significantly affect Norway and the Bank Group since the European Union is one of Norway's principal trading partners and Norway is a member of the broader European Economic Area. Economic conditions in the European Union are further subject to the risks of slowdown and volatility as a result of the destabilising effect of the United Kingdom's 23 June 2016 referendum on whether to exit the European Union and, given the United Kingdom's public vote to leave the European Union, the considerable uncertainty as to the political implementation of that mandate, the nature and timing of such an exit, the risk of contagion in other member states and whether and to what extent this could continue to negatively impact the European markets. The result of the referendum does not legally oblige the United Kingdom to exit the European Union, and it is unclear if or when the United Kingdom will formally serve notice to the European Council of its desire to withdraw, a process that is unprecedented in European Union history and one that could involve months or years of negotiation to draft and agree a withdrawal agreement in accordance with Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Regardless of any eventual timing or terms of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union, the referendum has created significant political, social and macroeconomic uncertainty in respect of the United Kingdom's and the European Union's economic and political
7

prospects. The possible exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, or prolonged periods of uncertainty relating to this possibility, could result in significant macroeconomic deterioration including, but not limited to, further decreases in global stock exchange indices, increased foreign exchange volatility, decreased gross domestic product in the European Union and a downgrade of sovereign credit ratings.
The precise nature of all the risks and uncertainties faced by the Bank Group as a result of the global economic outlook cannot be identified and many of these risks are outside its control. No assurance can be given as to future economic conditions in any market or as to the sustainability of the improvement in any market.
Any further turbulence in credit or other markets could have a material adverse effect on, among others, the Bank Group's ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Negative economic developments and conditions in the markets in which the Bank Group operates may adversely affect the Bank Group's business and results o f operations and are likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur
The Bank Group's business activities are dependent on the level of banking, finance and financial services required by its customers. In particular, borrowing levels are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, the state of the economy and market interest rates at the time. The Bank Group's performance is significantly influenced by general economic conditions in Norway and, to a lesser extent, the other countries where it operates, as well as general global economic conditions as they may affect particular sectors of the economy that are important to the Bank Group's business. As the Bank Group currently conducts the majority of its business in Norway, its performance is influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Norway, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic factors (for example, fluctuations in the price of oil and gas) and political events including those which have a negative impact on the global financial markets as described above under "--Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Bank Group"
Lower oil prices towards the end of 2014 resulted in a significant depreciation of the Norwegian kroner and widening credit spreads. During 2015, oil prices continued to decrease primarily due to oversupply and uncertainty about future demand, and the Norwegian kroner weakened further. Major oil producers significantly revised their investment plans for the coming years and customer confidence was negatively impacted. Petroleum investments fell significantly between 2014 and 2015 and the 2015 GDP growth in Norway also decreased. Continued low oil price and reduced oil related investments may have a further adverse effect on the Norwegian economy and the DNB Group's customers. The impact of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
In Norway, increases in real wages and low interest rates combined with a relatively low supply of housing have contributed to a significant increase in housing prices. The household leverage (debt to disposable income) ratio in Norway has also risen significantly over the past ten years. Housing price growth in Norway is generally expected to gradually decline (other than in the Oslo area) and real housing prices could reverse to some extent in the long term. A correction in housing prices, if accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or higher unemployment, could have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy and a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's financial condition.
The large influx of immigrants into Europe and any potential resultant increase in barriers to trade or migration among European countries in response thereto, could also have a negative impact on growth in the region.
The unemployment rate in Norway has been at a historically low level in a European context. However, the unemployment rate has been increasing over recent years, and is expected to increase further in the coming years. Labour market developments such as increasing unemployment reflect the decline in activity in the petroleum sector and weaker growth in the Norwegian economy.
Adverse economic developments of the kind described above, along with market turmoil and recessionary economic conditions, especially in European countries, have affected the Bank Group's business in a number of ways, and such developments may continue to affect, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity,
8

businesses and/or financial condition of the Bank Group's customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the credit quality of the Bank Group's loan portfolio and demand for the Bank Group's financial products and services. In addition, in a context of continued market turmoil, recessionary economic conditions and increasing unemployment coupled with declining consumer spending, the value of assets collateralising the Bank Group's secured loans could decline significantly, which could result in increased impairments. See "--The Bank Group is exposed to the risk o fmaterial deterioration in the quality o f its loan portfolio and resulting impairments'"below.
Any or all of the conditions described above may have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the Bank Group might not be adequate to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks.
Risks Related to the Bank Group's Loan Portfolio
The Bank Group's business is significantly affected by credit risk
The Bank Group is subject to credit risk, or the risk that the Bank Group's borrowers and other counterparties are unable to fulfil their payments obligations. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Bank Group's borrowers or counterparties or a general deterioration in Norwegian, U.S., European or global economic conditions, or adverse changes arising from systemic risk in the global financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Bank Group's assets and require an increase in the Bank Group's impairments. Any significant increase in the Bank Group's credit risk may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or prospects.
The Bank Group is exposed to the risk o f material deterioration in the quality o f its loan portfolio and resulting impairments
The Bank Group records impairments of its loans and guarantees in accordance with IFRS; however, the impairments made are based on available information, estimates and assumptions and are subject to uncertainty, and there can be no assurance that they will be sufficient to cover the amount of actual losses as they occur. The Bank Group's impairments increased significantly in the year to 31 December 2015 compared to the year to 31 December 2014 and continued to increase in the first half of 2016. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Bank Group's borrowers and counterparties or a decline in collateral values would likely require an increase in individual impairments and/or in collective impairments, which in turn would adversely affect the Bank Group's financial performance.
In particular, the Bank Group's exposure to corporate customers is subject to adverse changes in credit quality in the current economic environment in the Bank Group's markets. Further, actual loan losses and losses on other commitments vary over the business cycle. For example, as some of the economies of the markets in which the Bank Group operates have deteriorated over the past few years, credit risk associated with certain borrowers and counterparties in these markets has increased. A significant increase in the size of the Bank Group's impairments, or write-offs of loans and guarantees not covered by impairments, would have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Oil-related exposures
As at 30 June 2016, the Bank Group's oil, gas and offshore portfolio represented a significant part of the total exposure at default. The significant drop in oil prices since the second half of 2014 increases the risks related to this portfolio. The average day rates for deep water rigs have dropped since then and so has rig utilisation. There is a risk that the overall market balance will not improve for several years. The reduced rig activity has also led to reduced OSV (offshore supply vessel) demand and an increasing part of the fleet is in lay-up. In the first half of 2016, the Bank Group reported a significant negative risk migration within the rig and OSV portfolios. The reduced oil price and the oversupply will continue to impact the oil industry, and this might result in a material adverse effect on the cash flows o f the companies operating in this industry. This could have a significant impact on oil, gas and offshore companies' profitability, and consequently on their respective credit quality and thus lead to a material increase in impairments experienced by the Bank Group on its loan portfolio.
9

The shipping industry
The Bank Group is a major supplier of credit to the shipping industry and its loans to customers in the shipping industry form part of the total exposure at default. The shipping industry is driven, among other things, by growth in international trade. The downturn in the global economy has negatively impacted world trade, and this has in turn resulted in material decreases in freight volumes and rates in the shipping industry, and corresponding material decreases in the revenues of businesses in the shipping industry. The tanker, dry bulk and container sectors have been particularly affected. Though the Bank Group bases its internal credit analysis of the shipping industry on low expected rate estimates, actual rates for the Bank Group's shipping segments have historically been volatile and could be lower than expected; in recent years, shipping rates have exhibited significant downward pressure. Individual impairments within the shipping, offshore and logistics division increased significantly between 2011 and 2012. Although some impairments have been reversed in the subsequent years, there is a risk that a deterioration in economic conditions may continue to impact the shipping industry, resulting in a material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating in this industry as well as the ship values and values of other assets that serve as collateral for credit provided to lenders within this industry. Any of these adverse effects could have a significant impact on shipping companies' profitability, and consequently on their respective credit quality, and thus lead to a material increase in impairments and losses experienced by the Bank Group on its loan portfolio.
The real estate market
The Bank Group provides mortgage lending both in the retail and corporate markets. As of 30 June 2016, the Bank Group had significant exposure resulting from loans and receivable within commercial real estate and residential mortgage lending. Accordingly, a decline in the value of real estate, whether as a result of developments in the broader economy, a reduction in the availability of credit or otherwise, could reduce the value of the collateral for these loans significantly and, if accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or higher unemployment, could have a material adverse effect on the quality of the Bank Group's real estate loans. This could in turn lead to a material increase in impairments recorded by the Bank Group on its loan portfolio within this sector.
Counterparty defaults could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group
The Bank Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and corporate customers. Many of these transactions expose the Bank Group to the risk that its counterparty in a foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract will default on its obligations prior to maturity when the Bank Group has an outstanding claim against that counterparty. Due to volatility in foreign exchange and fixed income markets since 2007, this risk has remained at an elevated level compared to the period preceding the global financial and economic crisis. This counterparty risk may also be exacerbated when the collateral held by the Bank Group cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of counterparty exposure. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. As a consequence of its transactions in financial instruments, including foreign exchange rate and derivative contracts, the Bank Group is also exposed to settlement risk and transfer risk. Settlement risk is the risk of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty or after the Bank Group has given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before receipt of the corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. Transfer risk is the risk attributable to the transfer of money from a country other than the country where a borrower is domiciled, which is affected by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation in the relevant countries.
The Bank Group is exposed to sectoral and individual borrower credit concentration risks
The Bank Group has significant credit exposure to certain sectors, with the largest sector being residential mortgages, followed to a lesser extent by commercial real estate, oil, gas and offshore and shipping. In the event that any of these sectors experiences increasingly difficult business or operating conditions, it could have a material impact on the Bank Group's asset quality and results of operations, financial condition or prospects. In
10

the financial reporting for the first half of 2016, the Bank presented a significant deterioration within borrowers' credit profiles within the oil, gas and offshore portfolio, in particular within rig and OSV (offshore supply vessel), increasing the impairment estimates for the coming years.
In addition, the Bank Group has significant credit exposure to certain individual borrowers. In the event that any of these borrowers experiences increasingly difficult business or operating conditions, it could have a material impact on the Bank Group's results of operations.
Risks Related to Market Exposure
The Bank Group's business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits
The Bank Group is subject to the risks typical of banking activities, including interest rate fluctuations. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Bank Group's lending and deposit spreads. The Bank Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and other banks. Although both the interest rates payable by Bank Group on deposits, as well as the interest rates that it is able to charge on loans to customers and credit institutions, are in each case mainly floating rates or swapped into floating rates, there is a risk that the Bank Group will not be able to re-price its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or medium term. As applicable interest rates on several deposits are close to zero, it may not be possible in the future to offset a decrease in interest rates on loans to customers by a corresponding decrease in interest rates on deposits.
The Bank Group is also subject to intense competition for customer deposits and the current low interest rate environment puts pressure on the Bank Group's deposit spreads. The Bank Group may not be able to lower its funding costs, whether relating to deposits or wholesale funding, in line with decreases in interest rates on its interest-bearing assets.
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the Bank Group's control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults by the Bank Group's customers. Conversely, a reduction in the level of interest rates may adversely affect the Bank Group through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in competition in deposit taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in the interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Bank Group.
The Bank Group has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other market risks, and exposures are constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the Bank Group's financial performance and results of operations. While the Bank Group undertakes hedging operations in order to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk, it does not hedge all its risk exposure and there can be no assurance that its hedging strategies will be successful. If the Bank Group is unable to adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line with the changes in market interest rates receivable by it on loans, or if the Bank Group's monitoring procedures are unable to manage adequately the interest rate risk, its interest income could rise less or decline more than its interest expense, in which case the Bank Group's results of operations and financial condition or prospects could be negatively affected.
The Bank Group is exposed toforeign exchange rate risk and the risk o f devaluation or depreciation o f any of the currencies in which it operates
Changes in exchange rates, particularly in the NOK-USD and NOK-EUR exchange rates, affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, and may affect income from foreign exchange lending and trading. As a consequence of the significant drop in the oil price towards the end of 2014 and in 2015, the NOK
11

weakened significantly against the USD, EUR and other currencies. Although the NOK has strengthened somewhat in the first half of 2016, the exchange rates are still far below the rates a couple of years ago. The Bank Group's reporting currency is the Norwegian kroner. However, a substantial portion of its assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the Norwegian kroner, giving rise to translation risk. Although the majority of lending is in NOK, foreign currency lending, primarily denominated in USD, EUR and SEK, formed a significant percentage of the Bank Group's total loan portfolio as of 30 June 2016. Balance sheet items, including monetary assets and liabilities, of foreign branches and subsidiaries in currencies other than the NOK are translated into Norwegian kroner according to exchange rates prevailing on the balance sheet date, while profit and loss items are translated according to exchanges rates on the transaction date. Changes in net assets resulting from exchange rate movements are recognised in the income statement. A devaluation or depreciation of any such other currency in which the Bank Group operates or in which it has credit exposures may result in significant losses for the Bank Group. In addition, a depreciation of the NOK against other currencies in which loans are made to customers would result in an increase in the Bank Group's loan portfolio, which would result in an increase in risk-weighted assets and have a negative impact on capital ratios. In order to mitigate this translation risk, the Bank Group seeks to hedge foreign exchange risk by seeking to match the currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund them. However, there can be no assurance that these hedging activities will be effective in part or in full, and hedge counterparties are subject to credit risk.
The Bank Group is exposed to market price risk
Market risk includes both risk which arises through ordinary trading activities, and risk which arises as part of banking activities and other business operations. Trading activities in the Bank mainly include market making, facilitation of corporate financing and proprietary trading. Market risk in banking activities can be broadly divided into risk related to the management of equity investments and risks stemming from the Group Treasury function. The Group Treasury is responsible for managing market risk stemming from funding activities, liquidity management, as well as asset and liability management. The most significant market risk factors are interest rate risk, credit spread risk arising in the bond portfolios and basis swap spread risk from the hedging of currency risk in connection with funding in foreign currencies. The fair value of financial instruments held by the Bank Group, including bonds (government, corporate and mortgage), equities, cash in various currencies, investments in private equity, hedge and credit funds, commodities and derivatives (including credit derivatives), are sensitive to volatility of and correlations between various market variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. To the extent volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of the Bank Group's bond, derivative and structured credit portfolios, as well as other classes of assets, could fall more than estimated, and therefore cause the Bank Group to record mark-to-market losses. Future valuations of the assets for which the Bank Group has already recorded or estimated mark-to-market losses, which will reflect the then prevailing market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of these assets. Further, certain financial instruments are recorded at fair value, which is determined by using financial models incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimations that are inherently uncertain and which may change over time or may ultimately be inaccurate. Any of these factors could require the Bank Group to recognise further mark-to-market losses, which may have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because the Bank Group's trading and investment income depends to a great extent on the performance of financial markets, volatile market conditions could result in a significant decline in the Bank Group's trading and investment income, or result in a trading loss, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Moreover, due to continued illiquid markets for certain asset classes, the fair value of certain of the Bank Group's exposures has proven difficult to estimate. Valuations in future periods, reflecting then-prevailing market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of the Bank Group's exposure, even in respect of exposures such as credit market exposures, for which the Bank Group has previously recorded valuation losses. In addition, the values of financial instruments are subject to uncertainty as they are based on estimates, assumptions and available information. As a result, estimates of fair value may differ materially both from estimates made by other financial institutions and from the values that would have been used if a market for these assets had been readily available. Thus, the value ultimately realised by the Bank Group may be materially different from the current or estimated fair value. Any such difference could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and/or liquidity of the Bank Group.
12

To mitigate its exposure to the volatility in market pricing of certain of its assets, the Bank Group uses fair value hedging to manage interest rate risk on long-term borrowings. In dislocated markets, hedging and other risk management strategies have proven not to be as effective as they are in normal market conditions due in part to the decreasing credit quality of hedge counterparties, including credit derivative product companies. A continued deterioration in economic and financial market conditions could lead to impairment charges and further markdowns, and an illiquid market for financial instruments could cause spreads to widen, adversely affecting the pricing of financial instruments.
The Bank Group has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other market risks to which it is exposed, and exposures are constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the Bank Group's financial performance and business operations.
Risks Related to Liquidity and Funding
Liquidity risk is inherent in the Bank Group's operations; this risk is exacerbated by current conditions in the globalfinancial markets
The Bank Group is dependent on access to sufficient liquidity on acceptable terms in order to be able to meet its obligations as they fall due. This liquidity risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a number o f enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source o f funding (including, for example, short-term and overnight funding), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters.
The Bank Group is dependent on sufficient funding in order to carry out its lending business. The Bank's funding requirements are, as for most commercial banks, covered in large part through customer deposits. Deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors outside the Bank Group's control, such as competitive pressures, loss of customer confidence, depositors' concerns relating to the economy in general, the financial services industry or the Bank Group specifically, ratings downgrades, further deterioration in economic conditions and the existence and extent of deposit guarantees (which, under Norwegian law, currently apply to deposits up to NOK 2 million and will be decreased to EUR 100,000 by the end of 2018). Any of these factors on their own or in combination could lead to a reduction in the Bank Group's ability to access customer deposit funding on acceptable terms in the future and to sustained deposit outflows within a short period o f time, both o f which would have an impact on the Bank Group's ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements. In addition, any uncertainty regarding the Bank Group's financial position may lead to withdrawal of deposits, resulting in a funding deficit for the Bank Group.
A substantial part of the Bank Group's liquidity and funding requirements is also met through ongoing access to wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments such as covered bonds. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained during periods of reduced liquidity. Even a perception among market participants that a financial institution is experiencing greater liquidity risk can cause significant damage to the institution.
The Bank Group's liquidity could also be impaired by an inability to sell assets or redeem its investments, other outflows o f cash or deterioration in the value o f its collateral. These situations may arise due to circumstances that the Bank Group is unable to control, such as continued general market disruption, loss in confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market participants, credit rating downgrades or operational problems that affect third parties. Although the Bank Group expends significant effort in liquidity risk management and focuses on maintaining liquidity surplus in the short term, the Bank Group is exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls and cannot ensure that the procedures in place to manage such risks will be suitable to eliminate liquidity risk. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the Bank Group's liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with the Bank Group, and the inability of the Bank Group to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.
13

The Bank Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit ratings
The Bank Group's credit ratings are important to its business. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Bank is rated "Aa2" by Moody's, "A+" by S&P and "AA (low)" by DBRS. The ratings from Moody's and S&P carry negative outlooks, while the rating from DBRS carries a stable outlook. In March 2016, the Bank's senior unsecured debt rating was upgraded one level by Moody's, at the same time that the outlook was changed to negative. The negative outlook reflects Moody's expectation that Norway's slowing growth resulting from low oil prices and reduced oil investments will, over time, have a negative impact on the Bank Group's performance. Moody's expects this to negatively impact earnings and weaken credit quality for exposures related to offshore, shipping and commercial real estate. In addition Moody's expects increased losses for the Bank Group's exposures to oilfield services and offshore in the short- to medium-term. The negative outlook by S&P reflects S&P's view of the negative economic trends affecting the Norwegian banking sector. In S&P's view the domestic competition for market share in Norwegian mortgages supports further increases in asset prices and household debt, which presents a growing risk for the economy. In addition a potential swing in consumer confidence could reduce corporate investments, lower employment and depress asset quality. The Bank Group's business is also significantly affected by the credit rating of DNB Boligkreditt AS ("Boligkreditt"). As of 30 June 2016, Boligkreditt's outstanding covered bonds were rated "Aaa" by Moody's and "AAA" by S&P. There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will not downgrade the ratings of the Bank or the ratings of the Bank's or Boligkreditt's debt instruments either as a result of the Bank Group's or Boligkreditt's financial position or changes to applicable rating methodologies used by Moody's and S&P and any other relevant rating agency. A rating agency's evaluation of the Bank Group or Boligkreditt may also be based on a number of factors not entirely within the control of the Bank Group or Boligkreditt, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Any reduction in the Bank's credit ratings or the ratings of its or Boligkreditt's debt instruments could adversely affect the Bank Group's liquidity and competitive position, undermine confidence in the Bank Group, increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets, or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with it. Such development could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.
Other Risks Related to the Bank Group's Business
The Bank Group's success depends on its ability to maintain its customer base
The Bank Group's success depends on its ability to maintain its customer base and to offer its customers a wide range of high quality and competitive products and consistently high levels of service, delivered through channels acceptable to its customers. The Bank Group has sought to achieve this objective by segmenting its branch networks to better serve the diverse needs of each industry segment through, among other things, cross-selling the products and services of the DNB Group's subsidiaries through its marketing and distribution networks, and investing in digital delivery channels while closing little-used branches. Any failure to maintain the Bank Group's customer base or to offer the Bank Group's customers a wide range of high quality and competitive products or consistently high levels of service and competitive delivery channels could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's results of operations, financial condition or prospects.
The Bank Group is exposed to systemic risk
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Bank Group is and will continue to be subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default of any one institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Bank Group or by other institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk" and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom the Bank Group interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's ability to raise new funding and on its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.
14

The Bank Group is exposed to operational risks, including network interruptions and other failures or inadequacies in risk management and internal controlprocedures
The Bank Group's business is dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately. Operations are carried out through a number of entities and also through internet banking platforms. Operational risk and losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, costs and direct and indirect financial losses and/or impairments, can result from a variety of causes, including inadequacies or failures in internal processes, systems (e.g., information technology systems) or licenses from external suppliers; fraud or other criminal actions; employee errors; failure of outsourced services; failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, co-operation partners and other third parties, or to obtain or maintain proper authorization; customer complaints; failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including but not limited to anti-money laundering, data protection and antitrust regulations, or conduct of business rules; equipment failures; failure to protect the Bank Group's assets, including intellectual property rights and collateral; failure of physical and security protection; natural disasters or the failure of external systems, including those of the Bank Group's suppliers or counterparties; and failure to fulfil the Bank Group's obligations, contractual or otherwise. In particular, the Bank Group and its customers have recently been, and may continue to be, affected by a number of serious network problems, which have affected certain of the Bank Group's internet banking and cash machine functions, resulting in intermittent service interruptions. See also "--The Bank Group is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available" below.
Although the Bank Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation precautions and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, it is not possible to implement procedures which are fully effective in controlling operational risks. Some of the risk mitigating measures used by the Bank Group are based on historical information, and the Bank Group's current policies may not comprehensively address the full impact of the global financial crisis or other unforeseen circumstances. Thus, as future development may significantly differ from observed historical development, there is a risk that such measures are inadequate in predicting future risk exposure. Furthermore, risk management methods may rely on estimates, assumptions and available information that may be incorrect or outdated. Any failure to successfully execute the Bank Group's operational risk management and control policies could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's financial condition and results of operations.
The Bank Group is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and communication technology ("ICT") systems, including a significant shift away from physical branches and towards greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications on smartphones. ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, malicious hacking, physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses. Harmonising ICT systems across the Bank Group to create a consistent ICT architecture poses significant challenges.
ICT systems need regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements and to keep pace with possible expansion into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance on information and communication technology more broadly. The Bank Group may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned. In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical issues associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, the Bank Group could face fines from bank regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with applicable banking or reporting regulations, including data protection regulations.
The Bank Group maintains back-up systems for its operations, with one of those back-up systems being located in Norway outside of its premises. However, there are limited scenarios, for example in the event of a major catastrophe resulting in the failure of its information systems, where the Bank Group could lose certain recently entered data with regard to its Norwegian operations or could lose more significant portions of data with regard to its international operations.
15

The Bank Group is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its ICT systems. Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant outsourcing contract, the Bank Group could find the effective functioning of its ICT systems compromised. In particular, the Bank Group and its customers have been, and may in the future become, affected by network problems, which relate to third-party suppliers, and which have affected and might affect in the future certain of the Bank Group's internet banking and cash machine functions, resulting in service interruptions. A major disruption to the Bank Group's ICT systems, whether under the scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a material adverse effect on the normal operation of the Bank Group's business and thus on its financial condition and results of operations.
Cybercrime
Similar to all major financial institutions, the Bank Group's activities have been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the Bank Group's internet bank users and include potential unauthorized access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet bank credentials as well as account and credit card information. The Bank Group has made investments to address threats from cyber attacks; however, there can be no assurance that these investments will be successful in part or in full, or without significant additional expenditures. The Bank Group may experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the Bank Group, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, reputation and results of operations.
The Bank Group is subject to a variety of risks as a result o f its operations outside the Nordic markets
The Bank Group's operations outside the Nordic markets (e.g. in Poland, the Baltic states, India and China) present various emerging market risks that do not apply, or apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. In particular, the Bank Group faces increased economic and political risk, including economic volatility, recession, inflationary pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interruption of business, as well as increased risk of civil unrest, moratorium, imposition of exchange controls, sanctions relating to specific countries, expropriation, nationalization, renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts, sovereign default and changes in law or tax policy.
Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the Bank Group operates could have a negative effect on the Bank Group's business
The Bank Group faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, corporate and retail banking, investment banking and real estate brokering), both in Norway and the international markets in which it operates. Competition for customer lending and deposits is affected by customer demand, technological changes, the impact of consolidation in the banking industry, regulatory actions and other factors. The Bank Group's competitors are principally commercial and investment banks. The reoccurrence of a financial crisis could introduce additional competitive challenges, as during such crises many national governments seek to provide support in a variety of forms to banks organised in their jurisdictions. Depending on the level of government support and the financial strength of the banks in question, this support could strengthen the competitive position of these banks and intensify the competition faced by the Bank Group. Mergers and acquisitions involving the largest Norwegian banks have resulted in a significant concentration of market share, a trend which may continue. Competition has further increased with the emergence of additional distribution channels such as internet and mobile telephone banking. If the Bank Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings, it may fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest income and fee and commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the Bank Group believes that it is in a strong position to continue to compete in the markets in which it operates, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so.
16

The Bank Group couldfail to attract or retain suitably qualified senior management or other key employees
The Bank Group's performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, and the continued ability of the Bank Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from businesses outside the financial services industry for key employees is intense. Any loss of the services of key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel in the future or the need to replace any senior management as a result of failures or perceived failures in management of the Bank Group could have an adverse effect on the Bank Group's business.
Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Bank Group Operates
The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatoryframework is undergoing major changes
The Bank Group's business is subject to ongoing regulatory and associated risks. The Bank Group is subject to financial services laws and regulation (including, but not limited to, those relating to capital adequacy, conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, reporting, and corporate governance), as well as administrative actions and policies in Norway and in each other jurisdiction in which the Bank Group carries on business. The Norwegian FSA is the Bank Group's primary regulator, although the Bank Group is also subject to the supervision of regulators in each country where it has a branch or representative office, including Poland and the Baltic states.
The Bank Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios, which are calculated in accordance with Basel III requirements, as implemented in Norwegian law and regulations (including the transitional Basel I floor). Any increase in the Bank Group's risk-weighted assets due to, among other things, a reduction in the internal credit ratings of borrowers, market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in foreign exchange rates, decreases in collateral values, or further deterioration in the economic environment, could potentially reduce the Bank Group's capital adequacy ratios. If the Bank Group were to experience a reduction in its capital adequacy ratios for any reason (including due to a change in the regulatory capital framework, as described below), it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations or, in more severe circumstances, raise further capital.
Changes in the supervision and regulation of financial institutions, particularly in Norway, could materially affect the Bank Group's business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Areas where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, but are not limited to (i) general changes in government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly influence investor decisions or may increase the costs of doing business in the Nordic markets and other European markets, and such other markets where the Bank Group carries out its business, (ii) changes in the capital adequacy framework and imposition of onerous compliance obligations, (iii) changes in competition and pricing environments, (iv) differentiation among financial institutions by governments with respect to the extension of guarantees of customer deposits and the terms attaching to such guarantees, and (v) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership, producing legal uncertainty, which in turn may affect demand for the Bank Group's products and services.
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in recent years in order to increase capital requirements, increase the quantity and quality of capital, and raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and implemented by the European Union through CRD IV (as defined below).
17

Norway introduced new capital requirements as of 1 July 2013 by making amendments to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act of 10 June 1988 No. 40, which was subsequently abolished and replaced by the Act on Financial Enterprises and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015 No. 17) (the "Financial Enterprises Act"). The Financial Enterprises Act consolidated several legislative acts relevant for financial enterprises such as banks, with effect from 1 January 2016, as the first step in the adaptation to the EU capital requirements regulations for credit institutions and investment firms, "CRR/CRD IV". The capital requirements in Norway imply a gradual increase in the formal capital requirements in the near term.
The capital adequacy requirements for banks consist of two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements determined by the political authorities. As per the provisions of the Financial Enterprises Act, banks must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets ("RWAs"), within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common equity tier 1 capital and at least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital.
In addition to this, the Financial Enterprises Act imposes various capital buffer requirements which must be met by Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of common equity tier 1. As of 1 July 2016, the capital buffer requirements consisted of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs, (ii) a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent. of RWAs and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of 1.5 per cent of RWAs. Financial enterprises (including the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the Norwegian authorities have designated as systemically important (referred to as "Other Systemically Important Institutions" or "OSIIs") must also comply with a systemically important financial institutions ("SIFI") buffer of 2 per cent of RWAs, to mitigate systemic risk.
Accordingly, as of 1 July 2016, the minimum common equity Tier 1 capital requirement, including the buffer requirements, was set at 13.5 per cent. of RWAs for Norwegian OSIIs and 11.5 per cent. of RWAs for other Norwegian banks.
Under CRD IV, each EU member state is responsible for setting a counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to exposures in its own jurisdiction. The relevant authorities in the other EU member states are required to apply such rate to the exposures in that jurisdiction of the banks which they regulate (with discretion whether to recognise a rate higher than 2.5 per cent. of RWAs). The counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to a particular bank will be the weighted average of the counter-cyclical buffer rates in those jurisdictions where such bank has exposures from time to time (with the bank's home relevant authority determining the applicable counter-cyclical buffer rate for exposures in jurisdictions outside the EU or in any EU jurisdiction where the relevant authority has not set a counter-cyclical buffer rate). On 28 September 2016, the Ministry of Finance passed a regulation proposed by the Norwegian FSA amending the regulation on the buffer requirement and providing that the Norwegian counter-cyclical buffer rate will be applicable in relation to a Norwegian bank's exposure both in Norway and in any EEA jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction which has not set a counter-cyclical buffer rate, and that for a bank's exposure in any EEA jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where the relevant local authority has set a counter-cyclical buffer rate such rate shall be applied unless the Norwegian Ministry of Finance decides otherwise. The regulation became effective as of 1 October 2016. The Bank anticipates that adoption of this regulation will lead to a reduction in its effective counter-cyclical buffer rate (which, indicatively, would have been a reduction from 1.5 per cent. to approximately 1.2 per cent. as at 30 June 2016 had the regulation been effective by such date). A reduction in the Bank's effective counter-cyclical buffer rate would reduce its overall common equity tier 1 requirement (and so, based on the requirement as of 1 July 2016 for Norwegian OSIIs to hold 13.5 per cent of RWAs, a reduction in the Bank's effective counter-cyclical buffer rate by approximately 0.3 per cent. would reduce its common equity tier 1 requirement to approximately 13.2 per cent. of risk weighted assets). The level of the counter-cyclical buffer will be re-assessed by the Ministry of Finance, and the relevant authorities in each other Member State, each quarter, and may result in an increase or a decrease to the rate. A decision to increase the requirement may normally enter into force no earlier than 12 months following such decision. In its latest decision announced on 22 September 2016, the Ministry of Finance confirmed no further changes in the counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to exposures in Norway for the time being.
CRD IV permits regulators to require the banks which they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred to as "Pillar 2" capital requirements. The Norwegian FSA's Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 requirements and are expected to reflect institution-specific capital requirements relating to risks which are not
18

covered or only partly covered by Pillar 1. Further to the Norwegian FSA's Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") for 2015, the Pillar 2 requirement for the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group has been set at 1.5 per cent. of RWAs and must be met with common equity Tier 1 capital. The total common equity Tier 1 capital requirement will thus be approximately 14.7 per cent. at year-end 2016 (assuming no further changes to the Pillar 2 or buffer requirements, and assuming that the Bank's effective counter-cyclical buffer rate reduces by approximately 0.3 per cent. as a result of the implementation of the regulation referred to above). The Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group expect to fulfil this requirement through retained earnings and capital efficiency measures. The Pillar 2 requirement is the supervisory authority's assessment of many factors at a given point in time and may be revised upwards or downwards on an ongoing basis to address the specific risk profile of the institution being regulated.
On 25 May 2016 the Norwegian FSA sent a proposal to the Ministry of Finance for a change of the treatment of the investments in insurance subsidiaries related to the Norwegian Basel I floor regulation. The proposal was the subject of a public consultation, with the consultation period ending on 19 August 2016. No decision has yet been announced as to whether the proposed changes will be implemented, but, if implemented, the proposal would have no effect on the common equity tier 1 capital ratio of the Bank or the Bank Group, but would result in a reduction of the DNB Group's common equity tier 1 ratio (such reduction would have been equal to approximately 0.2 per cent. as at 30 June 2016 had such proposal been implemented by such date, reducing the ratio from 15.2 to 15.0 per cent).
The Bank took part in the stress tests of European banks in 2011 and 2014, coordinated by the European Banking Authority (the "EBA"). The stress tests assess European banks' resilience to severe shocks and losses, such as loan losses, market risk and reductions in net interest income, and the resulting effects on the banks' common equity Tier 1 capital ratios. The Bank was also part of the EBA 2016 stress test based on the year-end figures for 2015. The adverse scenario stress test result for the DNB Bank Group showed a materially unchanged CET1 ratio of 14.30 per cent. (a reduction of 0.01 per cent.) DNB maintains positive results before dividend during the stress test period (2016 - 2018) which, according to the EBA methodology, gives a stable capital base. The risk exposure amount is also unchanged due to the effects of the Norwegian transitional rule based on the non-risksensitive Basel I system.
The Basel III framework also provided for capital requirements based on total (i.e. non-risk weighted) assets, referred to as leverage ratio requirements. On 31 March 2016, the Norwegian FSA responded to the Norwegian Ministry of Finance's request to prepare proposals for a discussion paper and draft regulations concerning non risk based leverage ratio requirements. The draft regulations suggest that a minimum 6 per cent. non-risk based leverage ratio requirement for banks, finance companies, holding companies in a financial group and investment firms who provides certain investment services will be required. The Ministry of Finance circulated the draft regulation and the discussion paper for public comment on 12 April 2016. The consultation period concluded on 5 August 2016. No decision has yet been announced as to whether the proposed changes will be implemented, but it should be noted that the Norwegian FSA and Norges Bank have jointly responded to the Basel Committee's proposal for the leverage ratio framework, expressing their view that the suggested 3 per cent. non-risk based leverage ratio requirement is too low and that 6 per cent. has been suggested for Norwegian banks. However, the Norwegian FSA's current recommendation is that the implementation of the non-risk based leverage ratio requirement should be put on hold until EU legislation on this point is finalised. In addition, the Norwegian FSA suggested that the leverage ratio should be addressed in the Pillar 2 assessments of the enterprises until 2018. As at 30 June 2016, the leverage ratio of the DNB Group was 6.8 per cent (6.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2015).
The nature of the Bank Group's business as well as external conditions are constantly changing. As a result, and to ensure compliance with the changing regulatory landscape, the Bank Group may need to increase its capital ratios in the future, by reducing its lending or investment in other operations or raising additional capital. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, may not be available on attractive terms, or at all. In addition, it is difficult to predict what regulatory requirements relating to capital may be imposed in the future or accurately estimate the impact that any currently proposed regulatory changes may have on the business, the products and services offered by Bank Group and the values of its assets. For example, if any entity of the Bank Group is required to make additional provisions, increase its reserves or capital, or exit or change its approach to certain businesses as a result of the
19

initiatives to strengthen the regulation of credit institutions, this could materially adversely affect the Bank Group's and/or the DNB Group's results of operations or financial condition.
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRD IV includes requirements relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (or "LCR"). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has decided to introduce the LCR ahead of the schedule contemplated by the European Union. Norwegian domestic systemically important banks, including the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group were required to meet the 100 per cent. LCR requirement as of 31 December 2015. As a result, and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the Bank Group and the DNB Group may need to hold additional liquid assets, which may have an adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition.
Norway has so far not implemented net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") liquidity rules pending further developments on EU regulations governing NSFR.
Bank winding up and crisis management
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system.
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by European Union Member States from 1 January 2015, except for the general bail-in tool (see below) which was required to be applied from 1 January 2016. Norway will not be directly bound by the BRRD before it has been implemented into the Agreement on the European Economic Area, which entered into force on 1 January 1994 (the "EEA Agreement") and even if Norway is seeking to adopt EU directives and regulations prior to their implementation in the EEA Agreement, no draft regulations have been suggested in Norway at present. Furthermore, some of the provisions of the BRRD relating to the supranational powers of the European Banking Authority appear to conflict with the Norwegian constitution, and that implementation will therefore require approval from a three-quarters majority of the Norwegian Parliament. The Ministers of Finance in the EEA member states reached an agreement with the EU Member States on 14 October 2014 on the principles of how the supranational powers of the European Banking Authority are to be implemented in the EEA. A proposal for the implementation of certain resolutions made by the EEA committee for the implementation of certain EU regulations and directives into the EEA Agreement, including the resolution on the establishment of the European Banking Authority (Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council) was sent to the Norwegian Parliament for approval on 15 April 2015. The Norwegian Parliament debated and approved the resolution on 13 June 2016. It is expected that the Norwegian banking law commission will provide the Norwegian Government with its considerations on implementation of the BRRD and revisions to relevant Norwegian legislation during autumn 2016. However, it is uncertain whether these measures will be adopted or, if adopted, when and in what form. With respect to Norwegian rules currently in force regarding loss absorption, please see "The Notes may also be written down under the Norwegian Financial Enterprises Act" below.
If BRRD were to be implemented in Norway in line with EU legislation, the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group would become subject to its resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with
20

another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which would include claims in respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, which would include securities such as the Notes, to equity (the "general bail-in tool"), with such equity also being subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework.
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of such securities upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool or other powers under the BRRD.
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Notes) are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution would no longer be viable.
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.
If the BRRD is implemented in Norway in line with the EU legislation, holders of Notes may be subject to write down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool or the non-viability loss absorption tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes, or their rights in respect of the Notes and/or the value of their investment may otherwise be materially adversely affected.
In addition, the market price of the Notes could be adversely affected by the implementation or proposed implementation of BRRD in Norway and/or, following any such implementation, by any actual or anticipated use of the powers thereunder in respect of the Bank, the Bank Group, the DNB Group and/or the Notes. Any action taken under such legislation in respect of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group could also affect the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.
Under the BRRD there is also a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own funds and other eligible liabilities ("MREL") which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect (subject to transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Given that Norway has not yet implemented the BRRD it is currently unclear how such requirements may be applied to Norwegian banks such as the Bank in the future. However, if MREL requirements were to be introduced for the Bank and the Bank Group, that could result in increased common equity tier 1 requirements which, if required to be stacked below the capital buffers (i.e. common equity tier 1 resources were required to be used to meet MREL requirements ahead of buffer requirements), may result in an increased risk of a breach of the combined buffer requirement and the resulting payment restrictions described under "Risks related to the structure o f the Notes - Payments on the Notes will be subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount introduced under the CRR/CRDIVregulations o f 22 August 2014" below.
21

As it remains uncertain when and how the BRRD will be implemented in Norway, and in any event the Norwegian authorities could elect to adopt more onerous provisions than required under the EU legislation, it is difficult to anticipate the potential implications for the Bank or the Notes issued.
Any of the changes in the supervision and regulation of financial institutions, or any other future changes, may have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business and operations, liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. Although the Bank Group works closely with its regulators and continually monitors the regulatory framework and compliance, the timing and form of future changes in regulation can be unpredictable and are beyond the control o f the Bank Group. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.
In addition, there can be no assurance that debt and equity investors, analysts and other market professionals will not expect higher capital buffers and that any such market expectations will not increase the Bank Group's borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets or result in a downgrade of its ratings.
The Dodd-Frank Act
In the United States, the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, of 2010 (the "DoddFrank Act") has led to significant structural reforms affecting the financial services industry, including non-U.S. banks, by addressing, among other issues, systemic risk oversight, bank capital standards, the orderly liquidation of failing systemically significant financial institutions, and over-the-counter derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act also contains the Volcker Rule, which broadly prohibits banking entities, including the Bank and all of its global affiliates, from proprietary trading and sponsoring or investing in hedge, private equity and similar funds, subject to a number of exceptions.
The Department of the Treasury, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC"), Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"), and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") are engaged in extensive rule-making mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. While many of the regulations under DoddFrank have been finalised or proposed, significant uncertainty remains on the overall impact Dodd-Frank could have on the Bank or the financial services industry as a whole.
No assurance can be given that the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulations or any other new legislative changes enacted will not have a significant impact on the Bank.
Governmental responses to recent market disruptions may be inadequate and may have unintended consequences
The Bank Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to recent market disruptions in the countries where it operates. As a result of the global financial crisis and subsequent government intervention, there has been, and there may continue to be, a substantial increase in governmental policy responses to recent market disruptions, including reductions in public spending and the imposition of further fiscal austerity measures, and changes in monetary and interest rate policies.
The Bank Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the interpretation of fiscal legislation by any tax authority. The measures taken by various European governments to stimulate the economy and/or support the banking system, including, among other things, the recent bank bail-out plans and austerity measures, may lead to an increase in the tax burden or to a reduction in tax benefits. Significant changes in governmental policy responses in Norway or in the other countries where the Bank Group operates, or difficulties in implementing such responses or with the type and effectiveness of the impact of such responses, may have a relevant adverse impact on the activity, financial situation and operating results of the Bank Group.
22

The Bank Group is exposed to risks related to bribery, money laundering activities and sanctions violations, especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money laundering and anti terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort
The Bank Group is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing and economic sanctions. In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to or used for bribery or money laundering has increased worldwide. These risks are higher in emerging markets, such as the Baltic states, than in Norway and other more developed markets where the Bank Group operates. The high turnover of employees, the difficulty in consistently implementing related policies and technology systems, and the general business conditions in emerging markets mean that the risk of the occurrence of money laundering is higher in these countries. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and pose significant technical problems. Although the Bank Group believes that its current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules and regulations, it cannot guarantee that its group-wide anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures prevent instances of money laundering or terrorism financing. Any violation of anti money laundering rules, or even the suggestion of violations, may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the Bank Group and could, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's financial condition and results of operations. The Bank Group also faces increased compliance and operational risks in its emerging market operations for the reasons described above.
The legal relationships between the Bank Group and its customers are based on standardised contracts and forms created for a large number of commercial transactions; as a result, problems with the conditions in this documentation, or errors in it, could affect a large number of contracts with customers
The Bank Group maintains contractual relationships with a large number of customers. The Bank Group uses general terms and conditions and standard templates for contracts and forms in the majority of its business areas and departments. The use of standard contracts and forms poses a significant risk due to the large number of contracts. As a result of ordinary evolution of laws and new judicial decisions, and the growing influence of European legislation on national laws, it is possible that not all the general terms and conditions, standard contracts and forms used by the Bank Group comply with all of the applicable legal requirements at all times. If there are drafting errors, interpretive issues, or if the individual contractual terms or the contracts are deemed invalid in their entirety or in part, a large number of customer relationships may be adversely affected, which may result in claims for compensation or other legal consequences that may have an adverse effect on the financial condition and operating results of the Bank Group.
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct o f the Bank Group's business
In the ordinary course of its business, the Bank Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The Bank Group is subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Regulation and regulatory requirements are continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the Bank Group, including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, capital requirements, reporting and corporate governance.
Furthermore, as part of its banking activities, the Bank Group provides its customers with investment advice, other investment services and investment products and access to internally as well as externally managed funds, and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred by its customers due to investment advice, other services or products from the Bank Group, or misconduct or fraudulent actions in connection with the provision of investment services or the sale of investment products or otherwise, the Bank Group's customers may seek compensation from or otherwise take legal action against the Bank Group. See "Description o f the Issuer and the DNB Group--Litigation" In certain cases, compensation might be sought from the Bank Group even if the Bank Group has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to its customers.
The Bank Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental investigations in jurisdictions where it operates. See "Description o f the Issuer and the DNB Group--Litigation" Such claims,
23

disputes and legal proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes and ultimate consequences are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or an investigation. These types of claims and proceedings may expose the Bank Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licenses or authorizations, or loss of reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
In particular, on 21 June 2016 the Norwegian Consumer Council instituted legal proceedings against DNB Asset Management AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DNB ASA offering asset management services. It seeks to institute a class action to pursue compensation up to approximately NOK 690 million in total plus interest for 180,000 current investors and a number of former investors in a fund managed by DNB Asset Management AS as well as two funds which merged into that fund, with respect to allegations that the funds were charging high fees for active management but actually were simply tracking an index. DNB Asset Management AS is vigorously defending the legal action brought by the Norwegian Consumer Council, and has, in its reply to Oslo City Court, rejected the allegations. DNB is also arguing that the case should be dismissed as the case does not meet the criteria for class action lawsuits. The legal action brought by the Norwegian Consumer Council could expose the DNB Group to potential liability and/or damage its reputation.
Even though the Bank Group believes it has appropriately provided for contingent obligations in respect of claims, litigation and other proceedings, the outcome of any such claim, litigation or proceeding may differ from management expectations and expose the Bank Group to unexpected costs and losses, reputational and other non financial consequences and diversion of management attention.
Any of the above-mentioned factors or any other restrictions or limitations on the operations of financial institutions could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.
The Bank Group is exposed to the risk of changes in tax and VAT legislation and the interpretation o f such legislation as well as changes in such rates
The Bank Group's activities are subject to tax and VAT at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it operates, computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Future actions by the Norwegian or other governments to increase tax or VAT rates or to impose additional taxes or duties would reduce the Bank Group's profitability. Revisions of tax or VAT legislation or changes in its interpretation as well as differences in opinion between the Bank Group and tax authorities with respect to interpretation of relevant legislation might also affect the Bank Group's financial condition in the future. Such changes and the outcome of ongoing proceedings where the Bank Group's interpretation of tax and VAT legislation is challenged by tax authorities could have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. Further, there can be no assurance that any such change in tax and VAT legislation or the interpretation of tax and VAT legislation may not have a retroactive effect on the Bank Group's business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.
The Bank Group may be impacted by changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and the interpretation o f such policies and standards
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Bank Group's financial statements. Further, changes may take place in the interpretation of, or differences of opinion may arise between the Bank Group and competent authorities with regard to the application of, such standards. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the Bank Group records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the Bank Group may be required to apply a new or revised standard, or alter the application of an existing standard, retroactively, rendering a restatement of prior period financial statements necessary. Any such change in the Bank Group's accounting policies or applicable accounting standards could materially affect its reported financial condition and/or results of operations.
24

Conflicts o f interest, whether actual or perceived, may negatively impact the Bank Group
As the Bank Group expands the scope of its business and its customer base, it must increasingly implement corporate governance policies on a group-wide level and address potential conflicts of interest, including situations where the Bank Group provides services to a particular customer or its own proprietary investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another customer, as well as situations where one or more of the Bank Group's businesses have access to material non-public information that may not be shared with other businesses within the Bank Group. Appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex, in part because internal breaches of policy can be difficult to discover. The Bank Group's reputation may be damaged, and the willingness of customers to enter into transactions in which such a conflict might arise may be affected, if the Bank Group fails, or appears to fail, to identify and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest.
Financial services operations involve inherent reputational risk
The Bank Group's reputation is one of its most important assets. Reputational risk, including the risk to earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the financial services business. Negative public opinion can result from any number of causes, including misconduct by employees, non-compliance by members of the Bank Group with applicable internal policies and regulations, the activities of business partners over which the Bank Group has limited or no control, severe or prolonged financial losses, uncertainty about the Bank Group's financial soundness or reliability (including the reliability of its internet banking platforms) or the Bank Group's conduct of its business. Negative public opinion may adversely affect the Bank Group's ability to keep and attract customers, depositors and investors, as well as its relationships with regulators and the general public.
For example, the Bank Group has in 2016 attracted public attention in connection with revelations after the "Panama Papers" leak of confidential documents. On 11 April 2016, the Board of Directors sent a written report to the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries. The reason for the report was that the Bank's subsidiary in Luxembourg facilitated the establishment of 42 companies in the Seychelles for customers during the period 2006 to 2008. In the report, the Board presented the findings which had thus far resulted from internal investigations. The Board requested law firm Hjort to conduct a survey and report to the Board on this matter in order to provide the Board with full insight. Hjort presented its final report on 11 September 2016. Amongst the main findings, the report concluded that whilst the Bank Group's standard procedure for new products was not followed when the service was established in 2006 and the Bank Group's code of ethics was violated in 2006 and 2008, no violations of law have been uncovered in connection with the establishment o f those companies.
The Board has asked group management to implement certain additional risk measures in response to this incident. Nevertheless, this or similar incidents in the future may have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The Bank Group cannot ensure that it will be successful in avoiding damage to its business from reputational risk.
Capital, including the Notes, raised or issued by the Bank will not fully count towards the capital requirements o f the DNB Group
Capital, including the Notes, raised or issued at the Bank level will be recognised at the DNB Group level in accordance with the principle set out in the Norwegian regulation Forskrift om endring avforskrift om anvendelse av soliditetsregler på konsolidert basis mv, §4a. As a result of compliance with this principle, the full principal amount of capital raised at the Bank level may not be recognised at the DNB Group level. For further information regarding the current regulatory capital ratios of the Bank and the DNB Group, see "Description o f the Issuer and the DNB Group - Regulatory Capital Ratios"
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE NOTES
The obligations o f the Issuer in respect o f the Notes are unsecured and deeply subordinated and investors assume an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency
25

The Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer.
On a liquidation, dissolution or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer) (referred to herein as a "winding-up of the Issuer"), all claims in respect of the Notes (including claims for damages in respect of any breach of the Issuer's obligations thereunder) will rank junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer and pari passu with claims in respect of any Parity Securities. If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Holders will lose their entire investment in the Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Notes, Holders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Notes.
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Holders during a windingup of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.
Furthermore, as of 30 June 2016, net loans to customers in Boligkreditt made up more than one-third of total net loans to customers in the Bank Group. Residential mortgages transferred by the Bank to Boligkreditt or originated by Boligkreditt through DNB distribution channels comprise the cover pool and thereby serve as security for holders of the covered bonds issued by Boligkreditt (and also counterparties under derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds). Once transferred, these mortgages do not form part of the general assets of the Bank that would be available to holders of the Notes in the case of insolvency or liquidation of the Bank. The Bank Group intends to cover a significant part of its long-term funding requirement through the additional issuance of covered bonds, which will be secured origination of mortgages by Boligkreditt through DNB distribution channels and/or further transfers of retail mortgages from the Bank to Boligkreditt. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and in addition to being subordinated to most of the Issuer's own liabilities the Holders are structurally subordinated to the covered bondholders and such hedge counterparties to the extent of the cover pool, and are not likely to ever have access to this cover pool should the Issuer become insolvent or be liquidated.
In addition, as further described below under "Upon the occurrence o f a Trigger Event, the principal amount o f the Notes will be Written Down", the principal amount of the Notes will, in certain circumstances, be Written Down, which may be in part or (save for the one cent floor) in whole and may occur on one or more occasions. In a winding-up of the Issuer, the claims of Holders in respect of their Notes will be for the Outstanding Principal Amount at the time of the winding-up of the Issuer, which may be less than the Original Principal Amount of the Notes. The Notes do not contain any restriction on the Issuer's ability to issue securities that may have rights similar but preferential to those of the Notes including securities having more favourable, or no, provisions similar to the Trigger Event applicable to the Notes.
Although the Notes have the potential (subject always to the Issuer's right to cancel interest payments) to pay a higher rate of interest than securities which are not subordinated, there is a substantial risk that investors in the Notes will lose all or some of the value of their investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur.
The Issuer may at any time elect, and in certain circumstances shall be required, not to make interestpayments on the Notes
The Issuer may at any time elect, in its full and sole discretion, to cancel any interest payment (in whole or in part) on the Notes which would otherwise be due on any Interest Payment Date. Additionally, the Norwegian FSA has the power to direct the Issuer to exercise its discretion to cancel any interest payment (in whole or in part) on the Notes.
Furthermore, the Issuer will cancel any interest payment (in whole or in part) which would otherwise fall due on an Interest Payment Date if and to the extent that payment of such payment of interest would: (i) when aggregated
26

with other relevant stipulated payments or distributions, exceed the Distributable Items of the Issuer; or (ii) when aggregated with other relevant distributions, cause any Maximum Distributable Amount then applicable to the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group to be exceeded.
In addition, if a Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer will cancel all interest accrued up to (and including) the Write Down Date.
With respect to cancellation of interest due to insufficient Distributable Items, see also "The level o f the Issuer's Distributable Items is affected by a number o ffactors and insufficient Distributable Items will restrict the ability o f the Issuer to make interest payments on the Notes'" below. With respect to cancellation of interest due to the application of a Maximum Distributable Amount, see also "Payments on the Notes will be subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount introduced under the CRR/CRDIVregulations o f 22 August 2014"below.
Any interest which is cancelled as a result of optional or mandatory cancellation as described above shall not accumulate and shall no longer be due and payable by the Issuer. A cancellation of interest in accordance with the Conditions will not constitute a default of the Issuer under the Notes for any purpose, and Holders will have no right to such cancelled interest, or any amount in respect thereof, at any time (including in a winding-up of the Issuer).
If the Issuer elects to cancel, or is prohibited from paying, interest on the Notes at any time, there is no restriction under the terms of the Notes on the Issuer from otherwise paying dividends, interest or other distributions on, or redeeming or repurchasing, any of its other liabilities (including liabilities which rank pari passu with, or junior to, the Notes) or any of its share capital. In proposing the interim or final distributions (if any) to be declared in respect of the ordinary shares of the Issuer in respect of any given financial year, the Issuer will have regard to all relevant factors which it considers to be appropriate, including the profitability of the Issuer, its resources available for distribution and the capital and liquidity position of the Issuer at the time of proposing the distribution for approval by the shareholders of the Issuer. The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are senior in ranking to the ordinary shares of the Issuer. It is the Issuer's current intention that, whenever exercising its discretion to propose any dividend in respect of the ordinary shares, or its discretion to cancel interest on the Notes, the Issuer will take into account the relative ranking of these instruments in its capital structure. However, the Issuer may at any time depart from this policy at its sole discretion.
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the Notes will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions of the Notes, the market price of the Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are not subject to such cancellation and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's finan cial condition. Any indication that the CET1 Ratio of the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group is trending towards a failure to meet fully the combined capital buffer requirement (the level at which the Maximum Distributable Amount restriction becomes relevant) may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.
The level of the Issuer's Distributable Items is affected by a number offactors and insufficient Distributable Items will restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interestpayments on the Notes
The Issuer will cancel any payment of interest amount (in whole or in part) which would otherwise fall due on an Interest Payment Date if and to the extent that payment of such interest would, when aggregated with other relevant stipulated payments or distributions, exceed the Distributable Items of the Issuer.
Distributable items of the Issuer are currently calculated in accordance with Norwegian company law as the Norwegian laws implementing CRR/CRD IV do not contain a definition of `distributable items'. Based on the Norwegian Public Limited Company Act provisions regarding items available for distribution, the Bank had approximately NOK132.2 billion in distributable items as at 31 December 2015, determined as total equity (NOK151.5 billion) less share capital (NOK18.3 billion) less fund for unrealised gain (NOK1.0 billion). As 31 December 2014, the Bank had distributable items of approximately NOK107.9 billion, determined as total equity (NOK127.7 billion) less share capital (NOK18.3 billion) less fund for unrealised gain (NOK1.5 billion).
27

The level of the Issuer's Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors. The Issuer's future Distributable Items, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments under the Notes, are a function of the Issuer's existing Distributable Items and its future profitability. In addition, the Issuer's Distributable Items may also be adversely affected by the servicing of more senior instruments or parity ranking instruments.
The level of the Issuer's Distributable Items may be affected by changes to accounting rules, regulation or the requirements and expectations of applicable regulatory authorities. Any such potential changes could adversely affect the Issuer's Distributable Items in the future.
The Issuer's Distributable Items, and therefore the Issuer's ability to make interest payments under the Notes, may be adversely affected by the performance of the business of the Bank Group in general, factors affecting its financial position (including capital and leverage), the economic environment in which the Bank Group operates and other factors outside of the Issuer's control. In addition, adjustments to earnings, as determined by the Board, may fluctuate significantly and may materially adversely affect Distributable Items.
Payments on the Notes will be subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount introduced under the CRR/CRD IV regulations o f 22 August 2014
In circumstances where section 6 of the CRR/CRD IV regulations of 22 August 2014 (forskrift om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV av 22. august 2014 no. 1097) (the "August 2014 Regulations") applies (as described below), no payments (or deemed payments) will be made on the Notes (whether by way of principal, interest, Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise) if and to the extent that such payment would, when aggregated together with other distributions of the kind referred to in section 6(2) of the August 2014 Regulations, cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any), determined in accordance with section 6(3) of the August 2014 Regulations then applicable to any of the Issuer, the Bank Group or the DNB Group to be exceeded.
Under Applicable Banking Regulations, the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group are required to hold certain amounts of regulatory capital as described above in "The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatory framework is undergoing major changes Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements".
Under the August 2014 Regulations, institutions which fail to fully meet their combined buffer requirement will be subject to restricted "discretionary payments", including payments relating to common equity tier 1 and additional tier 1 instruments and variable remuneration to staff. The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer requirement and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the relevant institution since the last distribution of profits or other relevant "discretionary payment". Such calculation will result in a "maximum distributable amount" in each relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the "combined buffer requirement", no "discretionary distributions" will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement by the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group, it may be necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the Notes.
As noted under "The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatory framework is undergoing major changes - Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements", in addition to Pillar 1 minimum capital requirements and buffer capital requirements, a regulator may impose a Pillar 2 capital requirement on any institution it regulates, such requirement being calibrated individually for such institution to address the specific risk profile of such institution. A Pillar 2 capital requirement can be imposed, increased, decreased or withdrawn by the relevant regulator at any time.
The quantum of any Pillar 2 requirement imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to meeting such capital requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is `stacked' below the capital buffers (i.e. the bank's capital resources must first be applied to meeting the Pillar 2 requirements in full before capital can be applied to meeting the capital buffers) or `stacked' above the capital buffers (i.e. the bank's capital resources can be applied to meeting the capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 requirement) may all impact a bank's ability to make discretionary payments on its tier 1 capital, including interest payments on additional tier 1 instruments.
28

The interaction between Pillar 2 requirements and the Maximum Distributable Amount (or "MDA") restriction has been the subject of much debate, both in the European Union and in Norway.
European Union approach
On 16 December 2015, the European Banking Authority ("EBA") published opinion EBA/Op/2015/24 on the interaction of Pillar 1, Pillar 2 and combined buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions (the "EBA Opinion"). Amongst other things, the EBA Opinion (which does not have the force of law) included an opinion addressed to EEA competent authorities that they should "ensure that the CET1 capital to be taken into account for the MDA calculation is limited to the amount not used to meet the Pillar 1 and 2 own funds requirements o f the institution" In effect, this would mean that Pillar 2 capital requirements would be `stacked' below the capital buffers, and thus a firm's common equity tier 1 capital resources would only be applied to meeting capital buffer requirements after Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital requirements have been met in full.
However, more recently, the EBA and the European Central Bank (the " ECB") appear to have adopted a more flexible approach to Pillar 2. In its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA has recognised a distinction between "pillar 2 requirements" (stacked below the capital buffers and thus potentially directly affecting the application of an MDA) and "pillar 2 guidance" (stacked above the capital buffers). With respect to pillar 2 guidance, the publication stated that, in response to the stress test results, competent authorities may (amongst other things) consider "setting capital guidance, above the combined buffer requirement. In cases where capital guidance is provided, that guidance will not be included in calculations o f the Maximum Distributable Amount, but competent authorities would expect banks to meet that guidance except when explicitly agreed, for example in severe adverse economic conditions. Competent authorities have remedial tools if an institution refuses tofollow such guidance.".
The ECB published a set of "Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test", confirming this distinction between Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 guidance and noting that " Under the stacking order, banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil their Pillar 2 guidance. In case o ffurther losses, they would next breach the combined buffers, then Pillar 2 requirements, andfinally Pillar 1 requirements. "
Norwegian approach
The current Norwegian approach is described in a circular dated on 27 July 2016 (No. 12/2016) on the Norwegian FSA's methodologies for assessing risk and capital needs (the "July 2016 Circular"), which supersedes an earlier circular dated 14 August 2015 (No. 9/2015) (the "August 2015 Circular") following open correspondence between the Norwegian FSA and the Norwegian Ministry of Finance. The position in Norway can be summarised as follows, based on the current interpretation of Norwegian law by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance:
· the Pillar 2 add-ons must be met with common equity tier 1 capital. Pillar 2 is intended to address risks not captured within Pillar 1, and the methods and the basis of the calculation of the Pillar 2 requirement and the level of the Pillar 2 requirement for each individual institution will be made public by the Norwegian FSA. It is left to the individual institution to decide whether the Norwegian FSA's observations, including the content of the SREP feedback, are of such a nature as to warrant publication;
· the Pillar 2 requirement will be 'stacked' above the capital buffers, and thus common equity tier 1 capital resources can be used first to meet the Pillar 1 minimum capital requirements and buffer capital requirements. Accordingly, failure to comply with Pillar 2 requirements will not result in automatic restrictions on discretionary payments, such as the MDA restriction in respect of the Notes;
· however, Norwegian institutions are expected to comply with their Pillar 2 requirements, and the Norwegian FSA must be notified immediately if an institution has reason to believe that its capital adequacy ratio will fall below, or has already fallen below, its overall need for capital (i.e. the sum of the minimum Pillar 1 requirement, capital buffer requirement and Pillar 2 add-on requirement). The institution would be expected to present an action plan to increase capital adequacy and/or reduce risk, and the Norwegian FSA has the power under the Financial Enterprises Act section 14-6 to, amongst other
29

things, impose restrictions on payment of shareholder dividends, interest on additional tier 1 capital securities (such as the Notes) and on performance-based remuneration. Further, the Norwegian FSA may notify an institution about its intention to take any such measures in its SREP feedback if the institution's actual capital adequacy ratio is only barely above the overall capital requirement or if other circumstances so require; and
· the Norwegian FSA and Ministry of Finance have acknowledged that the Norwegian approach is not directly aligned with the EBA's original views expressed in the EBA Opinion, but are content that the absence of automatic payment restrictions upon failure to comply with Pillar 2 requirements does not prevent the Norwegian FSA from passing restrictions upon breach of the total capital requirement as provided above.
Application to DNB
On 22 October 2015, DNB published the outcome for DNB of the Norwegian FSA's SREP for 2015. The Pillar 2 requirement for the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group set as a result of the SREP is currently 1.5 per cent of RWA. As noted above, the Pillar 2 requirement relates to risks not covered by Pillar 1 and must be met with common equity tier 1 capital. The Pillar 2 requirement is in addition to the minimum and combined buffer requirements under Pillar 1.
The Pillar 2 requirement is the supervisory authority's assessment of many factors at a given point in time and may be revised upwards or downwards on an ongoing basis. Taking into account stated Pillar 2 and buffer requirements, the common equity tier 1 requirement for the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group at yearend 2015 was 13.5 per cent. Assuming that the Pillar 2 requirement for the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group remains at 1.5 per cent., and the buffer requirements do not change beyond those increases already announced (and assuming that the Bank's effective counter-cyclical buffer rate reduces by approximately 0.3 per cent. as a result of the implementation on 1 October 2016 of the amendment to the regulation on counter-cyclical buffers, as referred to above under "The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatory framework is undergoing major changes - Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements'"), the resulting common equity tier 1 requirement would be approximately 14.7 per cent by year-end 2016. The requirements will be adjusted to reflect any future changes in the Pillar 2 add-on or the buffer requirements.
The future Pillar 2 additional own funds requirements which may be imposed on the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group are not certain, and the Norwegian FSA's current policy with respect to Pillar 2 requirements and their interaction with the MDA restriction may change in future.
Each of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group currently intend to maintain an internal management buffer comprising common equity tier 1 capital over the combined buffer requirement. As at the date of this Prospectus, management of DNB ASA are targeting an internal management buffer in respect of the DNB Group equal to approximately 0.5 per cent. of RWA by year-end 2017. There can be no assurance, however, that management will continue to target such a buffer, that the DNB Group will meet such target or that the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group will otherwise achieve or continue to maintain internal management buffers or that any such buffers would be sufficient to protect against a breach of the combined buffer requirement, potentially resulting in restrictions on payments on the Notes.
The total capital requirements are calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which, or combination of which, may not be easily observable or capable of calculation by investors. Further, the Norwegian FSA may raise the capital requirement of the Issuer to cover other risks without such information being disclosed to the public. Accordingly, investors in the Notes may not be able to assess or predict accurately the proximity of the risk of interest payments not being made.
30

The Notes may be traded with accrued interest, but (i) under certain circumstances described above, such interest will be cancelled and not paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) the Issuer retains full discretion to cancel interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date
The Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Notes may appear, in any trading systems and/or on any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being quoted, with accrued interest. If this occurs, purchasers of Notes in the secondary market will pay a price that reflects such accrued interest upon purchase of the Notes. However, if a payment of interest on any Interest Payment Date is cancelled (in whole or in part) as described herein and thus is not due and payable, purchasers of such Notes will not be entitled to that interest payment (or, if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, but not all, of such interest payment, the portion of such interest payment not paid) on the relevant Interest Payment Date.
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the principal amount o f the Notes will be Written Down
The Notes are being issued for capital adequacy regulatory purposes with the intention and purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being satisfied, which are reflected in the Conditions of the Notes. One of these relates to the ability of the Notes and the proceeds of their issue to be available to absorb any losses of any of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group.
Accordingly, if at any time the CET1 Ratio (calculated and determined as provided in the Conditions) of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group falls below 5.125 per cent. (a "Trigger Event"), the Issuer shall immediately notify the Norwegian FSA and, without delay and by no later than one month (or such other period as the Norwegian FSA may then require) from the occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event, shall:
(a) cancel all interest accrued to (but excluding) the Write Down Date (whether or not such interest has become due for payment and including any interest scheduled for payment on the Write Down Date); and
(b) (without the need for the consent of the Holders) reduce the then Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note by the relevant Write Down Amount (such reduction, a "Write Down" and "Written Down" being construed accordingly).
The relevant Write Down Amount of each Note will be the lower of (i) and (ii) below:
(i) the amount per Note which is determined by the Bank to be necessary (in conjunction with (a) the concurrent Write Down of the other Notes and (b) the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity of, or other loss absorption measures taken in respect of, any other Loss Absorbing Instruments and, if applicable, any concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down, in whole or in part, of the Capital Contribution Securities) to restore each of the Bank's, the Bank Group's and/or the DNB Group's (as applicable) CET1 Ratio to at least 5.125 per cent. (and so that the lowest of such CET1 Ratios is equal to (or as near as is practicable equal to but not less than) 5.125 per cent.); and
(ii) the amount necessary to reduce the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note to one cent (or, if the Notes are in definitive form, one cent per Calculation Amount).
Write Down of the Notes will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by the Norwegian FSA, pro rata with (a) the concurrent Write Down of the other Notes and (b) the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write down or conversion into equity, as the case may be, of any Loss Absorbing Instruments (based on the prevailing principal amount of the relevant Loss Absorbing Instrument), provided, however, that:
(1) with respect to each Loss Absorbing Instrument (if any), such pro rata write down or conversion shall only be taken into account to the extent required to restore the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) to the lower of (i) such Loss Absorbing Instrument's trigger level and (ii) 5.125 per cent. (being the level at which a Trigger Event occurs in respect of the Notes); and
(2) if for any reason the Bank is unable to effect the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion of any given Loss Absorbing Instruments within the period required by the Norwegian FSA,
31

the Notes will be Written Down notwithstanding that the relevant Loss Absorbing Instruments are not also written down or converted (and, in such circumstances, the Write Down Amount may be higher than would otherwise have been the case).
For the avoidance of doubt, any Loss Absorbing Instruments with a trigger level expressed by reference to a relevant CET1 Ratio falling below a level which is equal to or higher than 5.125 per cent. may be expected to share losses pro rata with the Notes until the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) have been restored to 5.125 per cent. If, at the relevant time, there are outstanding any Loss Absorbing Instruments with a trigger level expressed by reference to a relevant CET1 Ratio falling below a level which is lower than 5.125 per cent., such Loss Absorbing Instruments may be expected, under their terms, to share losses pro rata with the Notes only if any relevant CET1 Ratio(s) fall below such lower threshold, and only to the extent necessary to restore the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) to such lower threshold.
The Write Down of the Notes will affect the claims of the Holders in various respects. Firstly, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, the claims of the Holders will be in respect of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes at the time of the winding-up of the Issuer, and not for the Original Principal Amount. Similarly, upon a redemption of the Notes by the Issuer following the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event, the redemption amount of each Note will be its Outstanding Principal Amount (together with accrued and unpaid interest) and not its Original Principal Amount. The Issuer is not permitted to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 9.2, until any principal amount by which the Notes have been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7 have first been reinstated in full pursuant to Condition 8; however, that restriction does not apply to a redemption following the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event. Investors should note that the restriction under Condition 9.2 applies only to the extent that the Notes have been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7 and does not apply to any part of the principal amount of the Notes which has been written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act - see "The Notes may also be written down under the Norwegian Financial Enterprises Act" below.
Secondly, interest will accrue only on the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes from time to time, and accordingly for so long as the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is less than their Original Principal Amount, the maximum amount of interest which may be paid by the Issuer (subject always to applicable payment restrictions and interest cancellation as provided above) on any Interest Payment Date shall be less than if no Write Down had occurred.
In addition, as the occurrence of a Trigger Event is linked to the CET1 Ratios of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group, any reduction in any such CET1 Ratio may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes, and such adverse effect may be particularly significant if there is any indication or expectation that any such CET1 Ratio is or may be trending towards 5.125 per cent.
A Write Down may occur on any one or more occasions, and the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes may be reduced in part or in whole (save that no Note shall be Written Down below one cent (or, if the Notes are in definitive form, one cent per Calculation Amount)). Holders will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment as a result of any Write Down of the Notes. Accordingly, if a Trigger Event occurs, Holders could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the Notes if the Issuer subsequently redeems the Notes or a windingup of the Issuer occurs.
The occurrence of a Trigger Event is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, which may be outside the control of the Issuer. The determination by the Bank, the Parent or the Norwegian FSA, as applicable, that a Trigger Event has occurred shall be based on information (whether or not published) available to management of the Bank or the Parent, as applicable, including information internally reported within the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group and/or shared with the Norwegian FSA (as applicable) pursuant to procedures for ensuring effective on-going monitoring of the capital ratios of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group. Accordingly, whether or not any such CET1 Ratio is trending towards 5.125 per cent. may not be easily visible to Holders or other prospective investors. Accordingly, investors may be unable to accurately predict if and when a Trigger Event may occur. See "The circumstances surrounding or triggering a Write Down are unpredictable, and there are a number offactors, any o f which may be outside the Issuer's control, that could affect the CET1 Ratio o f the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group" below.
32

The Issuer and the DNB Group intend to publish information regarding the regulatory capital ratios of the Issuer, the Bank Group and the DNB Group as part of their financial statements each quarter. However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer and the DNB Group will publicly report such information at such intervals or at any other time.
Whilst the Conditions provide for Discretionary Reinstatement of the principal amount of the Notes in certain circumstances, any such Discretionary Reinstatement will be in the sole and full discretion of the Issuer, there is no provision for the automatic Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes in any circumstances and any Discretionary Reinstatement will be subject to certain restrictions. Discretionary Reinstatement may only occur if each of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group generates a net profit in any given financial year, and only a specified percentage of the lowest of any such profits will be available for the Issuer to apply (in its sole discretion) to a Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes. See Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes) for further details on the calculation of such amount. Further, a Discretionary Reinstatement will not be effected in circumstances where it would cause a Trigger Event, or would result in any Maximum Distributable Amount then applicable to the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group to be exceeded. Even if, following a Trigger Event, the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group each record net profits, there can be no assurance that any Discretionary Reinstatement of any part of the principal amount of the Notes will be effected.
In addition to Write Down of the Notes in accordance with the Conditions, the principal amount of the Notes may be written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act - see "The Notes may also be written under the Norwegian Financial Enterprises Act" below.
The circumstances surrounding or triggering a Write Down are unpredictable, and there are a number of factors, any of which may be outside the Issuer's control, that could affect the CET1 Ratio o f the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group
The occurrence of a Trigger Event is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, which may be outside the control of the Issuer. The CET1 Ratio of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group can be expected to fluctuate on an on-going basis and could be affected by one or more factors, including, among other things, changes in the mix of the business of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group, major events affecting their respective earnings, distributions payments, regulatory changes (including changes to definitions and calculations of the CET1 Ratio and its components, including Common Equity Tier 1 and Risk Weighted Assets) and their ability to manage Risk Weighted Assets.
In making strategic decisions, including in respect of capital management, the Bank is required to have regard to the interests of all stakeholders in the Bank as a whole and not to prioritise the particular interests of any group of stakeholders (such as investors in the Notes or other capital providers). Holders will not have any claim against the Bank or any other member of the Bank Group or DNB Group in relation to strategic decisions that affect the business and operations of the Bank, the Bank Group or DNB Group, including if such decisions result in a deterioration in their capital position and an increased risk of the occurrence of a Trigger Event.
Further, the calculation of the CET1 Ratio of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group may also be affected by changes in applicable accounting rules, or by changes to regulatory adjustments which modify the regulatory capital impact of accounting rules, whether or not the fundamental data of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group which feeds into such accounting or regulatory framework changes.
It will be difficult to predict when, if at all, a Trigger Event may occur. Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Notes is not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour of other types of securities without this feature. Any indication that a Trigger Event may occur can be expected to have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.
The Maximum Distributable Amount, Trigger Event and Discretionary Reinstatement are linked to the CET1 Ratio and Net Profits, respectively, o f the DNB Group (as well as those o f the Bank and the Bank Group) and accordingly will be affected by the performance o f the DNB Group's non-banking businesses as well as the performance of the Bank Group
33

In addition to the activities of the Bank Group, the DNB Group also offers a range of other financial services including asset management activities organised under DNB Asset Management Holding AS, life insurance and pension saving products offered by DNB Livsforsikring AS, and non-life insurance products provided by DNB Skadesforsikring AS. Please see "Description o f the Issuer and the DNB Group - DNB Group - Legal structure" below for further details. As a result, the financial performance of the DNB Group and, therefore, the potential for payment restrictions on the Notes, the occurrence of a Trigger Event and/or Discretionary Reinstatement, will all be affected by or subject to a range of factors affecting those non-banking businesses.
In particular, the calculation of the DNB Group's common equity tier 1 ratio, which is directly linked to a Trigger Event under the Notes and relevant to whether or not the DNB Group is meeting its combined buffer requirement, may be affected by the performance of the insurance business. The investments in the insurance businesses in accordance with the current Norwegian regulation are reflected in the capital adequacy of the DNB Group by way of a deduction and risk weighting approach similar to article 48 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR"). Investments in insurance subsidiaries are risk weighted at 250 per cent. within a limit of 10 per cent of the DNB Group's CET1 capital and will be deducted from the CET1 capital for the part of the investment superseding this limit. Negative performance and increased capital needs in the insurance business will have a negative impact on the DNB Group's common equity tier 1 ratio. Norwegian authorities have implemented key elements of the transitional rules applicable to Solvency II. Among other measures, there is an option for companies to apply for a 16 year transition period before the full effect of Solvency II has to be recognised. DNB Livsforsikring AS has been granted permission to take advantage of this transition period.
According to IFRS, the DNB Group shall assess at the end of each reporting period whether its recognised insurance liabilities are adequate, using current estimates of future cash flows under its insurance contracts. If that assessment shows that the carrying amount of its insurance liabilities is inadequate in the light of future cash flows, the entire deficiency shall be recognised in profit or loss. Hence, the DNB Group's common equity tier 1 capital will be reduced accordingly, which will adversely affect the DNB Group's common equity tier 1 ratio.
The DNB Group also comprises DNB Asset Management and the performance of this business will also be recognised in the DNB Group's financial position. Hence, a negative performance in the Asset Management business will negatively impact the financial performance and the CET1 Ratio of the DNB Group.
The Notes may become subject to provisions implementing BRRD requiring liabilities to be written down or converted to equity
If the BRRD is implemented in Norway, the Notes may become subject to the application of the general bail-in tool and the non-viability loss absorption tool, as set out under "The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatory framework is undergoing major changes - Bank winding up and crisis management" above. Norway is not currently bound by the BRRD, and no draft regulations have been suggested in Norway at present. However, it should be noted that the BRRD is deemed to be EEA relevant and, according to the EEA Agreement, Norway is obliged to implement it once implemented into the EEA Agreement.
Under the BRRD, the general bail-in tool and the non-viability loss absorption tool would give resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which would include claims in respect of the Notes if BRRD were to be implemented in Norway, of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, which would again include the Notes, to equity, with such equity also being subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool or non-viability loss absorption tool. As a result, holders of the Notes may become subject to write down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool or non viability loss absorption tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the bail-in power or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. See "The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatory framework is undergoing major changes - Bank winding up and crisis management"" above.
34

The Notes may also be written down under the Norwegian Financial Enterprises Act
Under Chapter 21 sub-chapter I of the Financial Enterprises Act, if the Issuer's most recent audited accounts reveal that its net assets are equal to or less than 25 per cent of its share capital1, the Norwegian authorities can if the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer fails to pass a resolution within a deadline set by the Norwegian FSA: first, cancel share capital to compensate for the shortfall and secondly, if any remaining shortfall exceeds a substantial part (as determined by the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer or by the relevant Norwegian authorities) of the Issuer's subordinated loan capital, cancel, in whole or in part, such subordinated loan capital (which would include principal in respect of the Notes).
Any instruments written down and/or cancelled pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act will not be reinstated in whole or in part at any time. Accordingly, if the principal amount of the Notes were to be written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act, then there will be no Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes under the Conditions in respect of that part of the principal which has been so written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act.
The write down of the Notes under the Financial Enterprises Act will affect the claims of the Holders in various respects. Firstly, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, the claims of the Holders will be in respect of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes at the time of the winding-up of the Issuer, and not for the Original Principal Amount. Similarly, upon any redemption of the Notes by the Issuer, whether at its option pursuant to Condition 9.2 or following the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event, the redemption amount of each Note will be its Outstanding Principal Amount (together with accrued and unpaid interest) and not its Original Principal Amount. Whilst the Issuer is not entitled to exercise its optional redemption right pursuant to Condition 9.2 until any principal amount by which the Notes have been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7 has first been reinstated in full pursuant to Condition 8, the Issuer is not able to reinstate any principal amount of the Notes which has been written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act and, accordingly, the Issuer would be entitled to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 9.2 (subject to compliance with the conditions to such redemption) notwithstanding that the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is less than their Original Principal Amount by virtue of such write-down under the Financial Enterprises Act.
In addition, interest will accrue only on the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes from time to time, and accordingly for so long as the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is less than their Original Principal Amount, the maximum amount of interest which may be paid by the Issuer (subject always to cancellation as provided in the Conditions) on any Interest Payment Date shall be less than if the Notes had not been written down.
The circumstances in which the Notes may be written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act are not identical to the circumstances in which a Write Down will occur following a Trigger Event. In the absence of extraordinary circumstances, it is expected that a Trigger Event would occur before the circumstances in which the Notes may be written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act, in which case the Notes will be Written Down pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes. However, it is possible that both a Trigger Event and the events enabling a write-down under the Financial Enterprises Act could occur at or around the same time, and in such circumstances the interaction between the Write Down provisions of the Conditions and the write-down of the Notes under the Financial Enterprises Act is not entirely clear. It is however, under such circumstances, likely that the Norwegian FSA may determine that the Notes will be written down under the Financial Enterprises Act. In addition, in such circumstances, if the Norwegian FSA informs the Bank that any Subordinated Loan Capital which are not Loss Absorbing Instruments should nevertheless be treated effectively as if they were Loss Absorbing Instruments for the purposes of determining the amount by which the Notes are required to be Written Down, then such Subordinated Loan Capital shall be so treated for the purposes of calculation of the Write Down Amount.
The Notes do not contain events of default and the enforcement rights available to Holders under the Notes are limited
1Given the Bank's net assets of NOK159.2 billion and share capital of NOK18.3 billion as at 30 June 2016, this would indicatively require a NOK154.6 billion decrease in net assets, resulting in an illustrative negative common equity tier 1 position (common equity tier 1 as at 30 June 2016 was NOK143.0 billion)
35

The terms of the Notes do not provide for any events of default. Holders may not at any time demand repayment or redemption of their Notes, and enforcement rights for any payment are limited to the claim of Holders in a winding-up of the Issuer. In a winding-up of the Issuer, the holder of any Note may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such winding-up together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note (to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding commencement of such winding-up and any other amounts payable on such Note under the Conditions. Under Norwegian law, a Holders' claim will be converted to NOK at the exchange rate prevailing on the date on which the Issuer entered into public administration.
A Holder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.
The Notes are not protected under the Norwegian Banksikringsfond
The Banksikringsfond is the statutory fund of last resort for customers of authorised financial services firms paying compensation to customers if the firm is unable, or likely to be unable, to pay certain claims (including in respect of deposits and insurance policies) made against it (together, "Protected Liabilities").
The Notes are not, however, Protected Liabilities under such scheme and, moreover, are not guaranteed or insured by any government, government agency or compensation scheme of the Kingdom of Norway or any other jurisdiction.
There is no scheduled redemption datefor the Notes and Holders have no right to require redemption
The Notes have no fixed maturity. The Issuer has no obligation at any time to redeem the Notes, and the Holders have no rights to require redemption or purchase of the Notes by the Bank at any time.
Provided that any amount of principal Written Down pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) has first been reinstated pursuant to Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes), the Issuer may redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) in its sole discretion, subject to the approval of the Norwegian FSA and to compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations, on the First Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their Redemption Amount. Investors should note that the foregoing proviso applies only to the extent that the Notes have been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7 and does not apply to any part of the principal amount of the Notes which has been written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act - see "The Notes may also be written down under the Norwegian Financial Enterprises Act" above.
Further, following the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event, the Issuer may redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) in its sole discretion, subject to the approval of the Norwegian FSA and to compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations, at any time at their Redemption Amount.
At any time when the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer or the market anticipates that the redemption right will become available, the market price of the Notes is unlikely to substantially exceed the price at which the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes. If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which latter case Holders may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in Notes with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
It is not possible to predict whether the events referred to above will occur and lead to circumstances in which the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will satisfy the conditions, or elect, to redeem the Notes. The Issuer may be more likely to exercise its option to redeem the Notes at a time when its funding costs would be lower than the prevailing interest rate payable in respect of the Notes. If the Notes are so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Holders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide as favourable a rate of return as their investment in the Notes.
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes
36

The Bank's obligation under Condition 11 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal. As such, the Bank would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Notes, Holders may receive less than the full amount of principal due under the Notes upon redemption, and the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected.
Substitution and variation
If at any time a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, the Bank may, instead of giving notice to redeem the Notes as aforesaid, but solely to the extent permitted at such time by Applicable Banking Regulations and subject to the approval of the Norwegian FSA, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of the Notes, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes provided that they remain or become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes.
Whilst Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes must have terms which (as reasonably determined by the Bank) are not materially less favourable to the Holders than the Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of the substitute or varied Notes will be as favourable to all Holders in all circumstances.
The Notes are novel and complex financial instruments that involve a high degree o f risk and may not be a suitable investmentfor all investors
The Notes are novel and complex financial instruments that involve a high degree of risk. As a result, an investment in the Notes will involve certain increased risks. Each potential investor of the Notes must determine the suitability (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Prospectus;
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including where such potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, and the possibility that substantially the entire principal amount of the Notes could be lost in the event of a Write Down or other write down of the Notes;
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes (including, in particular, calculation of the CET1 Ratio of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group, as well as under what circumstances the Trigger Event will occur and the circumstances in which interest payments must be cancelled); and
(v) be able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Sophisticated investors generally do not purchase complex financial instruments that bear a high degree of risk as stand-alone investments. They purchase such financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless they have the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the likelihood of cancellation of interest and/or Write Down and the value of the Notes, and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. Prior to making an investment decision, potential investors should consider carefully, in light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, all the information contained in this Prospectus.
37

The Notes are held by or on behalf o f Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; investors will have to rely on the clearing system proceduresfor transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer
The Notes will, upon issue, be deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg). Except in the circumstances described in the Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive individual note certificates ("Note Certificates"). Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Notes represented by the Global Certificate. While the Notes are in global form, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
While the Notes are in global form, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common depositary. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in respect of, beneficial interests in such Notes represented by the Global Certificate.
Investors who hold less than the U.S.$200,000 may be unable to sell their Notes and may be adversely affected if Note Certificates are subsequently required to be issued
The Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum denomination of U.S.$200,000 plus integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof. It is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of U.S.$200,000 that are not integral multiples of such minimum specified denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the U.S.$200,000 in its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of U.S.$200,000 such that its holding amounts to U.S.$200,000. Further, a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than U.S.$200,000 in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time will not be entitled to receive a Note Certificate in respect of such holding (should Note Certificates be printed) and would need to purchase additional Notes such that it holds at least a principal amount of U.S.$200,000 in order to receive its Note Certificate representing those Notes.
If such Note Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that Note Certificates which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of U.S.$200,000 may be illiquid and difficult to trade.
Meetings o f Holders and modification
The Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider matters affecting their interests generally, or otherwise to pass resolutions in writing or through an electronic consents process. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written resolution or submit electronic consents, including Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
In addition, the Fiscal Agent and the Bank may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to:
(i) any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned in Condition 16.1) to the Notes and/or the Conditions which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; or
(ii) subject to Condition 9.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), any modification to the Notes and/or the Conditions which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders.
With respect to (i) above, the inclusion of a term in the Conditions that prohibits or restricts the Issuer's discretion to cancel payments of interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date following the
38

occurrence of a Capital Event will be treated as a modification which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders, provided that the inclusion of such term does not result in the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event.
Change o f law
The Conditions of the Notes will be governed by the laws of England save that the provisions regarding subordination of the Notes, Write Down, Discretionary Reinstatement and any other write-down or conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and regulation applicable to the Bank from time to time will be governed by the laws of Norway. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England or Norway or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of the Notes if affected by it.
Legality ofpurchase
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. Prospective investors will be required to give the representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings as set out on page 3 of this Prospectus.
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk:
The secondary market generally
The Notes represent a new instrument for which no secondary trading market currently exists and there can be no assurance that one will develop. If a market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
If a market for the Notes does develop, the trading price of the Notes may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many factors, including those referred to in this risk factor, as well as stock market fluctuations and general economic conditions that may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. Publicly traded Notes from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to the operating performance of the companies that have issued them, and such volatility may be increased in an illiquid market. If any market in the Notes does develop, it may become severely restricted, or may disappear, if the financial condition and/or the CET1 Ratio of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group deteriorates such that there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood of the Issuer being unable or unwilling to pay interest on the Notes in full, or of the Notes being Written Down or otherwise subject to loss absorption or an applicable statutory loss absorption regime. In addition, the market price of the Notes may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond the Issuer's control, including:
· variations in operating results of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group;
· any shortfall in revenue or net profit or any increase in losses from levels expected by market commentators;
· increases in capital expenditure compared with expectations;
· any perception that the Bank's and/or the DNB Group's strategy is or may be less effective than previously assumed or that the Bank and/or the DNB Group is not effectively implementing any significant projects;
· changes in financial estimates by Notes analysts;
39

· changes in market valuations of similar entities;
· announcements by the Bank and/or the DNB Group of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, new initiatives, new services or new service ranges;
· regulatory matters, including changes in regulatory regulations or Norwegian FSA requirements;
· additions or departures of key personnel; and
· future issues or sales of Notes or other securities.
Any or all of these events could result in material fluctuations in the price of Notes which could lead to investors losing some or all of their investment.
The issue price of the Notes might not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market, and there can be no assurance that an investor would be able to sell its Notes at or near the price which it paid for them, or at a price that would provide it with a yield comparable to more conventional investments that have a developed secondary market.
Moreover, although the Issuer or any member of the DNB Group may (subject to the approval of the Norwegian FSA and compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations) purchase Notes at any time permitted by applicable law and regulation, they have no obligation to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer or any member of the DNB Group could affect the liquidity of the secondary market of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the secondary market.
In addition, prospective investors should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date of this Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market which may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary re-sales even if there is no decline in the performance of the Notes or the financial condition of the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group. The Issuer cannot predict whether these circumstances will change and whether, if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes at that time.
Although application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted or that an active trading market will develop.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in U.S. dollars. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than U.S. dollars. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of U.S. dollars or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency or U.S. dollars may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to U.S. dollars would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor's Currency.
The value o f the Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates
Investment in the Notes, which bear a fixed rate o f interest (which will be reset on each Reset Date), involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the relevant rate paid on the Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Notes.
40

In addition, a Holder of the Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained S&P has assigned a credit rating of "BBB" to the Notes. In addition, S&P, Moody's and DBRS have assigned credit ratings to the Issuer. The Notes or, as the case may be, the Issuer may also be assigned unsolicited credit ratings by any rating agency. These ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and any rating agency may revise, suspend or withdraw at any time the relevant rating assigned by it if, in the sole judgement of the relevant rating agency, among other things, the credit quality of the Notes or, as the case may be, the Issuer has declined or is in question. In addition, there is no guarantee that any rating of the Notes and/or the Issuer will be maintained by the Issuer following the date of this Prospectus. If any rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer, including any unsolicited credit rating, is assigned at a lower level than expected or subsequently revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse changes of such methodologies may materially and adversely affect the Issuer's operations or financial condition, the Issuer's willingness or ability to leave individual transactions outstanding and adversely affect the Issuer's capital market standing. In particular, there is an on-going debate about rating methodologies for hybrid capital instruments such as the Notes. Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
41

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The parts specified below of the following documents, which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus:

(a) the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2015 (which can be viewed online at https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/no/om-oss/resultater/2015/annual-report-dnb-bank-2015.pdf) and 31 December 2014 (which can be viewed online at https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/no/omoss/resultater/2014/annual-report-dnb-bank-2014.pdf), prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved by the EU, and with the Norwegian Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, respectively, including the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's `Annual Report 2015' and `Annual Report 2014', respectively:

Income statement Balance sheet Statement of changes in equity Cash flow statement Accounting principles Notes to the accounts Auditor's report

2015 page 12 page 13 page 14 page 15 pages 16-25 pages 26-108 page 110

2014 page 14 page 15 page 16 page 17 pages 18-26 pages 27-109 page 111

(b) the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of DNB ASA for the financial years ended 31 December 2015 (which can be viewed online at https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/no/om-oss/resultater/2015/annual-report-dnb-group-2015.pdf and 31 December 2014 (which can be viewed online at https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/no/omoss/resultater/2014/annual-report-dnb-group-2014.pdf), prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved bythe EU, and with theNorwegian Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, respectively, including the information set out at the following pages of DNB ASA's `Annual Report 2015' and `Annual Report 2014', respectively:

Income statement and comprehensive income statement Balance sheet Statement of changes in equity Cash flow statement Accounting principles
Notes to the accounts
Auditor's report

_________ 2015_________________2014

pages 144 & 237

pages 110 & 202

pages 145 & 237

pages 111 & 202

pages 146 & 237

pages 112 & 202

pages 147 & 238

pages 113 & 203

pages 148-160 & pages 114-124 & 203 238

pages 161-236 & 239-241

pages 125-201 & 204-206

page 243

page 208

(c) the unaudited consolidated and non-consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the threemonth and six-month periods ended 30 June 2016 (which can be viewed online at https://www.dnb.no/portal/ront/nedlast/no/om-oss/resultater/201d/2-kvartal/kvartalsrapport-dnb-bank2Q16-en.pdf) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved by the EU, and with the Norwegian Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, respectively, including the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's `Second quarter and first half report 2016 (unaudited)':

42

___________________________________________________________________________ Q2/H1 2016

Income statement and comprehensive income statement

pages 8 & 10

Balance sheet

pages 9 & 11

Statement of changes in equity

page 12

Cash flow statement

pages 13-14

Notes to the accounts

pages 16-37

(d) the unaudited consolidated and non-consolidated interim financial statements of DNB ASA for the threemonth and six-month periods ended 30 June 2016 (which can be viewed online at https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/no/om-oss/resultater/2016/2-kvartal/dnb-group-2Q16.pdf) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved by the EU, and with the Norwegian Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, respectively, including the information set out at the following pages of DNB ASA's `Second quarter and first half report 2016 (unaudited)':

Income statement and comprehensive income statement Balance sheet Statement of changes in equity Cash flow statement Notes to the accounts

Q2/H1 2016 10 & 31 11 & 31 12 & 31 13 14-30

Any other information not listed above but contained in the specified parts of the documents listed at paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above is incorporated by reference for information purposes only. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus.
The information specified above appearing in such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus.
Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement to this Prospectus may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 16 of the Prospectus Directive. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus.
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus can be obtained, upon request, free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying and Transfer Agents.

43

OVERVIEW OF THE NOTES
This Overview o f the Notes contains a brief description o f certainfeatures o f the Notes, and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by the information contained in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes"and in the FiscalAgency Agreement. Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this Overview o f the Notes shall have the meanings given to them under "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes".

The Issuer: The DNB Group: Joint Lead Managers:
Fiscal Agent: Principal Paying and Transfer Agent: Registrar: The Notes: Issue Price: Issue Date: Status and Subordination:
Principal Loss Absorption:

DNB Bank ASA (the "Bank" and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Bank Group").
References herein to the "Parent" are to DNB ASA and references to the "DNB Group" are to the Parent together with its consolidated subsidiaries
DNB Bank ASA Goldman Sachs International Merrill Lynch International Nomura International plc UBS Limited
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG
U.S.$750,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes. The Notes constitute Fondsobligasjoner.
100.00 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes.
18 October 2016.
Status The Notes will constitute undated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (Fondsobligasjoner) of the Bank, will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and will be subordinated on a winding-up as provided below.
Subordination If at any time the Bank is liquidated, dissolved or otherwise wound up (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Bank) by way of public administration, claims in respect of the Notes (including claims for damages in respect of any breach of the Bank's obligations thereunder) shall rank (a) pari passu without any preference among themselves and with claims in respect of Parity Securities; (b) in priority to claims in respect of Junior Securities; and (c) junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors.
Trigger Event and Write-Down If at any time the CET1 Ratio of any of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group has fallen below 5.125 per cent. (calculated and determined as provided in the Conditions) (a "Trigger Event"), then the Bank shall immediately notify the Norwegian FSA and, without delay and by no later

44

than one month (or such other period as the Norwegian FSA may then require) from the occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event, shall:
(i) cancel all interest accrued to (but excluding) the Write Down Date (whether or not such interest has become due for payment and including any interest scheduled for payment on the Write Down Date); and
(ii) (without the need for the consent of the holders) reduce the then Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note by the relevant Write Down Amount (such reduction, a "Write Down" and "Written Down" being construed accordingly).
Loss Absorbing Instruments
Write Down of the Notes will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by the Norwegian FSA, pro rata with (a) the concurrent Write Down of the other Notes and (b) the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity, as the case may be, of any Loss Absorbing Instruments (based on the prevailing principal amount of the relevant Loss Absorbing Instrument), provided, however, that:
(1) with respect to each Loss Absorbing Instrument (if any), such pro rata write down or conversion shall only be taken into account to the extent required to restore the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) to the lower of (i) such Loss Absorbing Instrument's trigger level and (ii) 5.125 per cent. (being the level at which a Trigger Event occurs in respect of the Notes); and
(2) if for any reason the Bank is unable to effect the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion of any given Loss Absorbing Instruments within the period required by the Norwegian FSA, the Notes will be Written Down notwithstanding that the relevant Loss Absorbing Instruments are not also written down or converted.
For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the Bank is unable to write down or convert any Loss Absorbing Instruments as aforesaid, the Write Down Amount determined in accordance with part (i) of the definition of "Write Down Amount" will be calculated on the basis that such Loss Absorbing Instruments are not available to be written down or converted, and accordingly the Write Down Amount determined in accordance with that part (i) will be higher than it would otherwise have been if such Loss Absorbing Instruments had been available to be written down or converted.
Write Down Amount
"Write Down Amount" means, with respect to each Note (calculated per Calculation Amount if the Notes are in definitive form), save as may otherwise be required by Applicable Banking Regulations, the lower of (i) and (ii) below:
(i) the amount per Note which is determined by the Bank to be necessary (in conjunction with (a) the concurrent Write Down of the other Notes and (b) the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity of, or other loss absorption measures taken in respect of, any other Loss Absorbing Instruments, in each case in the manner and to the extent provided above under "Loss Absorbing Instruments" and, if applicable, any concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down, in whole or in part, of the Capital Contribution
45

Securities) to restore each of the Bank's, the Bank Group's and/or the DNB Group's (as applicable) CET1 Ratio to at least 5.125 per cent. (and so that the lowest of such CET1 Ratios is equal to (or as near as is practicable equal to but not less than) 5.125 per cent.); and

(ii) the amount necessary to reduce the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note to one cent (or, if the Notes are in definitive form, one cent per Calculation Amount) (and all references to the one cent floor in respect of the Notes shall be construed accordingly).

"Calculation Amount" means U.S.$1,000 in principal amount of each Note.

The principal amount of a Note shall not at any time be reduced to below one cent (or, if the Notes are in definitive form, one cent per Calculation Amount) as a result of a Write Down.

Cancellation not automatic
If the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is Written Down to one cent (or, if the Notes are in definitive form, one cent per Calculation Amount), the Notes will not be automatically cancelled.

Write Down may occur on more than one occasion; No default A Trigger Event may occur on more than one occasion and each Note may be Written Down on more than one occasion. Any such Write Down shall not constitute a default under the terms of the Notes for any purpose.

Discretionary Reinstatement:

Discretionary Reinstatement
If, at any time following a Write Down, each Relevant Entity records a positive Net Profit, the Bank may, in its sole and absolute discretion, increase the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes (a "Discretionary Reinstatement") by such amount (calculated per Calculation Amount if the Notes are in definitive form) as the Bank may elect, provided that such Discretionary Reinstatement shall not:

(i) result in the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes being greater than their Original Principal Amount;

(ii) result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event; or

(iii) result in the Maximum Write-up Amount to be exceeded when taken together with the aggregate of:

(a) any previous Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes out of the same Relevant Profits since the Reference Date (if any);

(b) the aggregate amount of any interest on the Notes that has been paid or calculated (but disregarding any such calculated interest which has been cancelled) since the Reference Date on the basis of an Outstanding Principal Amount that is lower than the Original Principal Amount;

(c) the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of the Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments to be written-up out of the same Relevant Profits concurrently (or substantially concurrently) with the Discretionary Reinstatement and (if applicable) any previous increase in principal amount out of the same Relevant Profits of such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments since the Reference Date; and

46

Loss Absorption under the Norwegian Financial Enterprises Act

(d) the aggregate amount of any interest on such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that have been paid or calculated (but disregarding any such calculated interest which has been cancelled) since the Reference Date on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is lower than the original principal amount at which such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments were issued.
A Discretionary Reinstatement will also not be effected in circumstances in which it would cause any Maximum Distributable Amount then applicable to any o f the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group (asfurther described below) to be exceeded.
The "Maximum Write-up Amount" means:
(A) (i) the Relevant Profits, multiplied by (ii) the sum of the aggregate Original Principal Amount of the Notes and the aggregate original principal amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments issued directly or indirectly by the Relevant Entity whose Net Profits are the Relevant Profits referred to in (A)(i), divided by (iii) the total Tier 1 Capital of such Relevant Entity as at the date of the relevant Discretionary Reinstatement; or
(B) such higher amount as may be permissible pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations then in force.
Write-up o f Written-Down Additional Tier 1Instruments
Any Discretionary Reinstatement shall be applied concurrently (or substantially concurrently) and pro rata with other write-ups to be effected out of the Relevant Profits in respect of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments.
The Bank will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument that have terms permitting a write-up of such principal amount to occur out of the Relevant Profits on a similar basis to that set out in respect of the Notes unless it does do on a pro rata basis with a Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes.
Discretionary Reinstatement may occur on more than one occasion
A Discretionary Reinstatement may occur on one or more occasions until the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes has been reinstated to the Original Principal Amount.
For the avoidance of doubt, Discretionary Reinstatement shall apply to the Notes only if, and to the extent that, the Notes have been Written Down following the occurrence of a Trigger Event in accordance with the provisions of "Principal Loss Absorption" above. If at any time the Notes are written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act (as further described below), the principal amount by which the Notes are written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act shall not be reinstated (whether by way of Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise) in any circumstances.
In addition to the provisions of Principal Loss Absorption above, the Notes may be written down by the shareholders of the Bank or by the Norwegian authorities pursuant to powers granted to them under Chapter 21 sub-chapter I of the Norwegian Act on Financial Enterprises and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015
47

Maximum Distributable Amount:
Interest:
Cancellation of Interest Payments:

No. 17) (the "Financial Enterprises Act"), as further described in "Risk Factors - The Notes may also be written down under the Norwegian Financial Enterprises Act".
In circumstances where section 6 of the CRR/CRD IV regulations of 22 August 2014 No 1097 forskrift om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV) (the "August 2014 Regulations") applies, no payments (or deemed payments) will be made on the Notes (whether by way of principal, interest, Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise) if and to the extent that such payment would, when aggregated together with other distributions of the kind referred to in section 6(2) of the August 2014 Regulations, cause the maximum distributable amount (if any), determined in accordance with section 6(3) of the August 2014 Regulations then applicable to any of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group to be exceeded. See "Risk Factors Payments on the Notes will be subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount introduced under the CRR/CRD IV regulations o f22 August 2014".
Subject as described below under "Cancellation o f Interest Payments", the Notes will bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from time to time at the relevant rate of interest, payable annually in arrear on 26 March in each year from (and including) 26 March 2017 (each such date for the payment of interest being an "Interest Payment Date"), save that the interest payable (subject to cancellation as aforesaid) on 26 March 2017 shall be in respect of the shorter period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 26 March 2017.
The initial rate of interest shall be 6.50 per cent. per annum, which shall apply from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the First Call Date.
Such rate will be reset on the First Call Date and on each fifth anniversary of the First Call Date (together with the First Call Date, each a "Reset Date") as the sum of the applicable 5 Year Mid-Swap Rate (calculated as set out in the Conditions) plus the initial credit spread of 5.08 per cent, converted from a semi-annual to an annual basis in a commercially reasonable manner.
Optional cancellation o f interest
The Bank may elect at any time, in its sole and full discretion, to cancel (in whole or in part) any payment of interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date.
Non-payment of any amount of interest scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date will constitute evidence of cancellation of the relevant payment, whether or not notice of cancellation has been given by the Bank.
The Norwegian FSA may also direct the Bank to exercise its discretion to cancel interest (in whole or in part) scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date.
Insufficient Distributable Items
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes in any financial year (and, if applicable, any additional amounts payable in respect thereof pursuant to Condition 11) shall only be made out of Distributable Items of the Bank. The Bank will cancel any interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date if and to the extent that the amount of such interest (together with any additional amounts payable in respect thereof pursuant to Condition 11), when aggregated together with any interest payments or distributions which have been made or which are required to be paid or made during the then current financial year on all other own funds items of the Bank
48

Interest non-cumulative; no default Redemption:
Purchase:

(excluding any such interest payments or distributions which (i) are not required to be made out of Distributable Items or (ii) have already been provided for, by way of deduction, in the calculation of Distributable Items), exceeds the amount of Distributable Items of the Bank as at such Interest Payment Date.

Maximum Distributable Amount
In addition, the Bank will also cancel any interest to the extent required as provided above under "Maximum Distributable Amount".

If the payment of interest scheduled on an Interest Payment Date is cancelled, in whole or in part, in accordance with the provisions of "Cancellation o f Interest Payments'", the Bank shall not have any obligation to make such interest payment (or the cancelled part thereof) on such Interest Payment Date or any time thereafter and the failure to pay such interest (or the cancelled part thereof) shall not constitute a default of the Bank for any purpose.

Any such interest will not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter, the Bank will not be obliged to (and will not) make any other payment or settlement in any form in lieu thereof, and holders of the Notes shall have no right thereto whether in a winding-up of the Bank or otherwise.

No such cancellation o f interest shall prevent the Bank from making payments o f interest, dividends or other distributions on, or from redeeming or purchasing, any obligations, including any Junior Securities or Parity Securities.

The Notes have no fixed maturity date.

The Bank may, upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to holders, in its sole discretion (and without the requirement for the consent or approval of the holders) elect to redeem the Notes in whole (but not in part):

(i)

on 26 March 2022 (the "First Call Date") or any Interest Payment

Date thereafter, subject to the proviso below; or

(ii) at any time upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Capital Event,

in each case at their Redemption Amount; provided, however, that if at any time the Notes have been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), the Bank shall not be entitled to exercise its option under (i) above until the principal amount of the Notes so Written Down has been fully reinstated pursuant to Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes).

For the avoidance of doubt, the proviso above requires the principal amount of the Notes to be reinstated if and to the extent that such principal has been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7. If, at any time, the Notes are written down by the shareholders of the Bank or by the Norwegian authorities pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act, such principal amount is not capable of being reinstated under Condition 8, and the Bank shall be entitled to exercise its option under (i) above (subject to certain conditions) notwithstanding that the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is less than their Original Principal Amount by virtue of such write-down under the Financial Enterprises Act.

The Bank or any member of the DNB Group may at any time permitted by

49

applicable law and regulation (and subject to applicable law and regulation) purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, provided that no such purchase will be effected unless the prior approval of the Norwegian FSA is obtained.

Conditions to redemption and purchase:

Any redemption of the Notes by the Bank, and any purchase of the Notes by the Bank or any member of the DNB Group, will be subject to the prior approval of the Norwegian FSA and to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including the Applicable Banking Regulations.

In the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event, the tax consequences of such event must also be material and the relevant tax law change must not have been reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. In the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Capital Event, the change in regulatory classification must not have been reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date.

Substitution and variation

If at any time a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, the Bank may, instead of giving notice to redeem the Notes as aforesaid, but solely to the extent permitted at such time by Applicable Banking Regulations and subject to the approval of the Norwegian FSA, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of the Notes, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes provided that they remain or become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes (having terms not materially less favourable to a holder than the terms of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Bank).

Enforcement on a winding up: There are no events of default under the terms of the Notes.

If the Bank is liquidated, dissolved or otherwise wound-up by way of public administration, in each case by a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Norway having jurisdiction in respect of the same, the holder of any Note may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such winding-up together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note (to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding commencement of such winding-up and any other amounts payable on such Note under the Conditions (including any damages payable in respect thereof).

A Holder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Bank.

For the avoidance o f doubt, in a winding-up o f the Bank the holders will have a claim for the Outstanding Principal Amount and not for the Original Principal Amount.

Form and Denomination:

The Notes will be issued in registered form in the denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will initially be represented by a global Note certificate (the "Global Certificate") which will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with a common depositary and registered in the name of a nominee for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg").

Clearing:

The Notes will be cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

Taxation:

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future

50

Governing Law:
Listing and trading: Selling Restrictions:
Ratings: ISIN: Common Code:

taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event of any such withholding or deduction in respect of payments of interest (but not principal), save as set out in the Conditions, the Bank will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts of interest received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction.
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law except that (i) the provisions relating to subordination, Write Down and Discretionary Reinstatement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such provisions and (ii) any other write-down or conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and regulation applicable to the Bank from time to time, will in each case be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange to trading on the Main Securities Market.
United States (Regulation S), the United Kingdom and Japan.
The Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to retail clients in the EEA, as defined in the rules set out in the PI Rules other than in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of those rules by any person. The PI Rules must be complied with when selling the Notes to Norwegian investors in Norway and, as an additional and separate requirement, the Notes may not be sold to Norwegian non-professional investors (as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Securities Trading Regulation) unless the relevant investor previously has invested at least NOK 5 million in bonds and has obtained sufficient knowledge through relevant education or work experience in accordance with MiFID. See the section headed "Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors'" on page 3 of this Prospectus for further information.
The Notes have been rated "BBB" by S&P. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice.
XS1506066676
150606667

51

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES

The following (except for paragraphs in italics, which are included by way o f disclosure only) is the text o f the Terms and Conditions o f the Notes which (subject to modification) will be endorsed on the Note Certificates issued in respect o f the Notes (ifissued).

1.

Introduction

1.1 Notes: The U.S.$750,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes (the "Notes") are issued by DNB Bank ASA (the "Bank"). The Notes constitute Fondsobligasjoner.

1.2 Fiscal Agency Agreement: The Notes are issued subject to and with the benefit of a Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 18 October 2016 (as supplemented, amended and/or replaced from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between the Bank, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and principal paying and transfer agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent and principal paying and transfer agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG as Registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and as a paying and transfer agent (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying and Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor and additional paying and transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).

1.3 Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Holders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of each of the Paying and Transfer Agents and the Registrar.

2.

Definitions and Interpretation

2.1 Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

"Accounting Currency" means NOK or such other primary currency used in the presentation of the Bank's, the Bank Group's and/or the DNB Group's accounts (as the context requires) from time to time;

"Additional Tier 1 Capital" means the Additional Tier 1 capital within the meaning of the section 15 of the Calculation Regulations (annen godkjent kjernekapital);

"Agent Bank" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.3 (Reset Interest Rate);

"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy applicable to the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group, as the case may be, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the August 2014 Regulations, the Calculation Regulations, any CRD IV Implementation Measures and any other laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy as then applied and interpreted in Norway by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance and/or Norwegian FSA (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether they are applied generally or specifically to the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group, as applicable);

"August 2014 Regulations" means the CRR/CRD IV regulations of 22 August 2014 No. 1097 (forskrift om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV), as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time;

"Bank Group" means the Bank together with its consolidated subsidiaries;

52

"Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and Oslo;
"Calculation Amount" means U.S.$1,000 in principal amount of each Note;
"Calculation Regulations" means Norwegian Regulation 1990-06-01 No. 435 on the measurement of own funds of financial institutions, clearing houses and investment firms (FOR 1990-06-01 nr 435: Forskrift om beregning av ansvarlig kapital for finansinstitusjoner, oppgjørssentraler og verdipapirforetak), as amended or replaced from time to time;
"Capital Contribution Securities" means the £350,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Non-cumulative Perpetual Step-up Capital Contribution Securities issued by the Bank (XS0285087358);
A "Capital Event" means the determination by the Bank, after consultation with the Norwegian FSA, that as a result in a change (or pending change) in the regulatory classification of the Notes under the Applicable Banking Regulations, the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes or any part thereof is (or would be) excluded from the Tier 1 Capital of any one or more of the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group;
"CET1 Capital" means, at any date, with respect to a Relevant Entity, the sum, expressed in the Accounting Currency, of all amounts that constitute common equity tier 1 capital of such Relevant Entity as at such date, less any deductions from common equity tier 1 capital required to be made as at such date, in each case as calculated by the Bank (in the case of the CET1 Capital of the Bank or the Bank Group) or the Parent (in the case of the CET1 Capital of the DNB Group) or (in the case of the CET1 Capital of the Bank, the Bank Group or the Parent) by the Norwegian FSA (or any agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of making such calculation) in accordance with the Calculation Regulations and on the basis that all measures used in such calculation shall (for so long as the same apply to the Relevant Entity) be calculated applying the transitional provisions set out in the Calculation Regulations;
"CET1 Ratio" means, at any date, with respect to a Relevant Entity, the ratio of CET1 Capital (ren kjernekapitaldekning) of such Relevant Entity as at such date to the Risk Weighted Assets of such Relevant Entity as at such date, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Bank (in the case of the CET1 Ratio of the Bank or the Bank Group) or the Parent (in the case of the CET1 Ratio of the DNB Group) or (in the case of the CET1 Ratio of the Bank, the Bank Group or the Parent) by the Norwegian FSA (or any agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of making such calculation) in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and on the basis that all measures used in such calculation shall (for so long as the same apply to the Relevant Entity) be calculated applying the transitional provisions set out in the Calculation Regulations;
"Change in Law" means (a) any amendment to, clarification of, or change (including any announced prospective change) in the laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) of Norway or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein affecting taxation, (b) any governmental action in Norway or any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the position or interpretation of such laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any official interpretation, decision or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body in Norway or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification or change is made known, which amendment, clarification, change, action, pronouncement or decision is effective or such action, pronouncement or decision is announced on or after the Issue Date;
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986;
53

"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended from time to time;
"CRD IV Implementation Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing (or promulgated in the context of) the CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts or regulations (including technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance and guidelines issued by the Norwegian FSA, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group, as applicable;
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended from time to time;
"Discretionary Reinstatement" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes);
"Distributable Items" means, with respect to any payment of interest on the Notes, those profits and reserves (if any) of the Bank which are available, in accordance with applicable law and regulation for the time being, for the payment of such interest payment and any other payments by the Bank which, under Applicable Banking Regulations, are required to be made only out of such profits and reserves;
"DNB Group" means DNB ASA together with its consolidated subsidiaries;
"First Call Date" means 26 March 2022;
"Full Loss Absorbing Instruments" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.5 (Full Loss Absorbing Instruments);
"Holders" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3.2 (Register);
"Initial Interest Rate" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.1 (Interest Rate);
"Interest Payment Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.2 (Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods);
"Interest Period" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.2 (Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods);
"Issue Date" means 18 October 2016;
"Junior Securities" means all classes of share capital of the Bank and any obligations of the Bank ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes;
"Loss Absorbing Instrument" means, at any time, any instrument (other than the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Bank or any other member of the DNB Group which has terms pursuant to which all or some of its principal amount may be written-down (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or converted into equity (in each case in accordance with its conditions) on the occurrence, or as a result, of a trigger set by reference to the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) falling below a specific threshold (and shall include, for so long as any of the same remain outstanding, the U.S.$750,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes issued by the Bank (ISIN: XS1207306652), the NOK1,400,000,000 Floating Rate Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes issued by the Bank (VPS identification number NO0010767957) and, in the context of a relevant trigger event which occurs in respect of the Bank and/or the Bank Group CET1 Ratio only, the NOK2,150,000,000 Floating Rate Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes issued by the Bank (VPS identification number NO0010730708));
54

"Margin" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.3 (Reset Interest Rate);
"Maximum Write-up Amount" means:
(i) (a) the Relevant Profits, multiplied by (b) the sum of the aggregate Original Principal Amount of the Notes and the aggregate original principal amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments issued directly or indirectly by the Relevant Entity whose Net Profits are the Relevant Profits referred to in (i)(a), divided by (c) the total Tier 1 Capital of such Relevant Entity as at the date of the relevant Discretionary Reinstatement; or
(ii) such higher amount as may be permissible pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations then in force;
"Net Profit" means, at any time: (i) with respect to the Bank, the non-consolidated net profit (excluding minority interests) of the Bank; and (ii) with respect to the Bank Group or the DNB Group, the consolidated net profit (excluding minority interests) of the Bank Group or the DNB Group, respectively, in each case determined on the basis of the audited annual accounts for the then most recent financial year of the Relevant Entity;
"NOK" means Norwegian Kroner, being the currency o f Norway;
"Norwegian FSA" means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) or such other agency of the Kingdom o f Norway which assumes or performs the functions, as at the Issue Date, performed by such authority or such other or successor authority exercising primary supervisory authority with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group;
"Original Principal Amount" means, in respect of a Note, its principal amount on the Issue Date not taking into account any Write Down or any other write-down or cancellation or any subsequent Discretionary Reinstatement;
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in relation to each Note, the Original Principal Amount of such Note, as reduced from time to time by any Write Downs or any other write-down or cancellation, as the case may be, and, if applicable, as subsequently increased from time to time by any Discretionary Reinstatement in accordance with the terms of the Notes;
"Parent" means DNB ASA;
"Parity Securities" means any present or future instruments issued by the Bank which are eligible to be recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital from time to time by the Norwegian FSA, any guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Bank in respect of securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a subsidiary of the Bank which are eligible to be recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by the Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith (and shall include, for so long as any of the same remain outstanding, the Capital Contribution Securities, the NOK2,150,000,000 Floating Rate Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes issued by the Bank (VPS identification number NO0010730708), the NOK1,400,000,000 Floating Rate Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes issued by the Bank (VPS identification number NO0010767957) and the U.S.$750,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes issued by the Bank (ISIN: XS1207306652)), but excluding Junior Securities;
For the avoidance o f doubt, although the Capital Contribution Securities are Parity Securities for the purposes o f Condition 4 (Status o f the Notes), the Capital Contribution Securities are not Loss Absorbing Instruments for the purposes o f Write Down as described in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), since the write-down trigger in the Capital Contribution Securities is set by reference to total capital and total tier 1 triggers (rather than a CET1 Ratio) and, in the event o f the trigger occurring, the write-down o f the Capital Contribution Securities will not be automatic but rather at the option o f the shareholders o f the Bank or the Norwegian FSA. Under normal circumstances, the Bank
55

expects that the write-down trigger on the Capital Contribution Securities would not occur until after the Notes have been written down. However, if the Capital Contribution Securities trigger were to occur at the same time as a Trigger Event in respect o f the Notes and if, at that time, the Capital Contribution Securities were to be written down following an election by the shareholders or the Norwegian FSA, such write-down may be taken into account in determining the Write Down Amount o f the Notes under Condition 7.4.
"Proceedings" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 20.2 (Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction);
"Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes" means securities (whether debt, equity or otherwise) issued directly by the Bank or issued by another member of the DNB Group and unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Bank where such securities and/or such guarantee, as appropriate:
(i) have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Bank, than the terms of the Notes;
(ii) subject to (i) above, shall (1) rank at least equal to the ranking of the Notes, (2) have the same currency, the same (or higher) interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes, (4) comply with the then current requirements of Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, and (6) are assigned (or maintain) at least the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and
(iii) if the Notes were listed on any market(s) or stock exchange(s) immediately prior to such substitution or variation, are listed on the same market(s) or stock exchange(s) or another regulated market or stock exchange of equivalent standing;
"Rate of Interest" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.3 (Reset Interest Rate);
"Redemption Amount" means, in the case of any redemption of the Notes on any redemption date, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes on such redemption date together with interest accrued (if any) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such redemption date (or, if none, the Issue Date) to (but excluding) such redemption date;
"Reference Date" means the accounting date as at which the applicable Relevant Profits were determined;
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11.2 (Gross up);
"Relevant Entity" means the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group, as the case may be;
"Relevant Profits" means the lowest of the relevant Net Profit of the Bank, the Bank Group and the DNB Group;
"Reset Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.3 (Reset Interest Rate);
"Reset Interest Rate" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.3 (Reset Interest Rate);
"Risk Weighted Assets" means, at any date, with respect to a Relevant Entity, the aggregate amount, expressed in the Accounting Currency, of the risk weighted assets of such Relevant Entity as at such date, as calculated by the Bank (in the case of the Risk Weighted Assets of the Bank or the Bank Group) or the Parent (in the case of the Risk Weighted Assets of the DNB Group) or (in the case of the Risk Weighted Assets of the Bank, the Bank Group or the Parent) by the Norwegian FSA (or any agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of making such calculation), in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. For the purposes of this definition, the term "risk weighted assets" means the risk weighted
56

assets or total risk exposure amount, as calculated by the Bank, the Parent or the Norwegian FSA (or its appointed agent as aforesaid), as applicable, in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations;
"Senior Creditors" means (a) depositors of the Bank, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank and (c) subordinated creditors of the Bank in respect of any present or future obligation (including, without limitation, obligations which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity or other support arrangement entered into by the Bank), whether dated or undated, of the Bank which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event of liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up of the Bank, by way of public administration or otherwise, to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank, excluding Parity Securities and Junior Securities;
"Specified Office" has the meaning given to such term in the Fiscal Agency Agreement;
A "Tax Event" will occur if the Bank has received an opinion of counsel in the Kingdom of Norway (experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of a Change in Law:
(A) the Bank is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Notes; or
(B) the Bank is not, or will not be entitled, to claim a deduction in respect of any payments of interest in respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or such deduction would be materially reduced); or
(C) the treatment of any of the Bank's items of income or expense with respect to the Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Bank will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Bank to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges.
"Tier 1 Capital" means, at any time, with respect to a Relevant Entity, the Tier 1 capital of such Relevant Entity as calculated by the Bank (in the case of the Tier 1 Capital of the Bank and the Bank Group) or the Parent (in the case of the Tier 1 Capital of the DNB Group) or (in the case of the Tier 1 Capital of the Bank, the Bank Group or the Parent) by the Norwegian FSA (or any agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of making such calculation) in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, subject always to applicable transitional and grandfathering arrangements as interpreted by the Norwegian FSA;
"Tier 2 Capital" means the Tier 2 capital of the Bank within the meaning of section 16 of the Calculation Regulations (Tilleggskapital);
"Trigger Event" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.1 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event);
"U.S. dollars" and "U.S.$" mean United States dollars, and "cent" shall be construed accordingly;
A "Withholding Tax Event" will occur if the Bank has received an opinion of counsel in the Kingdom of Norway (experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of a Change in Law, the Bank is or will be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation);
"Write Down" and "Written Down" have the meanings given to such terms in Condition 7.1 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event);
"Write Down Amount" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.4 (Write Down Amount);
"Write Down Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.2 (Write Down Notice);
"Write Down Notice" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.2 (Write Down Notice); and
57

"Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments" means, at any time, any instrument (other than the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Bank or, as applicable, any member of the DNB Group, which is qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Bank, the Bank Group or the DNB Group, as applicable, and which, immediately prior to the relevant Discretionary Reinstatement, has a prevailing principal amount lower than the principal amount that it was originally issued with due to such principal amount having been written down on a temporary basis pursuant to its terms.
2.2 Interpretation: In these Conditions:

(i) any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Outstanding Principal Amount and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

(ii) any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

(iii) references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement; and

(iv) any reference to a numbered "Condition" shall be to the relevant Condition in these Terms and Conditions.

3.

Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer

3.1 Form o f Notes and denomination: The Notes are issued in registered form in the denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof.
The Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes may be adjusted as provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) and Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes) or as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Bank. Any such adjustment to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes will not have any effect on the denomination of the Notes.

3.2 Register: The Registrar will maintain outside the United Kingdom a register (the "Register") in respect of the Notes in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. In these Conditions, the holder of a Note means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Holder" and "holder" shall be construed accordingly. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. The Register will record the Original Principal Amount and the Outstanding Principal Amount from time to time of the Notes held by a Holder, and each Note Certificate will identify the Original Principal Amount of the Notes represented thereby and the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Notes at the time of issue of the Note Certificate (but the Outstanding Principal Amount identified on such Note Certificate shall not be treated as evidencing the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes represented by such Note Certificate at any other time).

3.3 Title: The Holder of a Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of such Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft of such Note Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.

3.4 Transfers: Subject as provided under Conditions 3.7 and 3.8 below, a Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed (including any certificates as to compliance with restrictions on transfer included therein), at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Paying and Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the

58

case may be) such Paying and Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer. Where not all the Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Notes will be issued to the transferor.

3.5 Registration and delivery o f Note Certificates: Within five Business Days of the surrender of a Note Certificate, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver at its Specified Office new Note Certificate(s) of a like principal amount to the Notes transferred to each relevant Holder or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Paying and Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first-class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder.

3.6 No charge: The transfer of any Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Bank, the Registrar or any Paying and Transfer Agent but upon payment by the Holder of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Paying and Transfer Agent may require).

3.7 Closedperiods: Holders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 30 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes.

3.8 Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Notes scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Bank with the prior written approval of the Registrar.

4.

Status of the Notes

4.1 Status: The Notes constitute undated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (Fondsobligasjoner) of the Bank, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 4.2 (Subordination).

4.2 Subordination: In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Bank by way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Bank), claims in respect of the Notes (including claims for damages in respect of any breach of the Bank's obligations thereunder) shall rank:

(i) pari passu without any preference among themselves and with claims in respect of Parity Securities;

(ii) in priority to claims in respect of Junior Securities; and

(iii) junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors.

5.

Interest

5.1 Interest Rate: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from time to time from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the First Call Date at a fixed rate of 6.50 per cent. per annum (the "Initial Interest Rate") and thereafter at the applicable Reset Interest Rate (as defined below).
5.2 Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods: Subject to Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) and Condition 7.1 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), interest will be payable annually in arrear on 26 March in each year from (and including) 26 March 2017 (each an "Interest Payment Date"), save that the interest payable (subject to cancellation as aforesaid) on 26 March 2017 shall be in respect of the shorter period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 26 March 2017.

The period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and each successive period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next

59

succeeding Interest Payment Date, is called an "Interest Period". The interest payable (subject as aforesaid) on any Interest Payment Date will be the interest accrued in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date.
5.3 Reset Interest Rate: On the First Call Date and each fifth anniversary of such date (together with the First Call Date, each a "Reset Date"), the rate of interest will be reset to a fixed rate of interest (each a "Reset Interest Rate" and, together with the Initial Interest Rate, each a "Rate of Interest") determined in accordance with the following provisions of this Condition 5.3. The Reset Interest Rate determined with respect to a Reset Date shall apply to the Notes from (and including) such Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date.
The Reset Interest Rate with respect to any Reset Date shall be the rate of interest determined by the Fiscal Agent or another duly appointed agent bank (the "Agent Bank") at or around the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 5 Year Mid-Swap Rate and the Margin, converted by the Agent Bank from a semi-annual to an annual basis in a commercially reasonable manner (provided that if the Reset Interest Rate so determined would be less than nil, the Reset Interest Rate in respect of such Reset Date shall be nil).
In this Condition 5.3:
"5 Year Mid-Swap Rate" means, with respect to a Reset Date and the relative Reset Interest Determination Date:
(A) the mid-swap rate for U.S. dollar swap transactions with a maturity of five years (quoted on a semi-annual basis), expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time; or
(B) if such rate does not appear on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Interest Determination Date;
"5-year Mid-Swap Rate Quotations" means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates quoted by the Reference Banks at the Relevant Time for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar interest rate swap transaction which: (A) has a term of five years commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer o f good credit in the swap market; and (C) has a floating leg (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis) which is equivalent to the rate for deposits in U.S. dollars for a three-month period offered at the Relevant Time by the principal London offices of leading swap dealers in the New York City interbank market to prime banks in the London interbank market;
"30/360" means, with respect to any period, the number of days in such period to (but excluding) the relevant payment date, divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30day months;
"Actual/360" means, with respect to any period, the actual number of days in such period to (but excluding) the relevant payment date, divided by 360;
"Margin" means 5.08 per cent.;
"Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers lending in the New York City interbank market, as selected by the Agent Bank after consultation with the Bank;
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to a Reset Interest Determination Date, at or around 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Interest Determination Date;
60

"Reset Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Reset Date, the day falling two business days prior to such Reset Date, where "business day" means for these purposes a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York City;
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate determined on the basis of the 5-year Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks to the Agent Bank at or around the Relevant Time. If at least three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in respect of the relevant Reset Date will be (i) in the case of each Reset Date other than the First Call Date, the 5 Year Mid-Swap Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Date or (ii) in the case of the First Call Date, 1.297 per cent.;
"Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant Reuters information service designated as the "ICESWAP1" page or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other equivalent information service as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring such information, in each case for the purpose of displaying equivalent or comparable rates to the 5 Year Mid-Swap Rate.
5.4 Calculation o f Amount o f interest: The amount of interest payable (subject to Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) and Condition 7.1 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event)) in respect of a Note shall be calculated per Calculation Amount. The amount of interest per Calculation Amount for any period shall be calculated by the Agent Bank by (a) applying the prevailing Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, (b) multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction and (c) rounding the resultant figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention). The amount of interest payable (subject as aforesaid) in respect of such Note shall be the amount determined per Calculation Amount multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note and the denominator is the Calculation Amount, without any further rounding.
If, pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) or Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes) or as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Bank, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is reduced and/or reinstated during an Interest Period, the amount of interest will be adjusted by the Agent Bank to reflect interest having accrued on the relevant Outstanding Principal Amount during each part of such Interest Period.
In these Conditions "Day Count Fraction" means a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in the relevant period (from and including the date from which interest begins to accrue to, but excluding, the date on which it falls due, such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months) and the denominator of which is 360.
The interest amount which (subject to Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) and Condition 7.1 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the First Call Date will (if paid in full, and assuming no Write Down or other write-down of the Notes has occurred):
(i) in respect of the Interest Payment Date falling on 26 March 2017, U.S.$28.53 per Calculation Amount; and
(ii) in respect of each Interest Payment Date from (and including) 26 March 2018 to (and including) the First Call Date, U.S.$65.00 per Calculation Amount.
61

5.5 Determination and notification o f Reset Interest Rate: The Agent Bank will, on each Reset Interest Determination Date, determine the Reset Interest Rate applicable to the corresponding Reset Date. The Fiscal Agent shall, promptly following determination thereof, cause such Reset Interest Rate to be notified to the Bank, to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, to such exchange.
5.6 Accrual o f interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for redemption unless payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect thereof is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition until whichever is the earlier of:

(i)

the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on

behalf of the relevant Holder; and

(ii)

the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Holders in accordance with

Condition 17 (Notices) that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such

seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

5.7 Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Fiscal Agent, the Agent Bank or the Reference Banks (or any of them) will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Bank, the Paying and Transfer Agents and the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such person will attach to the Fiscal Agent, the Agent Bank or the Reference Banks (or any of them) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.

6.

Interest Cancellation

6.1 Optional Interest Cancellation: The Bank may elect at any time, in its sole and full discretion, to cancel (in whole or in part, as applicable) any payment of interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date.

The Norwegian FSA may also direct the Bank to exercise its discretion to cancel interest (in whole or in part) scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date.

In circumstances where section 6 o f the August 2014 Regulations applies, no payments (or deemed payments) will be made on the Notes (whether by way o fprincipal, interest, Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise) if and to the extent that such payment would, when aggregated together with other distributions o f the kind referred to in section 6(2) o f the August 2014 Regulations, cause the maximum distributable amount (if any), determined in accordance with section 6(3) o f the August 2014 Regulations (a "Maximum Distributable Amount") then applicable to any o f the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group to be exceeded.

6.2 Insufficient Distributable Items: Payments of interest in respect of the Notes in any financial year (and, if applicable, any additional amounts payable in respect thereof pursuant to Condition 11) shall only be made out of Distributable Items of the Bank. The Bank will cancel any interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date if and to the extent that the amount of such interest (together with any additional amounts payable in respect thereof pursuant to Condition 11), when aggregated together with any interest payments or distributions which have been made or which are required to be paid or made during the then current financial year on all other own funds items of the Bank (excluding any such interest payments or distributions which (i) are not required to be made out of Distributable Items or (ii) have already been provided for, by way of deduction, in the calculation of Distributable Items), exceeds the amount of Distributable Items of the Bank as at such Interest Payment Date.

6.3 Notice o f Interest Cancellation: The Bank shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and to the Fiscal Agent of any such cancellation of a payment of interest, which

62

notice might be given after the date on which the relevant payment of interest is scheduled to be made, provided that any failure to give any such notice shall not affect the cancellation of the relevant interest payment and shall not constitute a default of the Bank for any purpose. Non-payment of any amount of interest (in whole or in part) scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date will constitute evidence of cancellation of the relevant payment (or the relevant part thereof), whether or not notice of cancellation has been given by the Bank.

6.4 Interest non-cumulative; no default: If the payment of interest scheduled on an Interest Payment Date is cancelled, in whole or in part, in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation), the Bank shall not have any obligation to make such interest payment (or the cancelled part thereof) on such Interest Payment Date or any time thereafter and the failure to pay such interest (or the cancelled part thereof) shall not constitute a default of the Bank under the Notes or for any purpose.

Any such interest will not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter, the Bank will not be obliged to (and will not) make any other payment or settlement in any form in lieu thereof, and Holders shall have no right thereto whether in a winding-up of the Bank or otherwise.

7.

Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event

7.1 Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event: If at any time the CET1 Ratio of any of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group falls below 5.125 per cent. as determined by:

(a) (in respect of the CET1 Ratio of the Bank and the Bank Group) the Bank; or

(b) (in respect of the CET1 Ratio of the DNB Group) the Parent; or

(c) (in respect of the CET1 Ratio of any of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group) the Norwegian FSA (or any agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of making such determination),

(a "Trigger Event"), then the Bank shall immediately notify the Norwegian FSA and, without delay and by no later than one month (or such other period as the Norwegian FSA may then require) from the occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event, shall:

(i) cancel all interest accrued to (but excluding) the Write Down Date (whether or not such interest has become due for payment and including any interest scheduled for payment on the Write Down Date); and

(ii) (without the need for the consent of the Holders) reduce the then Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note by the relevant Write Down Amount (such reduction, a "Write Down" and "Written Down" being construed accordingly).

For the avoidance of doubt, if the cancellation of interest pursuant to Condition 7.1(i) would result in an increase in the CET1 Ratio of the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group (as applicable), any such increase shall be disregarded for the purposes of calculating the Write Down Amount in respect of such Trigger Event.

In addition to the provisions o f "Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event" above, the Notes may be written down by the shareholders o f the Bank or by the Norwegian authorities pursuant to powers granted to them under Chapter 21 sub-chapter I o f the Norwegian Act on Financial Enterprises and Financial Groups o f 10 April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015 No. 17) (the "Financial Enterprises Act"). See Risk Factors - "The Notes may also be written down under the Norwegian Financial Enterprises Act".

63

7.2 Write Down Notice: The Bank shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination that a Trigger Event has occurred, and in any event not more than 5 days following such determination, give notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Holders (the "Write Down Notice") in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and to the Fiscal Agent stating:
(i) that the Trigger Event has occurred;
(ii) the date on which the Write Down will take effect (the "Write Down Date"); and
(iii) if then determined, the principal amount (expressed per Calculation Amount or as a percentage) by which each Note will be Written Down on the Write Down Date.
If the Write Down Amount has not been determined when the Write Down Notice is given, the Bank shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following such determination, notify Holders of the Write Down Amount in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).
Any failure or delay by the Bank in giving any such notice to the Holders referred to under this Condition 7.2 (Write Down Notice) will not in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any Write Down, or give Holders any rights as a result of such failure or delay, and shall not constitute a default by the Bank under the Notes or for any purpose.
7.3 Loss Absorbing Instruments: Write Down of the Notes will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by the Norwegian FSA, pro rata with (a) the concurrent Write Down of the other Notes; and (b) the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity, as the case may be, of any Loss Absorbing Instruments (based on the prevailing principal amount of the relevant Loss Absorbing Instrument), provided that:
(i) with respect to each Loss Absorbing Instrument (if any), such pro rata write down or conversion shall only be taken into account to the extent required to restore the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) to the lower of (i) such Loss Absorbing Instrument's trigger level and (ii) 5.125 per cent. (being the level at which a Trigger Event occurs in respect of the Notes); and
(ii) if for any reason the Bank is unable to effect the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write down or conversion of any given Loss Absorbing Instruments within the period required by the Norwegian FSA, the Notes will be Written Down notwithstanding that the relevant Loss Absorbing Instruments are not also written down or converted.
For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the Bank is unable to write down or convert any Loss Absorbing Instruments as aforesaid, the Write Down Amount determined in accordance with part (i) of the definition of "Write Down Amount" will be calculated on the basis that such Loss Absorbing Instruments are not available to be written down or converted, and accordingly the Write Down Amount determined in accordance with that part (i) will be higher than it would otherwise have been if such Loss Absorbing Instruments had been available to be written down or converted.
7.4 Write Down Amount: "Write Down Amount" means, in respect of any Write Down, the amount by which the then Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note (calculated per Calculation Amount) is to be Written Down, being (save as may otherwise be required by Applicable Banking Regulations) the lower of (i) and (ii) below:
(i) the amount per Note which is determined by the Bank to be necessary (in conjunction with (a) the concurrent Write Down of the other Notes; and (b) the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity of, or other loss absorption measures taken in respect of, any other Loss Absorbing Instruments, in each case in the manner and to the extent provided in Condition 7.3 (Loss Absorbing Instruments) and, if applicable, any concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down, in whole or in part, of the Capital Contribution Securities)
64

to restore each of the Bank's, the Bank Group's and/or the DNB Group's (as applicable) CET1 Ratio to at least 5.125 per cent. (and so that the lowest of such CET1 Ratios is equal to (or as near as is practicable equal to but not less than) 5.125 per cent.); and
(ii) the amount necessary to reduce the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note to one cent per Calculation Amount (and references herein to the "one cent floor" in respect of the Notes shall be construed accordingly).
The Outstanding Principal Amount of a Note shall not at any time be reduced below one cent per Calculation Amount as a result of a Write Down.
7.5 Full Loss Absorbing Instruments: If, in connection with the Write Down or the calculation of the Write Down Amount, there are outstanding any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall be written down or converted into equity in full and not in part only ("Full Loss Absorbing Instruments") then:
(i) the requirement that a Write Down of the Notes shall be effected pro rata with the write-down or conversion into equity, as the case may be, of any such Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the Notes to be Written Down in full (or in full save for the one cent floor) simply by virtue of the fact that such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down or converted in full; and
(ii) for the purposes of calculating the Write Down Amount, the Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be treated (for the purposes only of determining the write-down of principal or conversion into equity, as the case may be, among the Notes and such other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial write-down or conversion into equity, such that the write-down or conversion into equity of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be deemed to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down or converted into equity pro rata with the Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments (in each case subject to and as provided in Condition 7.3) to the extent necessary to restore each of the Bank's, the Bank Group's and/or the DNB Group's (as the case may be) CET1 Ratio to at least 5.125 per cent.; and (b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) shall be written-off or converted into equity, as the case may be, with the effect of increasing the Bank's, the Bank Group's and/or the DNB Group's, as the case may be, CET1 Ratio above the minimum required level under (a) above.
7.6 Interest accrual: Following a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes as described above, interest will accrue on the reduced Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note from (and including) the relevant Write Down Date, and (for the avoidance of doubt) such interest will be subject to Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) and Condition 7.1 (Loss Absorption following a Trigger Event).
7.7 Write Down may occur on one or more occasion; No default: A Write Down may occur on one or more occasions and accordingly the Notes may be Written Down on one or more occasions (provided however, for the avoidance of doubt, that the principal amount of a Note shall not at any time be reduced to below one cent per Calculation Amount). Any reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amount pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) shall not constitute a default by the Bank under the Notes or for any purpose.
7.8 Cancellation not automatic: If the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is Written Down to one cent per Calculation Amount, the Notes will not be automatically cancelled.
7.9 Currency: For the purposes of any calculation in connection with a Write Down or Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes which necessarily requires the determination of a figure in the Accounting Currency (or in an otherwise consistent manner across obligations denominated in different currencies),
65

including (without limitation) any determination of a Write Down Amount and/or a Maximum Write-up Amount, any relevant obligations (including the Notes) which are not denominated in the Accounting Currency shall, (for the purposes of such calculation only) be deemed notionally to be converted into the Accounting Currency at the foreign exchange rates determined, in the sole discretion of the Bank, to be applicable based on its regulatory reporting requirements under Applicable Banking Regulations.

8.

Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes

8.1 Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes: If, at any time while any Note remains Written Down, each Relevant Entity records a positive Net Profit, the Bank may, in its sole and absolute discretion, increase the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes (a "Discretionary Reinstatement") by such amount (calculated per Calculation Amount) as the Bank may elect, provided that such Discretionary Reinstatement shall not:

(i) result in the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes being greater than their Original Principal Amount;

(ii) result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event; or

(iii) result in the Maximum Write-up Amount to be exceeded when taken together with the aggregate of:

(a) any previous Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes out of the same Relevant Profits since the Reference Date (if any);

(b) the aggregate amount of any interest on the Notes that has been paid or calculated (but disregarding any such calculated interest which has been cancelled) since the Reference Date on the basis of an Outstanding Principal Amount that is lower than the Original Principal Amount;

(c) the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of the Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments to be written-up out of the same Relevant Profits concurrently (or substantially concurrently) with the Discretionary Reinstatement and (if applicable) any previous increase in principal amount out of the same Relevant Profits of such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments since the Reference Date; and

(d) the aggregate amount of any interest on such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that have been paid or calculated (but disregarding any such calculated interest which has been cancelled) since the Reference Date on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is lower than the original principal amount at which such WrittenDown Additional Tier 1 Instruments were issued.

A Discretionary Reinstatement will also not be effected in circumstances in which it would cause any Maximum Distributable Amount then applicable to the Bank, the Bank Group and/or the DNB Group to be exceeded.

8.2 Notice o f Discretionary Reinstatement: In the event of a Discretionary Reinstatement in accordance with Condition 8.1 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes), the Bank will give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and to the Fiscal Agent not more than ten Business Days following the day on which it resolves to effect such Discretionary Reinstatement, which notice shall specify the amount o f such Discretionary Reinstatement (expressed per Calculation Amount or as a percentage) and the date on which such Discretionary Reinstatement will be effected.

66

8.3 Write-up o f Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments: Any Discretionary Reinstatement shall be applied concurrently (or substantially concurrently) and pro rata with other write-ups to be effected out of the Relevant Profits in respect of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments.

The Bank will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument that have terms permitting a write-up of such principal amount to occur out of the Relevant Profits on a similar basis to that set out in respect of the Notes unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes.

8.4 Interest Accrual: Following a Discretionary Reinstatement in respect of the Notes, interest will accrue on the increased Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note from (and including) the date on which the relevant Discretionary Reinstatement takes effect, and (for the avoidance of doubt) such interest will be subject to Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) and Condition 7.1 (Loss Absorption following a Trigger Event).

8.5 Discretionary Reinstatement may occur on one or more occasions: A Discretionary Reinstatement may occur on one or more occasions until the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes has been reinstated to the Original Principal Amount. Any decision by the Bank to effect or not to effect any Discretionary Reinstatement on any occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Discretionary Reinstatement on any other occasion.

For the avoidance o f doubt, Discretionary Reinstatement shall apply to the Notes only if, and to the extent that, the Notes have been Written Down following the occurrence o f a Trigger Event in accordance with the provisions o f Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) above. I f at any time the Notes are written down pursuant to Chapter 21 sub-chapter I o f the Financial Enterprises Act, the principal amount by which the Notes are so written down pursuant to the Financial Enterprises Act shall not be reinstated (whether by way o f Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise) in any circumstances, and references in these Conditions to a Discretionary Reinstatement up to (or not exceeding) the Original Principal Amount o f the Notes shall be construed as if the Original Principal Amount had been reduced by an amount equal to the principal amount o f the Notes written down under Chapter 21 sub-chapter I o f the Financial Enterprises Act.

9.

Redemption and Purchase

9.1 No maturity: The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption. The Bank may only redeem the Notes at its discretion in the circumstances described herein. The Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Holders at any time.
9.2 Redemption at the option o f the Bank: The Bank may, at its option (but subject to Condition 9.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.) and to the proviso at the end of this Condition 9.2) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall, subject as provided in Condition 9.8 (Trigger Event following notice o f redemption, substitution or variation) below, be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the First Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter, at their Redemption Amount; provided, however, that if at any time the Notes have been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), the Bank shall not be entitled to exercise its option under this Condition 9.2 until the principal amount of the Notes so Written Down has been fully reinstated pursuant to Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes).
For the avoidance o f doubt, the proviso to Condition 9.2 requires the principal amount o f the Notes to be reinstated i f and to the extent that such principal has been Written Down pursuant to Condition 7. If, at any time, the Notes are written down by the shareholders o f the Bank or by the Norwegian authorities pursuant to Chapter 21 sub-chapter I o f the Financial Enterprises Act, such principal amount is not capable o f being reinstated under Condition 8, and the Bank shall be entitled to exercise its option under Condition 9.2 (subject as provided therein) notwithstanding that the Outstanding Principal Amount o f the

67

Notes is less than their Original Principal Amount by virtue o f such write-down under Chapter 21 sub chapter I o f the Financial Enterprises Act.
9.3 Redemption upon the occurrence o f a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event: Subject to Condition 9.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event, the Bank may, at its option, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall, subject as provided in Condition 9.8 (Trigger Event following notice o f redemption, substitution or variation) below, be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at any time, at their Redemption Amount.
The Bank, having satisfied itself that a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event has occurred, shall notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the occurrence of such Capital Event, Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event.
9.4 Purchase: The Bank or any member of the DNB Group may at any time permitted by applicable law and regulation (but subject to Condition 9.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.)) purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Such Notes may, subject to applicable law and regulation, be held, reissued, resold or surrendered for cancellation.
9.5 Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed, all Notes which are purchased and surrendered for cancellation and all Notes which are substituted pursuant to Condition 9.6 (Substitution and variation), will forthwith be cancelled and cannot be reissued or resold.
9.6 Substitution and variation: Subject to Condition 9.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), if a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, the Bank may at any time, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders (in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent, substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes provided that they remain or (as appropriate) so that they become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes.
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation shall take effect and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Holders.
9.7 Conditions to redemption etc.: The Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, substituted, varied or modified (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption at the option o f the Bank), Condition 9.3 (Redemption upon the occurrence o f a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event), Condition 9.4 (Purchase), Condition 9.5 (Cancellation) or Condition 9.6 (Substitution and variation) or Condition 15 (Meetings o fHolders; Modification), as the case may be, if:
(i) the Bank has notified the Norwegian FSA of, and the Norwegian FSA has consented to, such redemption, purchase, cancellation, substitution, variation or modification (as applicable);
(ii) such redemption, purchase, cancellation, substitution, variation or modification (as applicable) is in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including the Applicable Banking Regulations;
(iii) in respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date (A) in the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event, the Bank has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Norwegian FSA that (1) the tax consequences of such event are material and (2) the relevant Change in Law was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or (B) in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Bank has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Norwegian FSA that the change (or pending change) in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; and
68

(iv) in the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event the Bank has delivered to the Fiscal Agent (to hold for inspection by any Holder during business hours and upon reasonable notice) (A) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to redeem have occurred, and (B) in the case of a redemption of the Notes as result of a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event only, the relevant legal opinion referred to in the definition of Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event (as the case may be), which certificate and opinion shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders;
provided that, as regards Conditions 9.7(i) and (iii) above, if, at the time of any redemption, purchase, cancellation, substitution, variation or modification of the Notes, the prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations permit such redemption, purchase, cancellation, substitution, variation or modification only after compliance with one or more additional or alternative preconditions to those set out in Conditions 9.7(i) and (iii) above, the Bank shall comply (in addition or, as the case may be, in the alternative) with such additional and/or alternative precondition(s).
9.8 Trigger Eventfollowing notice o f redemption, substitution or variation: If at any time the Bank has given notice that it intends to redeem, substitute or vary the terms of the Notes and, prior to the time of such redemption, substitution or variation, a Trigger Event occurs, the relevant redemption, substitution or variation notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect. Accordingly, the Notes will not be redeemed, substituted or varied on the proposed date therefor, and instead a Write Down of the Notes will occur in accordance with Condition 7 (Loss Absorption following a Trigger Event). The Bank will notify the Holders of such occurrence in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable.
9.9 Notice o f redemption following a Trigger Event: If at any time the Bank has given a Write Down Notice, the Bank shall not subsequently give notice that it intends to redeem the Notes until after the Write Down Date specified in such Write Down Notice shall have passed.
10. Payments
10.1 Method o fpayment: Payments shall be made by credit or transfer to an account in U.S. dollars maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in U.S. dollars drawn on, a bank in New York. Payments of principal and interest payable on redemption shall be made upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificate(s) at the Specified Office of any Paying and Transfer Agent or the Registrar.
10.2 Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to: (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
10.3 Payments on payment days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (i) London, (ii) New York, (iii) the Kingdom of Norway and (iv) (where presentation is required) the relevant place of presentation of the relevant Note Certificate.
69

Where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed not later than the Payment Day on which the relevant payment is otherwise due to be made in accordance with this Condition 10.3 (or, if presentation or surrender of a Note Certificate is required, not later than the Payment Day following presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of such Note Certificate at the Specified Office of a Paying and Transfer Agent).
Holders will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay after the due date in receiving the amount due if the due date is not a Payment Day, if the Holder is late in presenting or surrendering its Note Certificate (if required to do so) or if a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition arrives after the due date for payment.
10.4 Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Note will be made to the person shown as the holder in the Register at the opening of business (in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office) on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date.
11. Taxation
11.1 Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Bank will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event of any such withholding or deduction in respect of payments of interest (but not principal) (and subject to Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation)), the Bank will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts of interest received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note:
(i) held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of such Note; or
(ii) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Business Day).
11.2 As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Holders, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).
12. Enforcement
12.1 There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. Holders shall not be entitled at any time to file for liquidation or bankruptcy of the Bank.
70

12.2 If the Bank is liquidated, dissolved or otherwise wound-up by way of public administration, in each case by a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Norway having jurisdiction in respect of the same, the holder of any Note may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such winding-up together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note (to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding commencement of such winding-up and any other amounts payable on such Note (including any damages payable in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 4.2 (Subordination).
12.3 Subject to Condition 12.1 and without prejudice to Condition 12.2, any Holder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Bank as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Bank under the Notes, provided that the Bank shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.
13. Prescription
The Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor.
14. Agents
The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, Registrar, Agent Bank and Paying and Transfer Agents and their initial Specified Offices are set out below.
The Bank is entitled to appoint, vary or terminate the appointment of any Fiscal Agent, Registrar, Agent Bank or Paying and Transfer Agent and/or approve any change in the Specified Office through which any Fiscal Agent, Registrar, Agent Bank or Paying and Transfer Agent acts, provided that:
(i) so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying and Transfer Agent, with a Specified Office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority;
(ii) there will at all times be a Registrar; and
(iii) there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and Agent Bank.
In acting under the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Agent Bank and the Paying and Transfer Agents act solely as agents of the Bank and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Holders.
15. Replacement of Note Certificates
If any Note Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Registrar upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with the replacement and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Bank may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Note Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
16. Meetings of Holders; Modification
16.1 Meetings o f Holders: Meetings may be convened by the Bank and shall be convened by the Bank if required in writing by Holders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary
71

Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing in aggregate not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding and providing an undertaking that no transfers or dealing have taken place or will take place in the relevant Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Holders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes (including (i) an amendment to any date for payment of interest in respect of the Notes; (ii) a reduction or cancellation in the nominal amount or any other amount payable on redemption of the Notes; (iii) a reduction in the rate of interest in respect of the Notes or a variation in the method of calculating the rate or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any interest amount in respect any Note; (iv) a variation to any basis for calculating the Redemption Amount of any Note; (v) a variation to the currency of payments in respect of the Notes; (vi) modifying the provisions concerning the Write Down and/or Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes or (vii) certain modifications to the quorum and voting provisions set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.
For the purposes of a meeting of Holders, the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) shall be treated as the holder of the Notes provided that he has given an undertaking not to transfer the Notes so specified (prior to the close of the meeting).
The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that an Extraordinary Resolution may also be passed by way of a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Notes (a "W ritten Resolution").
An Extraordinary Resolution, whether passed by way of a Written Resolution or at a duly convened meeting of the Holders, shall be binding on all the Holders, whether or not they signed the Written Resolution or, as the case may be, were present at the meeting and whether or not voting in favour.
The provisions for the convening and holding of such meetings of Holders are set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, a copy of which is available to Holders for inspection upon request to the Bank.
16.2 Modification o fNotes: The Fiscal Agent and the Bank may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to:
(i) any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned above) to the Notes and/or these Conditions which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; or
(ii) subject to Condition 9.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), any modification to the Notes and/or these Conditions which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.
Subject as provided in these Conditions, no other modification may be made to the Notes or these Conditions except with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders and any such modification shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.
With respect to Condition 16.2(i) above, the inclusion of a term in the Conditions that prohibits or restricts the Bank's discretion to cancel payments of interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Capital Event will be treated as a modification which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders, provided that the inclusion of such term does not result in the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event.
72

17. Notices
For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Main Securities Market of the Irish Stock Exchange, notices to Holders will be deemed to have been validly given if published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie) or in such other manner as the Irish Stock Exchange or its rules and regulations may prescribe or accept.
The Bank shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.
18. Waiver and Remedies
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder, any right in these Conditions shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without such notice or demand.
19. Further Issues
The Bank shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes.
20. Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
20.1 The Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that (i) the provisions of Condition 4 (Status o f the Notes), Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), Condition 8 (Discretionary Reinstatement o f the Notes) and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith and (ii) any other write-down or conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and regulation applicable to the Bank from time to time, are in each case governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Norway.
20.2 The Bank agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Agent Bank and the Paying and Transfer Agents and the Holders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement and/or the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement and/or the Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith) may be brought in such courts.
20.3 The Bank hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts or the Norwegian courts, as the case may be, shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.
20.4 Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Bank in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.
20.5 The Bank appoints DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) at its registered office for the time being at 8th Floor, The Walbrook Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF as its agent for service of process, and
73

undertakes that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 20.6 Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 21. Rights of Third Parties No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition in respect of a Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act.
74

SUMMARY OF THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM
The following is a summary of the provisions to be contained in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and in the Global Certificate which will apply to, and in some cases modify the effect of, the Conditions while the Notes are represented by the Global Certificate:
Global Certificate
The Notes will, upon issue, be represented by a global certificate (the " Global Certificate") which will be deposited with, and registered in the name of Citivic Nominees Limited (the "Registered Holder") as nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by the Global Certificate and the Global Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes (each an "Accountholder") (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes) shall be treated as the holder of that principal amount for all purposes (including but not limited to for the purposes of any quorum requirements of, or the right to demand a poll or, meetings of the registered holders and giving notices to the Issuer) other than with respect to the payment of principal, interest and any other amounts on or in respect of the Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, solely in the Registered Holder.
Exchange of the Global Certificate
The Global Certificate will be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge to the holder) for duly authenticated and completed Note Certificates if Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announce an intention permanently to cease business or do in fact do so.
Whenever the Global Certificate is to be exchanged for Note Certificates, such Note Certificates shall be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Original Principal Amount of the Global Certificate (and the Outstanding Principal Amount at the time of such issue shall be notified thereon) within 20 business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of the Global Certificate, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar. Such exchange shall be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any Holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the city in which the Registrar has its specified office.
Transfers
Transfers of book-entry interests in the Notes will be effected through the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants in accordance with their respective rules and procedures.
Payments
Payments in respect of Notes represented by the Global Certificate will be made to or to the order of the Registered Holder. The Registered Holder shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of the Notes whilst represented by the Global Certificate and the Issuer's obligations in respect of any payment on or in respect of the Notes will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Registered Holder in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Certificate must look solely
75

to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the Registered Holder.
Record Date With respect to payments of Notes represented by the Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Record Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 10.4 save that reference therein to "fifteenth day" shall be construed as reference to "ICSD Business Day". " ICSD Business Day" means a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business.
Calculation of interest Notwithstanding Condition 5.4, for so long as all of the Notes are represented by the Global Certificate, the amount of interest payable (subject to cancellation as provided in the Conditions) on each Interest Payment Date will be calculated by reference to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount ofNotes represented by the Global Certificate and not per Calculation Amount.
Write Down and Discretionary Reinstatement For so long as all of the Notes are represented by the Global Certificate and this Global Certificate is registered in the name o f the Registered Holder as nominee for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, any Write Down of the Notes will be effected in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in accordance with their operating procedures by way of a reduction in the pool factor and any Discretionary Reinstatement in respect of the Notes will be effected in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in accordance with their operating procedures by way of an increase in the pool factor.
The amount of such Write Down or Discretionary Reinstatement will also be endorsed by or on behalf of the Registrar on the Register.
Notwithstanding Conditions 7.4 and 8.1, for so long as all of the Notes are represented by the Global Certificate (i) the amount of any Write Down or Discretionary Reinstatement will be calculated by reference to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Notes represented by the Global Certificate and not per Calculation Amount and (ii) the references in Conditions 7.4, 7.7 and 7.8 to "one cent per Calculation Amount" shall be construed as though the words "per Calculation Amount" were omitted.
Notices For so long as all of the Notes are represented by the Global Certificate and this Global Certificate is registered in the name of the Registered Holder as nominee for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Holders may be given, in substitution for delivery as required by Condition 17, by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by such clearing systems to the accountholders. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of delivery of the notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) for such communication.
For so long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, such notice shall also be given in a manner which is required or permitted (as the case may be) under the rules o f such stock exchange or other relevant authority (which, in the case o f the Irish Stock Exchange, shall be by publication on the website o f the Irish Stock Exchange).
Prescription Claims for principal and/or interest in respect of the Global Certificate will become void unless made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11.2) therefor.
Voting and Electronic Consents While the Global Certificate is registered in the name o f any nominee for one or more clearing system(s), then:
(i) approval o f a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems o f the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with
76

their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the Holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Holders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Holders whether or not they participated in such electronic consent; and (ii) where electronic consent is not being sought, to determine whether a Written Resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to the Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is beneficially held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Holders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Eurodear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. Clearing Systems References herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, where the context admits, be deemed to include references to any other clearing system in which the Notes are, for the time being, cleared.
77

USE OF PROCEEDS The issue of the Notes will form part of the Issuer's capital base and the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes.
78

DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE DNB GROUP
In addition to the below, please refer to the information on the Issuer, the Bank Group and the DNB Group in the documents incorporated herein by reference as set out in the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section above.
The financial information contained in this section relating to the three-month and six-month periods ended 30 June 2016 and the financial year ended 31 December 2015 o f the Issuer has been extracted from the Issuer's "Second quarter and first half report 2016 (unaudited)" and the "Annual Report 2015" respectively as incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Financial information included in the Annual report is audited. Financial information contained in the Second quarter andfirst halfreport 2016 is unaudited.
Introduction
DNB ASA and its subsidiaries (the "DNB Group") constitute Norway's largest financial services group in terms of total assets with consolidated assets of NOK 2,665 billion as at 30 June 2016 (source: DNB). DNB ASA conducts its banking operations through the Bank and offers life insurance and pension saving products, non-life (property and casualty) insurance products and asset management services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS, DNB Forsikring AS and DNB Asset Management Holding AS. The DNB Group has more than 2.1 million private individual customers, some 230,000 corporate customers and around 1,100,000 life and pension insurance customers in Norway.
The Bank is 100 per cent owned by DNB ASA, the holding company of the DNB Group. The Bank Group (the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries), is Norway's largest bank group as measured by total assets (with NOK 2,373 billion in assets as of 30 June 2016). The Bank Group offers corporate, retail and investment banking services and products to customers in Norway and internationally.
The Issuer wholly owns DNB Boligkreditt AS, a company which provides loans secured by residential property for up to 75 per cent of the property's appraised value. DNB Boligkreditt AS is licensed to operate as a mortgage institution with the right to issue covered bonds and has a key role in ensuring the DNB Group's long-term funding.
The Bank Group's head office is located in Oslo.
Legal structure
The merger between DnB Holding ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA was registered in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises on 4 December 2003 and the new holding company was renamed DnB NOR ASA. DnB Holding ASA was the acquiring holding company. The two bank subsidiaries, Den norske Bank ASA and Union Bank of Norway ASA, respectively, merged on 19 January 2004. Union Bank of Norway ASA was the acquiring bank. Through various mergers, it can trace its roots back to 1822, when Norway's first savings bank was founded. The new bank was named DnB NOR Bank ASA. With effect from 11 November 2011, DnB NOR Bank ASA was renamed DNB Bank ASA.
On 10 September 2002, Union Bank of Norway ASA was demutualised from a self-owned institution and incorporated as a public limited company with registration number 984 851 006 under the Norwegian Act on Commercial Banks of 24 May, 1961 No. 2.
On 1 October 2012 the merger of the Issuer and Nordlandsbanken ASA became effective.
The registered office of the Issuer is at Dronning Eufemias gate 30, N-0021, Oslo, Norway and its telephone number is +47 915 03000.
Corporate object
79

Pursuant to Article 1-2 of the Articles of Association of the Issuer, the corporate object of the Issuer is to perform all types of business and services that are customary or natural for banks to engage in within the scope of Norwegian legislation in force at any time.
DNB Group - legal structure at 30 June 2016
In accordance with the requirements of the Norwegian regulatory authorities, the banking, asset management and insurance activities of DNB Group are organised in separate limited companies under the holding company DNB ASA. Banking activities are organised in DNB Bank ASA and its subsidiaries (together, the "Bank Group"). Asset management activities are organised under DNB Asset Management Holding AS. DNB Livsforsikring AS offers life insurance and pension saving products. DNB Skadesforsikring AS offers non-life insurance products as part of a total product package for retail customers.
The chart below shows the legal structure of the DNB Group at 30 June 2016 (only major subsidiaries are included).

Regulatory Capital Ratios

The Issuer and the DNB Group intend to publish information regarding the regulatory capital ratios of the Issuer, the Bank Group and the DNB Group as part of their financial statements each quarter.

Up until 30 June 2014, the DNB Group followed the Basel II regulations for capital adequacy calculations. On 22 August 2014, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance approved changes in a number of capital adequacy regulations. Parallel to this, the Norwegian FSA changed the Consolidation Regulations to adapt to the EU's new capital adequacy regulations for banks and investment firms (CRD IV/CRR). From 30 September 2014 onwards, capital adequacy has been reported in accordance with the new reporting requirements. Valuation rules used in the statutory accounts form the basis for the consolidation, which is subject to special consolidation rules governed by the Consolidation Regulations.

The table below sets out the Issuer's, the Bank Group's and the DNB Group's common equity tier 1 ratios as at 30 June 2016 and 31 December 2015 (calculated applying transitional measures):

pk / sksk / sksk sk
Common equity Tier 1 ratio (%) as at 30 June 2016

Bank Group 14.5

DNB Bank ASA 17.6

DNB Group 15.2

Common equity Tier 1 ratio (%) as at 31 December 2015 **

14.3

15.1

14.4

* Transitional rules

** Including 50 per cent. of year-to-date 2016 profit as at 30 June 2016

*** The Norwegian FSA announced on 25 May 2016 that it has sent a proposal to the Norwegian Ministry of Finance to change the treatment of investments in insurance subsidiaries related to the Norwegian Basel 1 floor regulation. Such proposal, if implemented, would have no effect on the common equity tier 1 capital ratio of the Bank or the Bank Group, but would result in a reduction of the DNB Group's common equity tier 1 ratio

80

(such reduction would have been equal to approximately 0.2 per cent. as at 30 June 2016 had such proposal been implemented by such date, reducing the ratio from 15.2 to 15.0 per cent).
DNB's strategy vision and values DNB Group's strategic platform consists of the DNB Group's vision and values and a shared customer value proposition. DNB Group's vision, values and customer value proposition are about putting the customers in focus. By having satisfied customers whose needs for financial services are well met, DNB Group aims to be the leading bank throughout Norway and a leading international player within selected customer segments, products and geographic areas. DNB's vision: Creating value through the art o f serving the customer. DNB Group aims to create value for customers, owners, employees and society in general. D NB's values: Helpful, professional and show initiative. The values reflect what should characterise DNB Group. Employees who are helpful, professional and show initiative aim to ensure that customers always have a good experience when they contact DNB Group. DNB's customer value proposition: Here for you. Every day. When it matters the most. It is all about when, where and how DNB Group is there for its customers. Being there is about identifying customer needs in order to be able to offer the best solutions. DNB Group gives priority to long-term value creation for its shareholders and aims to achieve a return on equity, a rate of growth and a market capitalisation which are competitive in relation to DNB Group's Nordic peers. The DNB Group's return on equity (on an annualised basis) was 10.5 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2016 (14.1 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2015). DNB Group aspires to become a strategic adviser for a greater number of customers by capitalising on the DNB Group's industry expertise and adapting products and services to customers' overall financial needs. In order to achieve an attractive position as a primary bank, DNB Group must ensure that its full range of financial services is competitive. Operational structure - DNB Group The operational structure of DNB Group deviates from its legal structure. The operational structure is adapted to the DNB Group's business operations and aims to ensure high-quality customer service and products as well as efficient operations. Customer areas are responsible for customer relationships and customer service, while product areas are responsible for the development of key products. Operational tasks and group services are carried out by the DNB Group's support and staff units, which provide infrastructure and cost-efficient services for the business units. All activities in the subsidiaries fall within the area relevant to such subsidiaries' primary operations.
81

Reporting structure DNB Group- Business segments

Financial governance in DNB Group is geared to the different customer segments. The follow-up of total customer relationships and segment profitability are two important dimensions when making strategic priorities and deciding where to allocate the DNB Group's resources. Special product areas are responsible for production and development for parts of the product range and for ensuring that the DNB Group meets the needs of the various customer segments. Reported figures for the different segments, as further described below, will reflect the DNB Group's total sales of products and services to the relevant customer segments.

Personal customers -

this segment includes the DNB Group's 2.1 million personal customers in Norway. The DNB Group offers a wide range of products through Norway's largest distribution network, comprising branches, telephone banking (24/7), digital banking, mobile banking solutions, real estate broking as well as external channels such as post offices and in-store postal and banking outlets.

Personal customers includes the DNB Group's total sales of products and services to personal customers in Norway, both digital and physical, with the exception of residential mortgages recorded under traditional pension products, where returns accrue to the policyholders.

For the six months ended 30 June 2016, the personal customers segment recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 4,900 million, compared to a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 4,756 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. For the year ended 31 December 2015, personal customers recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 10,655 million, compared to NOK 9,608 million for 2014. Average loans to customers for the 3 months ended 30 June 2016 amounted to NOK 694.3 billion, while deposits from customers totalled NOK 398.8 billion.

The Bank is working to adapt products, service concepts and cost levels to the banking market of the future. In response to a higher self-service ratio, a total of 20 branch offices in Norway were closed in 2015, and staff levels were reduced, mainly through natural attrition. The Bank will continue streamlining its branch structure, and in the first half of 2016 the number of branch offices serving personal customers were further reduced.

In the Bank Group's consolidated financial statements, the residential loan portfolio of DNB Boligkreditt AS is reported as part of the personal customers segment. The remaining part of the DNB Boligkreditt AS business is reported as part of other operations.

DNB Eiendom AS is reported within personal customers and is Norway's largest real estate broker. The company offers services related to the sale of residential and holiday properties and housing projects, as well as advisory services in connection with the sale of other real estate. In recent years, DNB Eiendom AS has experienced strong growth in market share and turnover and has around 125 offices across Norway.

Small and medium-sized enterprises -

this segment is responsible for product sales and advisory services to small and medium-sized enterprises in Norway. Customers in the segment range from small businesses and start-up companies to relatively large corporate customers, and the product offerings are adapted to the customers' different needs. Small and medium-sized enterprises are served through the DNB Group's large physical distribution network throughout Norway as well as digital and telephone banking (24/7).

82

The needs of companies are rapidly becoming more digital. Changes in customer behaviour, combined with increasing digitalisation, mean that customers with straightforward needs can be served well and more efficiently through the Bank's digital channels.
For reporting purposes, this segment includes the Bank Group's total sales of products and services to small and medium-sized enterprises in Norway.
For the six months ended 30 June 2016, the segment recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 1,966 million, compared to a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 1,741 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. For the year ended 31 December 2015, small and medium-sized enterprises recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 3,715 million, compared to NOK 3,401 million for 2014. Average loans to customers for the 3 months ended 30 June 2016 amounted to NOK 223.8 billion, while deposits from customers amounted to NOK 173.5 billion.
Large corporates and international customers -
this segment includes large Norwegian and international corporate customers including all customers in the Baltics and Poland. Operations are based on sound industry expertise and long-term customer relationships.
For the six months ended 30 June 2016, the segment recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 2,737 million, compared to a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 6,236 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. For the year ended 31 December 2015, large corporates and international recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 11,105 million, compared to NOK 11,252 million for 2014. Average loans to customers for the 3 months ended 30 June 2016 amounted to NOK 554.0 billion while deposits from customers amounted to NOK 378.5 billion. Non performing and doubtful loans and guarantees amounted to NOK 16.1 billion at end-June 2016, compared with NOK 7.7 billion a year earlier. The significant increase reflected the weaker economic conditions in some industries, in particular within oil-related industries and certain shipping markets.
In order to increase the DNB Group's Tier 1 capital ratio, adjustments were made in 2015 to reduce the division's use of capital by selling certain loans and entering into syndication and guarantee contracts. These changes were made where returns were low or where the potential for profitable growth was not satisfactory.
The large corporates and international segment serves large corporate customers in Norway and is responsible for the Bank Group's international operations, including the service of local customers in the Baltics and Poland. Long-term customer relationships based on sound industry and product expertise are key to the success of this business area. International initiatives are based on expertise within the business area's strategic priority areas, which are shipping, energy and seafood.
DNB Næringskreditt AS is 100 per cent owned by DNB Bank ASA. The mortgage institution was established to issue covered bonds secured by a cover pool comprising commercial property. DNB Næringsmegling AS is a large commercial property adviser and broker, and it manages portfolios which can be used to obtain long-term funding for the Bank Group through the issuance of covered bonds.
83

The large corporates and international business area serves Norwegian customers through central customer service departments, financial services and business centres and regional offices in Norway, as well as through the Bank Group's telephone and internet banks. In addition, the Bank Group's corporate clients are offered services internationally through offices and branches in several countries around the world.

Traditional pension products -

this segment comprises the portfolio of traditional defined-benefit pension products in DNB Livsforsikring AS. DNB no longer offers such products to new customers.

For the six months ended 30 June 2016, the segment recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 407 million, compared to a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 583 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. For the year ended 31 December 2015, traditional pension products recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 145 million, compared to NOK 1,212 million for 2014.

The prolonged low interest rate level could make it challenging for life insurance companies to achieve a satisfactory level of earnings over the coming years. DNB Livsforsikring AS has adapted to the low interest rate level by holding a large portfolio of long-term bonds at amortised cost and property investments.

Each quarter, DNB Livsforsikring AS carries out a test to assess whether the company has adequate premium reserves. In the test, insurance provisions calculated on the basis of market rates and insurance liabilities calculated on the basis of the contracts' base rate (guaranteed rate of return) are compared. The test showed positive margins at 30 June 2016.

Trading -

this segment includes market making and other trading in foreign exchange, fixed income equity and commodity products, including the hedging of market risk inherent in customer transactions. Customer activities are supported by trading activities.

For the six months ended 30 June 2016, the segment recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 771 million, compared to a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 988 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. For the year ended 31 December 2015, Trading recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 1,087 million, compared to NOK 1,500 million for 2014.

Overview of the Issuer's Subsidiaries

The following table provides a summary of the subsidiaries of the Issuer as of 31 December 2015.

Investments in subsidiaries as at 31 December 2015

Amounts in NOK 1 000 Values in NO K unless otherwise indicated Foreign subsidiaries DNB Invest Denmark DNB Bankas DNB Banka DNB Pank DNB Bank Polska DNB Asia 11 DNB Asia 11 DNB Brasil

Share capital

Number of shares

DKK EUR EUR EUR PLN USD SGD BRL

12 765 228 190 205 191 178 9 376
1 257 200 1 500 000
20 000 600

12 765 228 468 5 710 134
191 178 337 937 643
1 257 200 000 150 000 000 20 000 000 600 000

Nominal value

Ownership share in per cent

Carrying amount

DKK EUR EUR EUR PLN USD SGD BRL

12 765 228 190 205 191 178 9 376
1 257 200 1 500 000
20 000 600

100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00

10 684 100 3 550 993 2 255 764
965 233 1 773 565 13 196 625
100 769 2 727

84

DNB Capital2' DNB Luxembourg DNB Markets Inc. DNB Sweden DNB (UK) Limited Domestic subsidiaries Aksje- og Eiendomsinvest Bryggetorget Holding Digital Wallet DNB Boligkreditt DNB Eiendom DNB Eiendomsutvikling DNB Gjenstandsadministrasjon DNB Invest Holding DNB Meglerservice DNB Næringskreditt DNB Næringsmegling DNB Polish Properties E6 Logistikk Godfjellet Kongsberg Industrieiendom Total investments in subsidiaries

USD EUR USD SEK GBP

70 000 1
100 000 200
100 3 250
297 3 497 000
10 003 91 000
3 000 100 000
1 200 550 000
1 000 1 200
30 8 030
100

70 000 1 000
100 000 000 200 000
100 000 2 500 2 971
34 970 000 100 033
91 000 000 30
200 000 12
550 000 10 000 1 200 3 000 8 030 1 000

USD EUR USD SEK GBP

70 000 1
100 000 200

100 3 250
297 3 497 000
10 003 91 000 3 000 100 000
1 200 550 000
1 000 1 200
30 8 030
100

100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00

21 114 600 672 200 3 224
15 163 666 15 041 659

100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00

38 721 107 076
7 500 29 784 000
158 021 238 731
3 000 229 480
10 221 5 240 942
24 000 65 113 22 398
8 447 10 000 120 472 774

1) DNB Asia Ltd has part of its share capital denominated in SGD (due to local requirements) and a part of its share capital denominated in USD. 2) DNB Capital LLC, a limited liability company, has paid-in capital of USD 2.4 billion.

Recent developments

On 25 August 2016, DNB announced that Nordea and DNB have entered into an agreement to combine their operations in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The joint venture is intended to benefit from the scale, stronger geographic presence and broader product offering of the combined businesses, and to ensure the business is better equipped to counter increasing competition in the region and capitalise on scale in order to become the main bank for more businesses, customers and partners in the Baltics.

Nordea and DNB will have equal voting rights over the combined bank, while having different economic ownership levels that reflect the relative equity value of their contribution to the combined bank at the time of closing. The transaction is conditional upon regulatory approvals and conditions, and is expected to close in or around the second quarter of 2017. The banks will operate independently until all necessary approvals have been received.

Risk and Capital Management

Risk Management

The primary aim of risk management in the DNB Group is to achieve an optimal balance between the DNB Group's risk of losses and its earnings potential in a long-term perspective. Risk management implies that profitability is considered relative to risk, while ensuring that the DNB Group is secured against unintentional risk. Healthy risk management is based on a strong risk culture, which is characterised by a high level of awareness concerning risk and risk management in the organisation. A common risk management framework provides the basis for developing a sound culture and for effective management of the DNB Group.

All managers are responsible for risk within their own area of responsibility. Risk is managed through personal authorisations and risk limits. Risk management functions and the development of risk management tools are undertaken by units which are independent of operations in individual business areas.

As an integral part of the DNB Group, the Bank Group is subject to the DNB Group risk management policies as summarised in this section.

85

Responsibilities and organisation
Risk management in the DNB Group is based on a model with three lines of defence. Key risk management principles are clear goals and strategies, policies and guidelines, as well as an effective operating structure and transparent reporting.
The first line of defence is the operational management's governance and internal control, including processes and activities to reach defined goals relating to operational efficiency, reliable financial reporting and compliance with laws and regulations. The business units own the risk and are responsible for daily risk management within their area. They shall at all times ensure that risk management and risk exposure are within the limits and overarching principles decided by the board of directors.
The second line of defence represents independent functions which monitor and follow up the operational management's governance and internal control. The functions are established to ensure that the first line of defence is properly designed and functions as intended. The second line of defence is responsible for setting the premises for risk management and for coordination across organisational units. The risk management function supervises the implementation of effective risk management in the first line, and is responsible for identification, quantification, analysis and reporting of all risks. The function develops classification models and processes that help business units manage risk. The compliance function ensures that operations are carried out in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Internal control over financial reporting monitors financial risks and accounting issues.
The third line of defence is Group Audit, which reviews and evaluates group management's overall governance and internal control. Group Audit reviews risk management in the first and second lines of defence, and identifies potential improvements in operations by evaluating risk management and internal control. Group Audit is independent of the DNB Group's executive management and reports to the board of directors of DNB ASA.
Board o fDirectors
The board of directors of DNB ASA carries responsibility for ensuring that the DNB Group is adequately capitalised relative to the risk and scope of operations, and that capital requirements stipulated in laws and regulations are met. The board of directors of DNB ASA sets long-term targets for the DNB Group's risk profile through the risk appetite framework. The board of directors continually monitors the DNB Group's capital situation.
The board of directors of DNB ASA annually reviews the DNB Group's principal risk areas and internal control. The review, which is based on reporting from the group chief executive, aims to document the quality of the work performed in key risk areas and to identify any weaknesses and needs for improvement. The boards of directors of DNB Bank ASA, and other significant subsidiaries annually evaluate the companies' key risk areas and internal control.
The Risk Management Committee monitors the DNB Group's internal control and risk management systems, and makes sure that they function effectively. In addition, the committee advises the board of directors with respect to the DNB Group's risk profile, including the future risk appetite and strategy. Advice to the board of directors may include strategies for capital and liquidity management, credit risk, market risk, operational risk, risk related to compliance and reputation, as well as other risks within the DNB Group. The committee makes preparations for the board's monitoring of risk management within the DNB Group, which includes reviewing and assessing group management's risk reporting.
The Audit Committee evaluates the quality of the work performed by Group Audit and the statutory auditors, and shall ensure that the DNB Group has independent and effective external and internal audit procedures, as well as a satisfactory financial reporting in compliance with laws and regulations. The Audit Committee considers and submits a recommendation regarding the choice of statutory auditor for the DNB Group and the statutory auditor's remuneration. The committee assesses and monitors the independence of the auditor. The committee also supervises the financial reporting process, and reviews the statutory audit of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts. The committee makes preparations for the board's monitoring of the financial reporting process, and also reviews and assesses the DNB Group's financial reports.
86

Group chief executive and executive bodies
The group chief executive is responsible for implementing risk management measures that help achieve targets for operations set by the board of directors of DNB ASA, including the development of effective management systems and internal control. The group management meeting is the group chief executive's collegiate body for management at group level. All important decisions concerning risk and capital management will generally be made in consultation with the group management team. Authorisations must be in place for the extension of credit and for position and trading limits in all critical financial areas. All authorisations are personal. Authorisations are determined by the board of directors of DNB ASA, along with overall limits, and can be delegated in the organisation, though any further delegation must be approved and followed up by the relevant person's immediate superior.
A number of advisory bodies have been established to assist in preparing documentation and implementing monitoring and control within various specialist areas.
Group Risk Management
Group Risk Management is the central, independent risk management unit in DNB Group. The entity is headed by the DNB Group's chief risk officer (the "CRO"), who reports directly to the group chief executive. The CRO sets the premises for risk taking and internal control, and assesses and reports the DNB Group's risk situation. The majority of the DNB Group's risk entities are organised in Group Risk Management.
Divisions have been established in Group Risk Management with group-wide responsibility for credit risk, market and liquidity risk, operational risk, model development and stress testing, validation, risk reporting and analysis, compliance and anti-money laundering ("AML")/sanctions. There are requirements for impartiality and independence in risk management, and all units with special functions within risk management shall as a rule be independent and have high integrity. Good interaction between risk functions and business operations is nevertheless a prerequisite for the development of a good risk culture. Operative risk management is organised in the business areas.
Compliance
The compliance function is an independent function which identifies, evaluates, gives advice on, monitors and reports on the DNB Group's compliance risk. The function is headed by the DNB Group compliance officer (the "GCO") who reports to the board of directors via the group chief executive. All business areas and support units, as well as large subsidiaries and international entities, have a compliance function with responsibility for ensuring compliance with relevant regulations. The compliance functions in international entities and the DNB Group's operations in the Baltics and Poland report directly to the GCO. The responsibility for ethics in the DNB Group is also organised under the compliance function.
Audit
Independent and effective audits help ensure satisfactory risk management and internal controls as well as reliable financial reporting. Group Audit receives its instructions from the board of directors of DNB ASA, which also approves the department's annual plans and budgets.
Group Audit should verify that adequate and effective risk management and internal control are in place. DNB Group audit should also assess whether risk identification, established management processes and control measures effectively contribute to strengthening the DNB Group's ability to reach targets.
Risk reporting
According to the DNB Group policy on risk management, the DNB Group aims to maintain a low risk profile and will only assume risk which is comprehensible and possible to follow up. The DNB Group is committed not to offer products or services or perform other acts which entail a significant risk of contributing to unethical conduct, the infringement of human or labour rights, corruption or serious environmental harm.
87

Group policy for risk management
The board of directors of DNB ASA has approved the group policy for risk management, which should serve as a guide for the DNB Group's overall risk management and describes the ambitions for attitudes to and work on risk in the DNB Group. The risk management policy is a common framework for risk management in all units in the DNB Group.
The board of directors has also approved group policies for compliance and ethics, which are also owned by the CRO.
All activity in the DNB Group involves risk. The ability to manage risk is the core of financial activity and a prerequisite for value creation over time. According to the DNB Group policy on risk management, the DNB Group aims to maintain a low risk profile. The DNB Group shall only assume risk which is understood and can be followed up and shall not be associated with activities that can harm its reputation. There is a clear separation between risk which is taken actively, where return should be maximised, and risk which should be held to an acceptably low level. The culture of the DNB Group shall be characterised by individual responsibility, transparent methods and processes that support good risk management. Risk management shall have good quality and high information value.
Capital Management
Assessment o f risk profile and capital requirements
Pursuant to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act, all companies must at all times have an adequate equity base which takes into account the extent of the company's activities and the risk they involve. Capital adequacy regulations specify a minimum primary capital requirement, which includes credit risk, market risk and operational risk. In addition to meeting the minimum requirement, the DNB Group must satisfy various buffer requirements. The difference between buffer requirements and minimum requirements lies in the consequences of non-compliance. Non-compliance with minimum requirements could result in the Bank being restructured or wound up, while the consequence of non-compliance with buffer requirements is that measures must be implemented to strengthen capitalisation. Non-compliance with buffer requirements will result in restrictions on dividend payments, interest payments on hybrid securities and variable remuneration payments to employees.
According to the DNB Group's capital strategy and dividend policy, the DNB Group aims to be among the best capitalised financial services groups in the Nordic region based on equal calculation principles. Dividends will be determined based on factors such as the need to maintain satisfactory financial strength and developments in external parameters. The Bank's capitalisation guidelines specify a targeted capitalisation level, the frequency of reviews of the Bank's capital situation and the measurement methods to be used, such as risk-adjusted capital and the use of stress tests. The capitalisation guidelines are reviewed each year based on ICAAP and feedback from the authorities through SREP.
In November 2015, DNB Group raised its common equity Tier 1 capital ratio target to minimum 15.0 per cent.by year-end 2016. The long-term target as from year-end 2017 is a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 15.5 per cent. The capitalisation targets are based on the DNB Group's prevailing risk-weighted assets at any given time. Further details on the Bank's, the Bank Group's and the DNB Group's current capital levels and targets are described in "Risk Factors - The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatory framework is undergoing major changes - Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements"
Risk-adjusted capital requirements
The Bank Group quantifies risk by measuring risk-adjusted capital requirements. The quantification of riskadjusted capital is based on statistical probability calculations for the various risk categories on the basis of historical data. As it is impossible to guard against all potential losses, the Bank Group has stipulated that riskadjusted capital should cover 99.97 per cent of potential losses within a one-year horizon. This level is in accordance with an "AA" level rating target for ordinary long-term debt.
88

Risk-adjusted capital and average losses over a normal business cycle are elements in calculations of risk-adjusted return, which is a key financial management parameter in the internal management of the DNB Group. The calculations are included in the financial planning for the business areas and are reported each quarter. Riskadjusted return is a measurement parameter in the pricing model and is reported monthly in automated management systems. Risk-adjusted capital is also used as decision support for risk management.
The similarities between the framework for risk-adjusted capital and the capital adequacy regulations increase as a greater part of the DNB Group's portfolios are reported according to the IRB approach. The underlying risk drivers for credit risk, and in part operational risk, are largely the same. Nevertheless, the confidence levels differ, and risk-adjusted capital provides a more conservative calculation.
The DNB Bank Group quantifies risk-adjusted capital for the following risk categories: credit risk, market risk, operational risk and business risk. A significant diversification or portfolio effect arises when the various risks are considered together, as it is unlikely that all losses will occur at the same time. An economic downturn will normally have a negative effect on most areas, but there will be a diversification effect, as not all areas will be affected equally negatively. The diversification effect between risk categories and business areas implies that the DNB Group's risk-adjusted capital will be lower than if the business areas had been independent companies.
Stress testing
Stress testing is an important tool in assessing the capitalisation of the DNB Group and is also used in financial planning. Stress tests are used in the capital planning process in order to determine how changes in the macroeconomic environment will affect the need for capital. The group management team is involved in developing stress tests and considers actions and strategies based on the results.
The Bank took part in the stress tests of European banks in 2011 and 2014, coordinated by the European Banking Authority (EBA). The stress tests assess European banks' resilience to severe shocks and losses, such as loan losses, market risk and reductions in net interest income, and the resulting effects on the banks' common equity Tier 1 capital ratios. The Bank was also part of the EBA 2016 stress test based on the year-end figures for 2015. The adverse scenario stress test result for the Bank Group showed a materially unchanged CET1 ratio of 14.30 per cent, (a reduction of 0.01 per cent.). There was no change in risk weighted assets between the baseline and adverse scenarios. DNB maintains positive results before dividend during the stress test period (2016 - 2018) which, according to the EBA methodology, gives a stable capital base. The risk exposure amount is also unchanged due to the effects of the Norwegian transitional rule based on the non-risk-sensitive Basel I system.
The ICAAP stress test assumes a significant deterioration of the macroeconomic situation, and shows how the changed conditions could affect the DNB Group's total risk situation, profit performance and capitalisation. A stress scenario based on relevant risk factors is worked out every year. The scenario is reviewed by asset-liability committee and approved by the CRO. The stress test uses the DNB Group's model for risk-adjusted capital to estimate losses.
Risk appetite
The board of directors of DNB ASA sets long-term targets for the DNB Group's risk profile through the risk appetite framework, which was developed in 2012 and taken into use as of 1 January 2013. The risk appetite framework aims to ensure that risk is managed and integrated with the DNB Group's governance processes in a practical, structured, transparent and synchronised manner. The risk appetite framework should provide a holistic and balanced view of the risk in the business. In 2015, the framework consisted of 16 statements which establish targets for risk dimensions and levels. To support the framework a set of governance principles and operational procedures and responsibilities within the DNB Group have been defined. The targeted risk profile will also be reflected in other parts of the risk management framework, including the establishment of authorisations and business limits. The risk appetite framework will be reviewed at least annually. The board of directors also regularly reviews risk levels, the framework structure and the reporting of relevant risk categories.
Limits determined on the basis of the DNB Group's risk appetite are operationalised in the business areas and support units. In the DNB Group's governance system, risk appetite is expressed in the form of target figures for selected indicators. Monitoring risk indicators that reflect the operations they cover enables the DNB Group to ascertain whether risk remains within the targeted level. Risk indicators will typically be expressed as limits (for quantifiable risk) or qualitative assessments of the risk level. They may not necessarily be expressed by using the
89

same measurement parameters as those used for the DNB Group, though they must support the same risk topics and trends. Continual monitoring of these target figures ensures that the risk topics that are defined as the most important are also monitored and discussed in the operative parts of the organisation.

Risk categories

For risk management purposes, the Bank Group distinguishes between the following risk categories:

·

Credit risk (or counterparty risk) is the risk of financial losses due to failure on the part of the Bank

Group's customers (counterparties) to meet their payment obligations towards the Bank Group. Credit

risk refers to all claims against customers/counterparties, principally loans, but also obligations related to

other approved credits, guarantees, fixed-income securities, undrawn credits and interbank deposits, as

well as counterparty risk incurred in connection with derivative trading. In addition, there are significant

elements of counterparty risk in the settlement risk which arises in connection with payment transfers and

the settlement of contracts. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, including risk associated with

large exposures to one and the same customer, concentration within a geographic area or industry or

exposures to homogeneous customer groups. Residual risk is the risk that the collateral provided for a

credit exposure fails to meet expectations.

·

Market risk is the risk of losses due to unhedged positions in the foreign exchange, interest rate,

commodity and equity markets. The risk arises in consequence of fluctuations in profits due to changes in

market prices or exchange rates. Market risk includes both risk that arises through ordinary trading

activities and risk that arises as part of banking activities and other business operations.

·

Operational risk is the risk of losses due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and systems,

human errors or external events. Operational risk also includes compliance risk, which is the risk of

losses caused by violation of laws and regulations or similar obligations, as well as legal risk, which often

arises in connection with the documentation and interpretation of contracts and different legal practices in

locations where the Bank Group has operations.

·

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due, and

the risk that the Bank Group will be unable to meet its liquidity obligations without a substantial rise in

appurtenant costs. Liquidity is vital to financial operations, though this risk category will often be

conditional in the respect that it will not materialise until other events give rise to concern regarding the

Bank Group's ability to meet its obligations.

·

Business risk relates to fluctuations in profits due to changes in external factors such as the market

situation, government regulations or the loss o f income due to a weakened reputation. Reputational risk is

often a consequence of other risk categories. The Bank Group's business risk is primarily handled

through the strategy process and ongoing efforts to safeguard and improve the Bank Group's reputation.

When determining and following up the Bank Group's risk appetite, reputational risk is defined as a

separate risk dimension.

In addition to the above-mentioned risk categories, the Bank Group is exposed to strategic risk, which can be defined as the risk of a decline in profits if the Bank Group fails to exploit existing strategic opportunities. The Bank Group's strategic risk is not measured or reported individually, but is discussed as part of the annual strategy process.

Litigation

Due to its extensive operations in Norway and abroad, the Bank Group will regularly be party to a number oflegal actions. None of the current disputes are expected to have any material impact on the DNB Group's financial position.

The Bank Group is subject to a number o f complaints and disputes relating to structured products and other investment products.

90

The action against seven Norwegian municipalities for the settlement of interest rate swaps on commercial terms was settled in the second quarter of 2015, resulting in a reduction in the Bank's pre-tax operating profit of NOK 159 million. A civil action was brought before a U.S. court of law against DNB Markets Inc. ("Mine") and the other arrangers of a USD 300 million senior note issue in 2010 on behalf of Overseas Shipholding Group. In the third quarter of 2015 the case was settled. Minc's share of the settlement was USD 250,000. On 21 June 2016 the Norwegian Consumer Council instituted legal proceedings against DNB Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DNB ASA offering asset management services. It seeks to institute a class action to pursue compensation up to approximately NOK 690 million in total plus interest for 180,000 current investors and a number of former investors in a fund managed by DNB Asset Management as well as two funds which merged into that fund, with respect to allegations that the funds were charging high fees for active management but were simply tracking an index. DNB Asset Management is vigorously defending the legal action brought by the Norwegian Consumer Council and has, in its reply to Oslo City Court, rejected the allegations. DNB is also arguing that the case should be dismissed as the case does not meet the criteria for class action lawsuits. The Norwegian Consumer Council's legal action may take a considerable time to reach a resolution through the courts and liability o f the DNB Group is uncertain.
91

SHAREHOLDERS, MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES
The Issuer is 100 per cent. owned by DNB ASA. The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2016 the 20 largest shareholders of DNB ASA, the number of shares held by each such shareholder, and the percentage of outstanding shares represented by each shareholding.

Shares Ownership _________________________________________________________________________in 1,000_________ (%)

Norwegian Government/Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries.........................

553,792

34.00

DNB Savings Bank Foundation.................................................................................

152,564

9.37

Folketrygdfondet........................................................................................................

105,611

6.48

Fidelity International Limited (FIL)..........................................................................

51,472

3.16

MFS Investment Management...................................................................................

44,257

2.72

BlackRock..................................................................................................................

34,862

2.14

T. Rowe Price Group.................................................................................................

28,462

1.75

Schroder Investment ..................................................................................................

28,426

1.75

The Vanguard Group.................................................................................................

23,009

1.41

Newton Investment Management / BNY Mellon......................................................

22181

1.36

Henderson Global Investors......................................................................................

21,339

131

State Street Global Advisors ......................................................................................

19,942

1.22

DNB Asset Management ...........................................................................................

18,550

1.14

SAFE Investment Company......................................................................................

17,587

1.08

Storebrand Asset Management..................................................................................

16,511

1.01

KLP Asset Management............................................................................................

16,032

0.98

BNP Paribas Investment / Alfred Berg......................................................................

15,201

0.93

Danske Capital ............................................................................................................

14,763

0.91

The Capital Group ......................................................................................................

13,150

0.81

Handelsbanken Asset Management...........................................................................

12,222_________ 0.75

Total largest shareholders........................................................................................ Other shareholders......................................................................................................

1,209,932 418,867

74.28 25.72

T o t a l...........................................................................................................................

1,628,799_______ 100.00

1) The owners of shares in nominee accounts are determined on the basis of third-party analysis.

Board of Directors
Responsibilities and organisation
The Board of Directors establishes, plans and budgets for the Bank's business, remains informed of the Bank's financial position and ensures that the Bank's business, its accounts and the management of its assets and liabilities are subject to adequate control. In order to perform its responsibilities, the Board of Directors must make such inquiries as it considers necessary, and must also supervise the day-to-day management of the Bank and its business in general. In accordance with the Bank's articles of association, the Board of Directors must consist of up to four members, three of whom are elected by the shareholders and two of whom are representatives

92

for the employees. Moreover, the employees have the right to appoint an observer to the Board. Members are elected for terms of up to two years. The Chairman and Vice-chairman are elected separately by the annual general meeting for a term of up to two years. The current Chairman is Anne Carine Tanum and the current Vice chairman is Jarle Bergo. Set forth below are details regarding the members of the Bank's Board of Directors:
The members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are as follows:

Name Anne Carine Tanum Jarle Bergo Kim Wahl Lillian Hattrem
Tore Muller Andresen
Eli Solhaug
Marianne Haldis Steinsbu

Current position
Chairman
Vice-chairman
Member
Member employee representative
Deputy for employee representative
Observer - employee representative
Deputy observer employee representative

Member since 1999 2011 2013 2016
2016
2016
2016

End of current term 2018 2018 2017 2017
2017
2017
2017

The business address of the Board of Directors is c/o DNB ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 Oslo, Norway.

The Bank does not consider the principal activities outside the Bank of any of the persons listed in the table above to be significant with respect to the Bank.

Board committees
The DNB ASA board of directors has established an Audit committee, a Risk Management committee and a Compensation committee. The DNB Bank Group's operations are within the purview of both of these committees.

Audit committee

The audit committee assists the Board of Directors of the Bank in fulfilling its supervisory responsibilities by, among other things, monitoring the Bank's financial reporting process, the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems established by the board of directors of the Bank, the CEO and the Bank's management and the effectiveness of the Bank's internal audit function. The audit committee is further accountable for keeping itself informed as to the statutory audit of the annual and consolidated accounts and reviewing and monitoring the impartiality and independence of the external auditors and in particular the provision of additional services. In addition, the audit committee is accountable for the guidance and evaluation of the Bank's internal audit function.

Risk Management committee

The risk management committee monitors the Bank Group's internal control and risk management systems, as well as the internal audit, and makes sure that they function effectively. In addition, the committee advises the Board of Directors with respect to the Bank Group's risk profile, including the Bank Group's current and future risk appetite and strategy. Advice to the Board of Directors may include strategies for capital and liquidity management, credit risk, market risk, operational risk and risk related to compliance and reputation, as well as other risks within the Bank Group. The committee assists the Board of Directors with risk monitoring and management within the Bank Group, which includes reviewing and assessing Bank Group management's risk reporting. The committee's particular focus is on the Group's capitalisation (ICAAP), significant changes in models for calculating risk-adjusted capital and risk-adjusted returns, as well as monitoring of risk limits and strategies.

93

Compensation committee
The compensation committee is responsible for preparing and presenting proposals on compensation issues to the Board of Directors. When preparing such proposals, the compensation committee takes into account the long-term interests of shareholders, investors and other stakeholders in the Bank. The duties of the compensation committee include preparing proposals regarding the Bank's compensation policy and underlying instructions and guidelines for compensation of the executive officers to be decided by the annual general meeting of shareholders. Furthermore, the committee prepares proposals regarding the compensation of the CEO, other members of the Bank's management as well as the Chief Audit Executive and, based on the proposal by the CEO, of the Group Compliance Officer and the Head of Group Credit Control. The compensation committee follows up annually, at minimum, on the application of the Bank's compensation policy and underlying instructions through an independent review by the Group Internal Audit as well as an assessment of the Bank's compensation policy and compensation system with the participation of the appropriate Group Control Functions. The compensation committee also has the duty to annually monitor, evaluate and report to the board of directors on Programmes of variable compensation for members of the Bank management as well as on the application of the guidelines for compensation of executive officers. At the request of the Board of Directors, the compensation committee also prepares other issues for the consideration of the board of directors.
Bank Management
Responsibilities and organisation
The Bank's executive management team consists of the members set out below. The CEO is appointed at a joint meeting of the Board of Directors and is responsible for the Bank's day-to-day management. Responsibility for the management of the Bank is distributed among the business areas. The table below sets out the name, current position, year of appointment and business address for each of the members of the executive management team.

Name Rune Bjerke Bjørn Erik Næss
*
Kjerstin Braathen Trond Bentestuen Benedicte Schilbred Fasmer Rune Garborg
Harald Serck-Hanssen Ottar Ertzeid Tom Rathke Solveig Hellebust Liv Fiksdahl Thomas Midteide Kari Olrud Moen

Current position
CEO
CFO
CFO-elect
Group executive vice-president Personal Banking Norway
Group executive vice-president Corporate Banking Norway
Group executive vice-president Vipps and Payments
Group executive vice-president Large Corporations and International
Group executive vice-president DNB Markets
Group executive vice-president Wealth Management
Group executive vice-president HR
Group executive vice-president IT and operations
Group executive vice-president Corporate communications
Group executive vice-president Products

Year of appointment 2007 2008
>k
2013/2017 2013 2016 2016 2013 2003 2013 2009 2013 2013 2013

94

Name Terje Tumes

Current position
Group executive vice president Risk Management

Year of appointment 2015

* On 26 September 2016, the Bank announced that Kjerstin Braathen has been appointed as CFO with effect from 1 March 2017, at which time Bjørn Erik Næss will retire. Kjerstin has been part of the executive management team since 2013 when she was appointed to her former position as group executive vice-president and head of Corporate Banking Norway.

The business address for each of the members of the executive management team of the Bank is c/o DNB ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 Oslo, Norway.

Conflicts

The Bank is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of each of the persons listed above under the headings, "Board of Directors" and "Bank Management" and his/her private interests or other duties.

95

TAXATION
Prospective purchasers o fNotes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the tax consequences under the tax laws o f the country o f which they are resident o f a purchase o f Notes, including, but not limited to, the consequences o f receipts o f interest and sale or redemption o fNotes.
The following descriptions are general summaries of certain taxation matters based on applicable law and practice currently in effect in the relevant jurisdictions. Nothing in this section constitutes tax, legal or financial advice, and the summaries contained herein are o f a general nature and do not cover all aspects of taxation in the relevant jurisdictions that may be relevant to any particular holder o f Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications for them o f an investment in the Notes.
NORWEGIAN TAXATION
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued to persons who have no connection with Norway other than the holding of such Notes issued by the Issuer are, under present Norwegian law, not subject to Norwegian tax, and may hence be made without any withholding tax or deduction for any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges.
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of such Notes by persons who have no connection with Norway other than the holding of the Notes are not, under present Norwegian law, subject to Norwegian taxes or duties.
Under present Norwegian law (i) no Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty is payable in connection with the issues of the Notes and (ii) the Notes will not be subject to any Norwegian estate duties.
Persons considered domiciled in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to Norwegian income tax of a flat rate of 25 per cent. on interest received in respect of the Notes. In a tax settlement between the Norwegian government and the opposition political parties dated 4 May 2016, consensus was reached that that the corporate tax income rate should be reduced to 23 per cent by 2018. Likewise, capital gains or profits realised by such persons on the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Norwegian taxation.
Following the Norwegian Government's proposal for a tax reform which was announced on 7 October 2015, the finance committee of the Norwegian Parliament reached agreement on 4 May 2016 that a new tax will be introduced for the added value of financial services (finansskatt) from 2017. No details have been published, and the form in which the tax will be imposed will not be presented before publication of the national budget in October 2016.
IRELAND TAXATION
THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY BASED ON THE LAWS AND PRACTICES CURRENTLY IN FORCE IN IRELAND OF IRISH WITHHOLDING TAX ON INTEREST AND ADDRESSES THE TAX POSITION OF INVESTORS WHO ARE THE ABSOLUTE BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE NOTES. PARTICULAR RULES NOT DISCUSSED BELOW MAY APPLY TO CERTAIN CLASSES OF TAXPAYERS HOLDING NOTES, INCLUDING DEALERS IN SECURITIES AND TRUSTS. THE SUMMARY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE AND THE COMMENTS BELOW ARE OF A GENERAL NATURE ONLY AND IT DOES NOT DISCUSS ALL ASPECTS OF IRISH TAXATION THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO ANY PARTICULAR HOLDER OF NOTES. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS ON THE TAX IMPLICATIONS OF THE PURCHASE, HOLDING, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF THE NOTES AND THE RECEIPT OF PAYMENTS THEREON UNDER THE LAWS OF THEIR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE, CITIZENSHIP OR DOMICILE.
96

Withholding Tax
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on the Notes may be treated as having an Irish source if:
a) the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or
b) the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which is used to fund the payments on the Notes; or
c) the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is maintained in Ireland or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in Ireland.
It is anticipated that, (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the Issuer will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) payments under the Notes will not be derived from Irish sources or assets; and (iv) bearer Notes will not be physically located in Ireland and the Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered Notes in Ireland.
Encashment Tax
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland for payment to any person who is Irish resident.
Encashment tax does not apply where the holder of the Notes is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank.
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced apply to certain dealings in financial instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt.
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional European Union Member States may decide to participate.
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
97

SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in a Subscription Agreement dated 14 October 2016 (the "Subscription Agreement") between DNB Bank ASA as Issuer and DNB Bank ASA, Goldman Sachs International, Merrill Lynch International, Nomura International plc and UBS Limited as joint lead managers (together, the "Managers"), the Issuer has agreed to issue to the Managers and the Managers have jointly and severally agreed to purchase or find purchasers for the Notes. The Issuer has, pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement, agreed to pay the Managers certain commissions and to reimburse certain of their expenses in connection with their appointment as Managers, and has agreed to indemnify the Managers against certain liabilities incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes.
United Kingdom
Each of the Managers has represented, warranted and agreed that:
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
United States The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Each of the Managers has represented and agreed that it will not offer or sell the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Closing Date (the "distribution compliance period"), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will send to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). The Notes will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
98

General No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by any Manager or the Issuer that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering documents or any amendment or supplement thereto or any other offering or publicity material relating to the Notes, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each of the Managers has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Manager shall have any responsibility therefor. The Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to retail clients in the EEA, as defined in the rules set out in the PI Rules, other than in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of those rules by any person. Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors'"on page 3 of this Prospectus for further information.
99

GENERAL INFORMATION
1. Approval, listing and admission to trading
The Central Bank has approved this document as a prospectus for the purposes of Article 5.3 of the Prospectus Directive. Application has also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Main Securities Market and to be listed on the Official List. The Main Securities Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC. The total fees and expenses in connection with the admission of the Notes to trading on the Main Securities Market are expected to be approximately 4,790.
2. Authorisation
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The issue of the Notes was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors passed on 9 December 2015.
3. Documents available
For as long as any of the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange, physical copies of the following documents may be inspected at and will be available, upon request, free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying and Transfer Agents (where applicable, with an English translation thereof):
3.1. the constitutional documents of the Issuer;
3.2. this Prospectus and any amendment or supplement hereto (if any, to the extent published after the date hereof);
3.3. the Fiscal Agency Agreement (which includes the forms of Global Certificate and Note Certificate);
3.4. the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2015 and 31 December 2014, in each case together with the auditors' report thereon;
3.5. the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of DNB ASA for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2015 and 31 December 2014, in each case together with the auditors' report thereon;
3.6. the unaudited consolidated and non-consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the three-month and six-month periods ended 30 June 2016; and
3.7. the unaudited consolidated and non-consolidated interim financial statements of DNB ASA for the three-month and six-month periods ended 30 June 2016.
In addition, this Prospectus will be published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange (www.ise.ie).
4. Clearing systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The ISIN of the Notes is XS1506066676 and the Common Code is 150606667.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
100

5. Material change Since 31 December 2015 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or DNB ASA and, since 30 June 2016, there has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer, the Bank Group, DNB ASA or the DNB Group.
6. Litigation Save as disclosed in "Description o f the Issuer and the DNB Group - Litigation", neither the Issuer nor any member of the DNB Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, the Bank Group or the DNB Group.
7. Independent auditors Ernst & Young AS ("Ernst & Young") of Dronning Eufemias gate 6, P.O. Box 20, NO-0051 Oslo, Norway, audited the financial statements of the Issuer and DNB ASA in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2015 and 31 December 2014 without qualification. Ernst & Young is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants.
8. Listing Agent Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the listing of the Notes on the Irish Stock Exchange and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange or to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive.
9. Managers transacting with the DNB Group In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Managers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Managers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Managers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Managers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
101

REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
DNB Bank ASA Dronning Eufemias gt 30
NO-0021 Oslo Norway

JOINT LEAD MANAGERS

DNB Bank ASA Dronning Eufemias gt 30
NO-0021 Oslo Norway

Goldman Sachs International Peterborough Court 133 Fleet Street London EC4A 2BB United Kingdom

Merrill Lynch International 2 King Edward Street London EC1A 1HQ United Kingdom

Nomura International plc 1 Angel Lane
London EC4R 3AB United Kingdom

UBS Limited 5 Broadgate London EC2M 2QS United Kingdom

FISCAL AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT AND AGENT BANK
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 13th Floor
Citigroup Centre Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5LB United Kingdom

REGISTRAR AND PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG Germany Agency and Trust Department Reuterweg 16 60323 Frankfurt Germany

LEGAL ADVISERS

To the Issuer as to English law
Allen and Overy LLP One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD United Kingdom

To the Issuer as to Norwegian law
DNB Bank ASA, Legal Department Dronning Eufemias gate 30 NO-0021 Oslo Norway

To the Managers as to English law
Clifford Chance LLP 10 Upper Bank Street
London E14 5JJ United Kingdom

To the Managers as to Norwegian law
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS PO Box 1400 Vika N-0115 Oslo Norway

IRISH LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited Arthur Cox Building Earlsfort Terrace Dublin 2 Ireland
AUDITORS
Ernst & Young AS Dronning Eufemias gate 6
Oslo Atrium P.O. Box 20 NO-0051 Oslo
Norway

