Swedbank(§«"

Swedbank AB (publ)
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden)
U.S.$500,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Additional Tier 1 Convertible Notes
The U.S.$500,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Additional Tier 1 Convertible Notes (the "Notes") will be issued by Swedbank AB (publ) (the "Issuer"). Subject as provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", the Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, as described in Condition 2 (Status) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
The Notes will bear interest, payable semi-annually in arrear on 17 March and 17 September in each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), from (and including) 16 December 2016 (the "Issue Date") to (but excluding) 17 March 2022 (the "First Call Date") at the rate of 6.000 per cent. per annum. There will be a short first Interest Period. The first payment of interest will be made on 17 March 2017 in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date. The rate of interest will reset on the First Call Date and on each Reset Date (as defined in Condition 19 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). See Condition 3 (Interest) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
Interest on the Notes is due and payable only at the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, and the Issuer shall have sole and absolute discretion at all times to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be due and payable on any Interest Payment Date. Interest may also be deemed to have been so cancelled in certain circumstances and the Issuer will also be obliged to cancel interest in certain circumstances. See Condition 4 (Interest Cancellation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption and holders of the Notes ("Noteholders") do not have the right to call for their redemption. Subject as provided herein, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on the First Call Date or on any Reset Date thereafter at their principal amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled). Subject as provided herein, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time at their principal amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled) upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or Capital Event (each as defined in Condition 19 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). Any such redemption is subject to certain conditions. See Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
If at any time a Capital Event or a Tax Event occurs, the Issuer may either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of the Notes accordingly, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they remain or become Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities (as defined in Condition 19 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). See Condition 15 (Substitution or Variation instead of Redemption).
If the CET1 Ratio (as defined in Condition 19 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of either the Issuer or the Group (as defined in Condition 19 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") falls below 5.125 per cent. or 8.00 per cent. respectively (a "Trigger Event"), the Notes will be automatically converted into Conversion Shares at the Conversion Price (each as defined in Condition 19 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). See Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
This Offering Circular does not comprise a prospectus for the purposes of Article 5.3 of Directive 2003/71/EC as amended (which includes the amendments made by Directive 2010/73/EU to the extent that such amendments have been implemented in a relevant Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA")).
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc (the "Irish Stock Exchange") for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange. This Offering Circular constitutes listing particulars for the purpose of such application and has been approved by the Irish Stock Exchange.
The Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to retail clients in the EEA, as defined in the rules set out in the Product Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015 (as amended or replaced from time to time) other than in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of those rules by any person. Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors" on page 2 of this Offering Circular for further information.
The Notes and any Conversion Shares to be delivered following the occurrence of a Trigger Event have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to non U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of the Notes and on the distribution of this Offering Circular and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".
The Notes are expected to be rated BBB by Standard & Poor's Credit Markets Services Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") and Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's"). Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody's is established in the European Union (the "EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Offering Circular. This list is available on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
The Notes will initially be in the form of a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons ("Coupons"), which will be deposited on or around the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/Nv ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes"), without Coupons, on or after 26 January 2017 (the "Exchange Date"), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") only in certain limited circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note. Definitive Notes will have attached Coupons and, if necessary, talons ("Talons") for further Coupons - see "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form".
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors" below.
Sole Structuring Adviser
HSBC
Joint Lead Managers

BNP PARIBAS HSBC Swedbank

The date of this Offering Circular is 14 December 2016

Citigroup J.P. Morgan UBS Investment Bank

IMPORTANT NOTICE

Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors

The Notes discussed in this Offering Circular are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail investors.

In particular, in June 2015, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") published the Product Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015 which took effect on 1 October 2015. Under the rules set out in the PI Instrument (as amended or replaced from time to time, the "PI Rules"), certain contingent write-down or convertible securities (including any beneficial interests therein), such as the Notes must not be sold to retail clients in the EEA; and there must not be any communication or approval of an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite such securities (or the beneficial interest in such securities) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail client in the EEA (in each case, within the meaning of the PI Rules), other than in accordance with the limited exemptions set out in the PI Rules. Each of BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Swedbank AB (publ) (in its capacity as a joint lead manager) and UBS Limited (together, the "Joint Lead Managers") is required to comply with the PI Rules. In addition, by purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes from the Issuer and/or the Joint Lead Managers, each prospective investor in relation to the Notes represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Joint Lead Managers that:

(i)

it is not a retail client in the EEA (as defined in the PI Rules);

(ii)

whether or not it is subject to the PI Rules, it will not sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interests

therein) to retail clients in the EEA or communicate (including the distribution of this Offering Circular)

or approve an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Notes (or any

beneficial interests therein) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in

such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail client in the EEA (in each case within the meaning

of the PI Rules), other than (i) in relation to any sale of or offer tosell Notes to a retail client in or

resident in the United Kingdom, in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention

of the PI Rules by any person and/or (ii) in relation to any sale of or offer to sell Notes to a retail client

in any EEA member state other than the United Kingdom, where (a) it has conducted an assessment

and concluded that the relevant retail client understands the risks of an investment in the Notes and is

able to bear the potential losses involved in an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interests

therein) and (b) it has at all times acted in relation to such sale or offer in compliance with the Markets

in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC) ("MiFID") to the extent it applies to it or, to the extent

MiFID does not apply to it, in a manner which would be in compliance with MiFID if it were to apply to

it; and

(iii)

it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside

or outside the EEA) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the Notes, including

any such laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the appropriateness

and/or suitability of an investment in the Notes by investors in any relevant jurisdiction.

Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes from the Issuer and/or the Joint Lead Managers the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding upon both the agent and its underlying client.

1

Other important information
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. References herein to this "Offering Circular" are to this document, including the documents incorporated by reference.
This Offering Circular contains information sourced from third parties - including Statistics Sweden, Euroclear Sweden AB, the Estonian Central Bank, the Association of Commercial Banks of Latvia, the Financial and Capital Market Commission (Latvia) and the Association of Lithuanian Banks - where indicated with references to third party sources herein. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with any amendment or supplement hereto and all information which is deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference"). This Offering Circular shall be read and construed on the basis that such information is incorporated and forms part of this Offering Circular.
The Issuer has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the Issuer or the Notes other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or in any other document prepared in connection with the Offering Circular or the Notes approved for such purpose by the Issuer. Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Joint Lead Managers or the Fiscal Agent (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes").
None of this Offering Circular, any financial statements and any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation of the Issuer. This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Joint Lead Managers or any of them that any recipient of this Offering Circular should subscribe for or purchase the Notes. Each recipient of this Offering Circular shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer.
This Offering Circular is to be used by the recipient hereof solely in connection with evaluating an investment in the Notes and for no other purpose. Copies of this Offering Circular and any related offering documents must not be mailed or otherwise distributed or transmitted in or into the United States.
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular, nor the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or supplemented. No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Joint Lead Managers or any of their respective affiliates or the Fiscal Agent, and neither the Joint Lead Managers nor any of their respective affiliates nor the Fiscal Agent makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Notes.
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Joint Lead Managers nor the Fiscal Agent represents that this Offering Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain
2

restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of the Notes and on the distribution of this Offering Circular and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". This Offering Circular may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.

The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor of the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisors, whether it:

(a)

has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits

and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this

Offering Circular or any applicable supplement to this Offering Circular including, but not limited to,

any taxation issues related to purchasing and/or holding the Notes;

(b)

has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its

particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on

its overall investment portfolio;

(c)

has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes,

including where the currency for principal or interest payments, i.e. U.S. dollars, is different from the

currency in which such potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated;

(d)

understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant

indices and financial markets; and

(e)

is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for

economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the

applicable risks.

Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

In this Offering Circular, references to websites or uniform resource locators ("URLs") are inactive textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Offering Circular.

All references in this Offering Circular to "EUR", "euro" and "" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to "U.S. dollars", "USD", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars and references to "SEK" or "Krona" refer to Swedish Krona.

3

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1

Overview of the Notes...........................................................................................................................5

2

Risk Factors......................................................................................................................................... 10

3

Information Incorporated by Reference...............................................................................................42

4

Terms and Conditions..........................................................................................................................43

5

Use of Proceeds..................................................................................................................................73

6

Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form.................................................. 74

7

Swedbank............................................................................................................................................77

8

Risk Management................................................................................................................................86

9

Capital Management............................................................................................................................92

10 Market Information...............................................................................................................................97

11

Description of the Shares....................................................................................................................98

12 Taxation............................................................................................................................................. 102

13 Subscription and Sale........................................................................................................................104

14 General Information........................................................................................................................... 106

IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES, HSBC BANK PLC AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISATION MANAGER) MAY OVER ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE STABILISATION MANAGER (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISATION MANAGER) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

4

1

Overview of the Notes

The following description of the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of the Offering Circular. Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Offering Circular shall have the same meanings in this description of key features of the Notes. References to a numbered "Condition" shall be to the relevant Condition in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

Issuer:

Swedbank AB (publ)

Sole Structuring Adviser:

HSBC Bank plc

Joint Lead Managers:

BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Swedbank AB (publ) and UBS Limited

Fiscal Agent:

Citibank, N.A., London Branch

Paying Agent:

Citibank, N.A., London Branch

Paying and Conversion Agent:

Citibank, N.A., London Branch

Issue Date:

16 December 2016

First Call Date:

17 March 2022

Maturity:

The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption. The Issuer may only redeem the Notes in the circumstances described herein.

Issue Price:

100.00 per cent.

Status:

Unless previously converted into Conversion Shares pursuant to Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism), the Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer and will further entail an obligation for the Noteholders to have their Notes converted into Ordinary Shares as set forth in Chapter 15 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551) and in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders in respect of or arising from the Notes (including any accrued but uncancelled interest or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if any are payable) shall rank:

(A)

junior in right of payments to the payment of any present or

future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) other

unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, and (c) subordinated

creditors of the Issuer in respect of Subordinated

Indebtedness other than Parity Securities and Junior

Securities which comprise Subordinated Indebtedness;

(B)

pari passu without any preference among themselves;

5

(C)

at least pari passu with payments to holders of present or

future outstanding Parity Securities; and

(D)

in priority to payments to holders of present or future

outstanding Junior Securities.

Interest and Interest Payment Dates:

The Notes will bear interest, payable semi-annually in arrear on 17 March and 17 September in each year, at the relevant Rate of Interest. There will be a short first interest period. The first payment of interest will be made on 17 March 2017 in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 17 March 2017.

The Rate of Interest will reset on the First Call Date and on each Reset Date thereafter. See Condition 3 (Interest).

Interest Cancellation:

Interest on the Notes will be due and payable only at the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, and the Issuer shall have sole and absolute discretion at all times to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be payable on any Interest Payment Date. If the Issuer does not make an interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date (or if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, but not all, of such interest payment), such non payment shall evidence the Issuer's exercise of its discretion to cancel such interest payment (or the portion of such interest payment not paid), and accordingly such interest payment (or the portion thereof not paid) shall not be due and payable. The Issuer will also be obliged to cancel interest in certain circumstances. See Condition 4 (Interest Cancellation).

Optional Redemption by the Issuer on the First Call Date or any Reset Date thereafter:

Subject to Condition 6(e) (Conditions to Redemption), Condition 6(f) (Notice for redemption) and Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on any Optional Redemption Date at their principal amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed to be cancelled in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest Cancellation)).

Optional Redemption by the Issuer upon the Occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital Event:

Subject to Condition 6(e) (Conditions to Redemption), Condition 6(f) (Notice for redemption) and Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event), upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital Event, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount, together with accrued interest (which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed to be cancelled in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest Cancellation)).

Loss absorption:

If a Trigger Event occurs at any time, an Automatic Conversion will be deemed to have occurred at such time, and the Notes will be converted into Conversion Shares at the Conversion Price as described in Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism).

Following any such Automatic Conversion:

(A)

the principal amount of the Notes will be written down to zero

and, accordingly, the principal amount of the Notes shall

equal zero at all times thereafter;

6

(B)

any interest in respect of an Interest Period ending on any

Interest Payment Date falling on or after the Conversion

Date shall be automatically cancelled and shall not be due

and payable;

(C)

no Noteholder will have any rights against the Issuer with

respect to the repayment of the principal amount of the

Notes or the payment of interest or any other amount on or

in respect of such Notes, which obligations and liabilities of

the Issuer shall be irrevocably and automatically released;

and

(D)

subject to the last paragraph of Condition 5(d) (Settlement

Procedure), the Issuer's only obligations and liabilities under

the Notes shall be an obligation to deliver Conversion

Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary on behalf of the

Noteholders on the Registration Date in accordance with

Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism).

See Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism).

Conversion Price:

The Conversion Price will be, if the Ordinary Shares are:

(a)

then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the

greater of:

(i)

the Current Market Price of an Ordinary Share on

the Conversion Date converted into USD at the

then Prevailing Exchange Rate; and

(ii)

the Floor Price on the Conversion Date; or

(b)

not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange,

the Floor Price on the Conversion Date.

The Floor Price is set at U.S.$15.70 and is subject to adjustment thereafter in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Adjustment of Floor Price), provided that the Floor Price shall not be less than the quota value (Sw; kvotvärde) of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Automatic Conversion translated into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate.

Settlement Procedure:

Subject to the last paragraph of Condition 5(d) (Settlement Procedure) , the obligation of the Issuer to issue and deliver Conversion Shares to a Noteholder shall be satisfied by the delivery of the Conversion Shares in respect of the Note(s) of such Noteholder to the Settlement Shares Depositary on the Registration Date.

See Condition 5(d) (Settlement Procedure) .

Negative Pledge:

None

Cross Default:

None

Winding-up, Non-payment, Breach of Enforcement events and related remedies will be limited to the

7

Obligations, Remedies:

occurrence of a Winding-up Event and to non-payment in the limited circumstances described in Condition 10(b) (Non-payment). See Condition 10 (Winding-Up, Non-payment, Breach of Obligations, Remedies). An Automatic Conversion shall not constitute an enforcement event, as described in Condition 10 (Winding-Up, Non payment, Breach of Obligations, Remedies) or a breach of the Issuer's obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or a failure to perform in any matter whatsoever and shall not entitle Noteholders to petition for the insolvency or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise.

Meetings of Modifications:

Noteholders

and The Notes and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

Taxation:

Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall ((i) subject to the exceptions set out in Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) to the extent such payment can be made out of Distributable Items which are available mutatis mutandis in accordance with Condition 4(b) (Restriction on Interest Payments)) pay in respect of payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount) such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required.

Form of the Notes:

The Notes will be issued in bearer form and will initially be in the form of the Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, which will be deposited on or around the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests in the Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, on or after the Exchange Date, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes only in certain limited circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note. See "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

Substitution or Variation:

If at any time a Capital Event or a Tax Event occurs, the Issuer may either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they remain or become Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities. See Condition 15 (Substitution or Variation instead of Redemption) .

Denominations:

The Notes will be issued in the denominations of U.S.$200,000.

8

Listing and Admission to Trading:

Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange.

Irish Listing Agent:

Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited

Governing Law:

The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be governed by English law, except that the provisions of Condition 2 (Status) and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with Condition 2 (Status), the conversion (if any) of the Notes into Conversion Shares and any Compulsory Acquisition Proceedings will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Sweden.

Enforcement of the Notes in Global Form:

In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant to be dated 16 December 2016, a copy of which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.

Selling Restrictions:

There are certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering materials in the United States of America, the United Kingdom and Canada, see "Subscription and Sale".

9

2

Risk Factors

Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. If any of the risks described below materialise, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and the trading price and liquidity of our Notes could decline, in which case you could lose some or all of the value of your investment. In addition, if certain of these risks or a combination of some of these risks materialise, interest payments on the Notes may be cancelled or the Notes may be mandatorily converted into shares as a result of a significant deterioration in our financial condition leading to additional losses in the value of your investment.

Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Offering Circular have the same meanings in this section.

References herein to the quarterly numbers for the nine month period ended 30 September 2016 are references to unaudited numbers.

2.1

Risks Relating to Swedbank

2.1.1

Worsening economic conditions in the countries where the Issuer and its subsidiaries (the "Swedbank Group") operate may adversely impact the Swedbank Group and are likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur.

The Swedbank Group's performance is significantly influenced by the general ec onomic conditions in the countries in which it operates, in particular its primary markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, and, to a lesser degree, Norway. In 2013, Swedbank sold its operations in Russia and Ukraine, which had been severely hit by the economic downturn. The economic situation in all of the countries in which the Swedbank Group operates has in recent years been adversely affected in various ways by weakening economic conditions and the turmoil in the global financial markets. These countries have in the past few years experienced periods of declining economic growth or recessions, increasing rates of unemployment, and, in the case of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania (together, the "Baltic countries"), decreasing lending volumes as well as decreasing asset values. A more aggressive Russian foreign policy and the planning of a new Russian gas line in the Baltic sea has raised the geopolitical risks in the region.

In addition to these trends, a significant risk facing the Swedish economy is the level of indebtedness held by Swedish households, which is at historically high levels. A lack of housing, low interest rates and higher house prices have led to a rapid increase in the volume of home lending. Households are therefore more sensitive to higher interest rates. Successive Swedish governments have implemented policies to attempt to mitigate these risks and secure financial stability but such measures may be inadequate or have unpredictable consequences. Attempts by regulators to slow the credit growth have been largely ineffectual in part because interest rates have continued to fall.

Any or all of the conditions described above could result in increased default rates and/or decreased lending activity which could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations

2.1.2

The Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the recent conditions in the global financial markets and uncertainties about the strength of the Eurozone.

The global capital and credit markets have been characterised by volatility and disruption in recent years. During the financial crisis in 2008 this resulted in liquidity constraints and other problems at many of the world's largest commercial banks, investment banks and insurance companies, a number of which are the Swedbank Group's counterparties or customers in the ordinary course of its business. These conditions also resulted in a material reduction in the availability of financing, both

10

for the Swedbank Group as well as other financial institutions and their customers. The European Central Bank (the "ECB") implemented an asset purchase programme in March 2015, with monthly purchases of 60 billion. The programme was extended in March this year when the ECB lowered its repo rate and deposit rate to negative rates. The monthly purchases under the asset purchase programme ("QE") were expanded to 80 billion starting in April 2016. This is up from 60 billion a month previously. The measure is designed to stimulate growth in the Eurozone and raise inflation, which remains below target. Overall the liquidity situation in the Eurozone has become more favorable due to the ECB's expansionary monetary policy. Credit growth has also started to increase. The stress tests on the European banks implemented during the summer showed an improvement but with the weakest performance in Italy and also in respect of certain financial institutions in Germany.
U.S authorities' plans to impose a significant fine regarding the misselling of mortgage-backed securities on Deutsche Bank in the aftermath of the financial crisis 2007/08 have led to growing concern for Deutsche Bank's future. The future of Deutsche Bank will also have an impact on other European banks, such as Swedbank. The global outlook for 2016 has been revised down and the outlook from central banks appears more cautious for the long term. The U.S. Federal Reserve has revised down the interest path 2016/2017 and the Bank of England and Bank of Japan have introduced additional economic stimulus measures. A sluggish global growth and declining world trade will have a dampening impact on Swedish export industries.
Although the level of market disruption and volatility caused by the global financial crisis has abated to a certain extent, there are no assurances that these conditions will not recur or that similar events will not occur that have similar effects on the financial markets, in which case the Swedbank Group may experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment losses and lower profitability and revenues. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Global markets and economic conditions have been negatively impacted since 2010 by market perceptions regarding the ability of certain EU Member States to service their sovereign debt obligations, including Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain. Although the uncertainty over the outcome of the EU governments' financial support programmes has decreased, the long term view for public finance in Europe still faces many challenges, including those related to demographic trends and the uncertain impact of the increase in immigration. Any loosening of the political ties within the EU, such as the UK leaving the EU, could have negative impacts on the European economy and increase the volatility on the financial markets. This could also have political implications on cooperation within the EU.
Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereigns) and the Eurozone crisis are influenced by the outlook on the global economy generally, as well as perceptions of the strength of the European banking sector. A slow down in China's economy could also negatively impact the global economy and Europe. EU-cooperation is facing growing challenges in the wake of the large increase of immigrants into Europe, sluggish growth and the impact of the UK leaving the EU. The United Kingdom government has declared its intention to serve notice under Article 50 of The EU Lisbon Treaty by the end of the first quarter of 2017. However, a prolonged lack of clarity on the details of the UK's exit from the EU, and uncertainty over trade arrangements, market access and legislative and regulatory frameworks, will likely result in continued market volatility and a deterioration in economic conditions in the UK with potential consequences in other markets. Oil prices have stabilised in 2016. The over-supply of oil has declined and the demand for oil has continued to increase in emerging markets. Major oil producers significantly revised their investment plans for the coming years which will gradually lead to a decline in oil supply. OPEC is also planning to reduce oil production. However, market fluctuations will continue and there can be no assurance that this will not have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's customers.
11

2.1.3 2.1.4

The impact of these conditions could be detrimental to the Swedbank Group and it could experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased access to the wholesale funding markets, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment losses and lower profitability and revenues. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Swedish households may be exposed to a risk of a drop in house prices and changes in regulations applying to mortgages.
In recent years in Sweden, low interest rates, with real interest rates falling on mortgages in Sweden from 6 per cent to 1 per cent between 1995 and 2015, low inflation, higher house prices and increased disposable household income have led to continued strong growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. Demand for housing has increased rapidly in Sweden, partly as a result of rapid growth in the population over the past decade due to increases in immigration. The increase in immigration has affected demand for housing in the short term. Rapid urbanisation in Sweden has also contributed to an increase in the demand for housing in metropolitan areas and other growth regions. Apartment prices in Sweden also rose by 10.7 per cent in 2015 after having more than tripled since 2000. As prices have risen, buyers have taken on more mortgage debt, aided by low nominal interest rates and interest-only mortgages. Household debt rose to 173 per cent of disposable income at the end of 2015, after having hovered between 90 and 100 per cent throughout the previous decade. A large number of Swedish households therefore may be exposed to the risk of a drop in house prices and the Swedbank Group, through Swedbank Mortgage, is one of Sweden's leading mortgage lenders with a market share of 25 per cent as of 31 December 2015.
Furthermore, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") has recommended an international standard of 35 per cent risk weight for residential mortgages. In 2014, the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "Swedish FSA") raised the risk weights on residential mortgages to 25 per cent from 15 per cent. In June 2016 the Swedish FSA introduced tighter amortisation requirements. Annual repayment on mortgages of at least two per cent will be made on loans until they reach a 70 per cent loan to value ratio and thereafter annual repayments of at least one per cent will be paid until loans reach a 50 per cent loan to value ratio. Still, the credit expansion to the household sector is growing far above growth in disposable income. Additional measures have not been decided but the Swedish FSA want to introduce a debt ceiling as share of household disposable income. Discussions about reductions in interest deduction have intensified but there is still no political consensus for that. The Central Bank of Sweden is concerned about the housing market and the increase in household lending and are asking for more macro prudential tools to be implemented. If macro prudential tools are too tight, this could have a negative impact both on Swedish growth and on the real estate market. Any defaults could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. For further detail around the impact of the risk weight floor, see "- Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital."
Economic and market conditions have caused substantial credit impairments in the past, and future credit impairments could have a material adverse impact on the Swedbank Group's financial condition and results of operations.
The Swedbank Group is exposed to credit risk, or the risk that its borrowers may not repay their loans according to their contractual terms and that the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient. Further, there is a risk of declining market values that may affect the collateral securing the exposure. The Swedbank Group maintains provisions for credit impairments to cover estimated probable incurred credit impairments inherent in its loan portfolio. The Swedbank Group's allowance for credit impairments is based, among other things, on the Swedbank Group's portfolio provision models and analysis of current and historical delinquency rates, loan management, macroeconomic factors and the valuation of the underlying assets, as well as numerous other management

12

2.1.5

assumptions, which may prove to be inaccurate, resulting in further credit losses. Furthermore, the Swedbank Group is exposed to concentration risk, which means credit risk relating to large individual exposures or affiliated borrowers as well as significant exposures to groups of counterparties whose probability of default ("PD") is driven by common underlying factors, such as sector, economy, geographical location, or type of instrument. The impact of the concentration risk could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
If a borrower defaults under one of the Swedbank Group's loans, the Swedbank Group may foreclose on the loan and/or acquire title to the assets pledged as collateral, and thereafter, make substantial improvements or repairs in order to maximise the asset's realisable value. The borrower may contest enforcement of foreclosure or other compulsory measures, which may delay the foreclosure, or seek bankruptcy protection against the Swedbank Group. If the borrower seeks bankruptcy protection, certain regulatory measures may preclude the Swedbank Group from enforcing foreclosure or other remedies against the borrower. Foreclosure-related costs, high loan-to-value ratios or reductions in the value of the assets may prevent the Swedbank Group from realising an amount equal to its loans upon foreclosure, and the Swedbank Group may be required to record losses. Even if the Swedbank Group were able to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing its exposures, the Swedbank Group may own title to pledged assets that it is unable to efficiently repossess or force a sale of, which would adversely affect the Swedbank Group's ability to recover the value of the collateral securing its exposure. Furthermore, the Swedbank Group may, as part of its foreclosure on business assets, end up acquiring collateral that is not core to the Swedbank Group's business and in respect of which it lacks required operational or management expertise or experience or may be prohibited from owning under applicable regulations. Managing such assets may be costly and may require additional expertise, personnel or outsourcing, options which may not be readily available or available at all. All of the above may adversely affect the Swedbank Group's financial condition and results of operations.
A significant amount of the Swedbank Group's long-term financing matures in the next 12 months, which the Swedbank Group may not have the ability to refinance.
A significant portion, roughly SEK 132 billion, or 19 per cent as at 30 September 2016, of the Swedbank Group's external long-term financing, including maturing subordinated debt, matures in the next 12 months. Disruptions, uncertainty and/or increased volatility in the global capital markets may have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's ability to raise new financing. This could have a significant adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's liquidity position, funding maturity profile and operating results. The availability of additional financing depends on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the availability of credit generally and, specifically for borrowers in the financial services industry, the volume of trading activities, the Swedbank Group's financial condition, its credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as any negative perception by the Swedbank Group's customers or lenders of the Swedbank Group's financial prospects if, for example, the Swedbank Group incurs large loan or other losses, experiences significant deposit outflows or if the level of the Swedbank Group's business activity decreases due to a market downturn. The Swedbank Group's access to funds may further be impaired if regulatory authorities impose additional regulatory capital requirements or if ratings agencies downgrade the credit ratings of Swedbank, such as in June 2014 when S&P and Moody's placed Swedbank and other Nordic banks on negative outlook due to a reduction in anticipated government support. For more information about recent regulatory changes to capital requirements, see "Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital".

13

2.1.6 2.1.7 2.1.8 2.1.9

In addition, an increase in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads, as well as the restriction on the availability of credit, including, but not limited to, interbank credit, can impact the Swedbank Group's ability to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis, which may have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's liquidity and results of operations. In difficult credit market conditions, the Swedbank Group may be forced to fund its operations at a higher cost or it may be unable to raise as much short- or long-term funding as it needs to support its business activities. This could cause the Swedbank Group to curtail its business activities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business and results of operations.
The Swedbank Group's guidelines and policies for risk management may prove to be inadequate with respect to unidentified and unforeseen risks.
The management of business, regulatory and legal risks requires, inter alia, guidelines and policies for the accurate registration and control of a large number of transactions and events. Such guidelines and policies may not always be adequate. Some methods used by the Swedbank Group to estimate, measure and manage risk are based on perceived historical market behaviour. The methods may therefore prove to be inadequate for predicting future risk exposure, which may differ from what is suggested by prior experience. Other methods for risk management are based on evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other information that is publicly known or otherwise available to the Swedbank Group. Such information has not always been, and may not always be, correct, updated or correctly evaluated and may therefore be inadequate for the purpose of risk management, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's financial condition and results of operations.
Any impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets would have a negative effect on the Swedbank Group's results of operations.
Swedbank performs impairment tests on goodwill and other intangible assets at least once a year or whenever there are indications for a decrease in value of goodwill or other intangible assets. The outcome of any impairment test model depends, among other things, on key input data on macroeconomic factors and long-term growth assumptions. Should the economic conditions worsen beyond what the Swedbank Group expected or should there be a change in regulatory conditions affecting the Swedbank Group's assets, either in any of the Swedbank Group's home markets or in general, an impairment charge relating to goodwill and other intangible assets may need to be recognised, which may have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Swedbank Group is financially exposed to Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain, as well as European banks that may be negatively affected by adverse events in these countries. Further developments adversely affecting these countries or other similar developments in other Eurozone countries could have a material effect on the Swedbank Group's financial position, results of operations and business.
As of 31 December 2015 the Swedbank Group had total credit exposures of SEK 178 million to Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain. It did not have any exposure to Greece. As a result of its exposure to these countries, the Swedbank Group's financial position, results of operations and business could deteriorate following further developments adversely affecting these countries or similar developments in other Eurozone countries.
The Swedbank Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies could have an adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's assets, including its loan portfolio, and its results of operations.
Currency risk arises mainly due to risks related to strategic holdings of foreign operations and when deposits and lending take place in different currencies. Exchange rate movements between SEK,

14

EUR and USD could have a significant adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's balance sheet position, as a substantial portion of the Swedbank Group's assets and liabilities are denominated in these currencies and, in the long-term, the Swedbank Group's income statement is in SEK. Changes in exchange rates affect both the balance sheet directly through strategic positions, and the Swedbank Group's income statement, as foreign currency cash flows from lending margins could affect net interest income. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies may also have a negative impact on the Swedbank Group's liquidity, since the Swedbank Group's overall liquidity includes balances which are held in foreign currencies. Additionally, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies may also have a negative impact on the Swedbank Group's capital position, since part of the Swedbank Group's capital and risk exposure amount is denominated in foreign currencies.
2.1.10 The Swedbank Group's business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits.
The Swedbank Group is subject to the risks typical of banking activities, including interest rate fluctuations. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Swedbank Group's lending and deposit spreads. The Swedbank Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and other banks. While both the interest rates payable by the Swedbank Group on deposits, as well as the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and credit institutions, are in each case mainly floating rates or swapped into floating rates, there is a risk that the Swedbank Group will not be able to re-price its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or medium term. The Swedbank Group is also subject to intense competition for customer deposits and the current low interest rate environment puts pressure on the Swedbank Group's deposit spreads. The Swedbank Group may not be able to lower its funding costs, whether relating to deposits or wholesale funding, in line with decreases in interest rates on its interest-bearing assets.
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the Swedbank Group's control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults by the Swedbank Group's customers. Conversely, a reduction in the level of interest rates may adversely affect the Swedbank Group through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in competition in deposit-taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in the interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Swedbank Group.
The Swedbank Group has implemented risk management methods aimed at mitigating these and other market risks, and exposures are constantly measured and monitored. While the Swedbank Group undertakes hedging operations in order to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk, it does not hedge all its risk exposure and cannot assure its hedging strategies will be successful. If the Swedbank Group is unable to adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line with the changes in market interest rates receivable by it on loans, or if the Swedbank Group's monitoring procedures are unable to manage adequately the interest rate risk, its interest income could rise less or decline more than its interest expense, in which case the Swedbank Group's results of operations and financial condition or prospects could be negatively affected.
2.1.11 The Swedbank Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available.
The Swedbank Group's liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access debt markets, an inability to sell assets or redeem its investments, outflows of deposits or collateral deterioration. This situation may arise due to circumstances that the Swedbank Group is unable to control, such as continued general market disruption, loss in confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market participants, rating downgrades, or operational problems that affect
15

third parties. Even a perception among market participants that a financial institution is experiencing greater liquidity risk can cause significant damage to the institution and consequently its ability to access liquidity. Perceived liquidity risks from rumours or speculation in the market place can in certain circumstances lead to real liquidity impairments which can further lead to, amongst other things, a downgrade in credit ratings, thereby deepening a downward liquidity spiral. The Swedbank Group's ability to sell assets at a commercially desirable price or at all may be impaired if other market participants are seeking to sell similar assets at the same time or are not in the position to finance themselves, or when the market value of assets, including financial instruments underlying derivative transactions to which the Swedbank Group is a party, is difficult to ascertain, which occurred during the last liquidity crisis. In addition, financial institutions with which the Swedbank Group interacts may exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, which could further impair the Swedbank Group's access to liquidity.

The Swedbank Group's internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, the Swedbank Group may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favourable terms or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business and results of operations.

2.1.12 The Swedbank Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit ratings.

Any downgrade of Swedbank's credit ratings, or the credit ratings of its significant subsidiaries such as Swedbank Mortgage, could increase its borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of the Swedbank Group, limit its access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in, and the competitive position of, the Swedbank Group, or trigger obligations under certain bilateral terms in some of its trading and collateralised financing contracts, including requiring the provision of additional collateral as well as limiting the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Swedbank Group. Any of the events above could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business and results of operations.

2.1.13 Substantially all of the Swedbank Group's retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage.

As of 31 December 2015, substantially all of the Swedbank Group's Swedish retail mortgage portfolio was registered in the cover pool of Swedbank's wholly owned subsidiary, Swedbank Mortgage. The retail mortgages issued by Swedbank Mortgage comprise the cover pool and thereby serve as security for holders of the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage (and also counterparties under derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds). These mortgages do not form part of the general assets of Swedbank that would be available to holders of the Notes in the case of insolvency or liquidation of Swedbank. The Swedbank Group intends to cover a significant part of its long-term funding requirement through the additional issuance of covered bonds, which will be secured by future retail mortgages issued by Swedbank Mortgage. The Notes are unsecured obligations of Swedbank, and the Noteholders are structurally subordinated to the covered bondholders and hedge counterparties with respect to the covered bonds, to the extent of the cover pool, and are not likely to ever have access to the cover pool should Swedbank become insolvent or be liquidated.

2.1.14

The Swedbank Group is exposed to systemic risk and its business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults by, entities who owe the Swedbank Group money, securities or other assets or whose securities or obligations the Swedbank Group holds.

Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Swedbank Group is, and will continue to be, subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default

16

of any one institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships.

The Swedbank Group is exposed to the risk that entities owing the Swedbank Group money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. These entities may default on their obligations to the Swedbank Group due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. The Swedbank Group is also subject to the risk that its rights against these entities may not be enforceable in all circumstances. For example, different methods of holding collateral in different countries can affect the Swedbank Group's exposures as well as the value of the collateral to the Swedbank Group. In addition, deterioration in the credit quality of securities or obligations held by the Swedbank Group could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to transfer or realise value from those securities or obligations in the event of liquidation. A significant downgrade in the credit ratings of the Swedbank Group's counterparties could also have a negative impact on the Swedbank Group's results. While in many cases the Swedbank Group is permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties that experience financial difficulty or when collateral value decreases, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral the Swedbank Group is entitled to receive and the value of the counterparty's pledged assets. The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Swedbank Group to claims for the improper exercise of its contractual rights. Bankruptcies, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress and illiquidity. Rapid changes in prices on the financial markets may cause the Swedbank Group's exposure to such counterparties to increase, and in some of those cases the actual value of the Swedbank Group's collateral is lower than it was when the agreement was entered into. The Swedbank Group may not be able to retain the value of its collateral due to legal concerns and to the ability of the Swedbank Group to manage real estate property and other assets.

Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Swedbank Group or by other institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk" and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom certain of the Swedbank Group's subsidiaries interact on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's ability to raise new funding and on its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.

2.1.15

Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital.

The Group, on a consolidated basis, and Swedbank and its financial institution subsidiaries, on an individual basis, are required to maintain minimum capital adequacy ratios and solvency levels prescribed by law in each of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. If the capital of the Group is not sufficient to cover future losses or if the applicable minimum capital requirements increase, the Group may need to obtain additional capital in the future and it may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt financing qualifying as regulatory capital on attractive terms, or at all.

Moreover, developments in the regulatory framework such as changes in the risk weighting of assets may cause reductions in the Group's capital adequacy ratios and solvency levels and/or cause the applicable minimum capital requirements to increase.

Also, macro-prudential authorities may change the Group's capital requirements in the future, when they deem it necessary to contain systemic risk.

17

Capital and other requirements under the CRR
The Swedish capital adequacy framework is based on the CRR (the EU Capital Requirements Regulation ("CRR")) and the CRD IV (the EU Capital Requirements Directive ("CRD IV")), which implement in the EEA the framework for new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit institutions (the so-called "Basel IN" framework) published by the Basel Committee in 2010.
Under the CRR and the European Commission's delegated act, Swedish banks are required to publicly disclose their leverage ratios. According to the Proposals (as defined under the heading "MREL/TLAC" below), the leverage ratio and a binding net stable funding ratio are to be introduced. The Proposals are subject to negotiation by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union and are expected to enter into force no earlier than 2019 (or 2017 in the case of the proposal for a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt).
The Swedish FSA has imposed capital requirements beyond the minimum level of 7 per cent Common Equity Tier 1 capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent) to Swedish banks, in accordance with the EU rules. The four major Swedish banks, including Swedbank, are required to maintain a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent in Common Equity Tier 1 capital within the framework of Pillar 1 and a further 2 per cent within the framework of Pillar 2. The countercyclical buffer for Swedish exposures is 1.5 per cent as of 27 June 2016 and is applicable to Swedish exposures for all banks within Pillar 1 according to CRD IV. In March 2016, the Swedish FSA decided to increase the countercyclical buffer rate for Swedish exposures to 2.0 per cent, effective as of 19 March 2017.
Since the CRR became law, the Swedish FSA has had the authority to grant banks exemptions from the current Basel I floor. The Swedish FSA however has decided that the Basel I floor is to be applied in Sweden. The buffer requirements in CRR/CRD IV, including the systemic risk buffers for the systemically important Swedish banks, are calculated without taking the Basel I floor into account. The floor is a parallel back-stop rule to define the lowest allowed level of own funds.
Supervisory authorities in Sweden and at the international level have made note of the major differences among the average risk weights generated by banks' internal models for credit risk under the internal rating-based ("IRB") approach (an approach for calculating capital requirements for credit risk), especially as regards mortgage lending within the retail exposure class. In 2013, the Swedish FSA introduced a risk weight floor for the Swedish mortgages as a supervisory measure under Pillar 2. The risk weight floor for Swedish mortgages was raised in 2014 from 15 to 25 per cent.
During 2015, the Swedish FSA clarified its view on the capital requirements for Pillar 2 risks. In September 2015 the Swedish FSA completed its supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP") for 2015 for Swedbank. In the course of the SREP, the Swedish FSA used the standardised methods it presented in May 2015, which provided for assessing capital requirements within the framework of Pillar 2 for credit-related concentration risk, interest rate risk in the banking book, and pension risk.
The Swedish FSA has previously stated that it does not intend to make formal decisions on the capital requirement for individual institutions in Pillar 2. As long as a formal decision has not been made, the capital requirement under Pillar 2 does not affect the level at which automatic restrictions on dividend and coupon payments on certain subordinated securities (including the Notes) take effect (due to a breach of the combined buffer requirements). In January 2016, the Swedish FSA reiterated its view in a response to a document issued by the EBA on this topic.
At present, Swedbank has sufficient CET 1 capital to meet its capital requirements. However, no assurances can be made that Swedbank will continue to hold this level of CET 1 capital, that the regulations around the capital requirements will not change in the future, or that the definition of what
18

constitutes CET 1 capital will not change in the future. For example, the 2016 Proposals discussed below contain proposals to amend the current Pillar 2 requirements.
BRRD
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU ("BRRD") was recently implemented by Sweden through the Swedish Resolution Act (the "Resolution Act"). Swedbank operates under the BRRD. The Resolution Act is likely to impact the size of the capital buffer needed by a bank, in addition to those set out in the CRR and the CRD IV.
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss-absorbing capacity, the Resolution Act provides for the Swedish resolution authority to set minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") for each institution, based on, amongst other criteria, its size, risk and business model.
MREL/TLAC
The Financial Stability Board has issued a standard on Total Loss-absorbing Capacity ("TLAC"), which sets corresponding requirements for global systemically important banks. Swedbank is not a global systemically important bank. The TLAC requirement will be phased in starting from 1 January 2019. However, there is currently work going on in the EU to implement the TLAC standard in EU legislation. In particular, the European Commission has proposed to incorporate TLAC into the capital requirements framework, as an extension to the own funds requirements and as part of the Proposals discussed below. Although TLAC only applies to global systemically important banks, in the Proposals the European Commission has proposed that other banks in a member state, like Swedbank, be subject to a firm-specific MREL regime under which they be required to issue a sufficient amount of eligible instruments to absorb expected losses in resolution and to recapitalise the institution or surviving the part thereof.
On 26 April 2016, the Swedish Resolution authority, Swedish National Debt Office ("SNDO") published a proposal detailing its plans for implementing the MREL requirement on Swedish banks. The MREL requirement for systemically important banks in Sweden, such as Swedbank, would be the sum of a loss absorption amount plus a recapitalisation amount. The loss absorption amount equals the current total capital requirement excluding the combined buffer requirement and the Pillar 2 systemic risk surcharge. The recapitalisation amount equals the total current capital requirement (i.e. including combined buffer and Pillar 2 requirements). The loss absorption amount can be met with own funds instruments (Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2), while the recapitalisation amount can only be met with eligible liabilities (essentially senior unsecured bonds or term deposits from large corporates, having a remaining maturity of at least one year). The SNDO will make the actual first decisions for the Swedish banks' MREL requirements in autumn 2016, and Swedish banks have to comply with the MREL requirements starting from 2018.
Moreover, the SNDO's view is that a requirement that MREL eligible liabilities shall be subordinated to senior liabilities should be introduced eventually. However, since a requirement on subordination would have major consequences for Swedish banks, the SNDO is going to investigate further how and when such a requirement can be introduced. Subordination requirements are also addressed in the Proposals and the outcome of the Proposals will therefore also be relevant in this regard. The SNDO expects to revert at the earliest in the first quarter of 2017 regarding the details of a subordination requirement.
Swedbank's best understanding and estimates of the SNDO's implementation of MREL shows that Swedbank on a consolidated level already has enough capital and eligible liabilities if the expected initial MREL requirements (excluding any requirements of subordination) would be introduced today. However, due to the potential amendment of the requirement in the future, including as a result of the Proposals, there are still uncertainties regarding the final configuration and level of the MREL requirement, and consequently how this will affect Swedbank's capital requirements.
19

On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV, the BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation and proposed an amending directive to facilitate the creation of a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt (the "Proposals"). The Proposals cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt, the MREL framework and the integration of the TLAC standard into EU legislation as mentioned above. The Proposals are to be considered by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union and therefore remain subject to change. The final package of new legislation may not include all elements of the Proposals and new or amended elements may be introduced through the course of the legislative process. Until the Proposals are in final form, it is uncertain how the Proposals will affect Swedbank or holders of the Notes.
The Basel Committee
The Basel Committee is working on several policy and supervisory measures that aim to enhance the reliability and comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios. The measures include revised standardised approaches for credit risk and for operational risk, a set of constraints on the use of internal model approaches for credit risk, including exposure-level, model-parameter floors, a leverage ratio minimum requirement, and aggregate capital floors for banks that use internal models based on the proposed revised standardised approaches.
In particular, in December 2015 the Basel Committee published its second consultative document on a revised standardised approach for credit risk. The document proposes, among other things, reducing reliance on external credit ratings, increasing risk sensitivity, and reducing national discretions.
In 2014 the Basel Committee issued a final regulatory text for a new standardised approach for measuring counterparty credit risk exposures, which is included in the Proposals. Moreover, in January 2016 the Basel Committee completed the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, a comprehensive revision of the capital adequacy standard for market risk, which is also included in the Proposals. The new standard entails for substantial revisions to both the standardised approach and the internal models approach. Furthermore, in March 2016, the Basel Committee published a proposal for a new standardised measurement approach for operational risk, which would replace all existing approaches for operational risks, including the Advanced Measurement Approach, which is the internal model-based approach for measuring operational risk in the current framework.
In December 2014 the Basel Committee issued a consultative document on the design of a capital floor framework. The framework would be based on the proposed revised standardised approaches, to limit the risk that capital requirements are too low due to the use of internal models. The new floor framework would replace the current capital floor, based on the Basel I standard, for banks using internal models.
In March 2016, the Basel Committee proposed constraints on the use of internal model approaches for credit risk. In particular, the Basel Committee proposed to remove the option of using the IRB approaches for certain exposures; to adopt exposure-level, model-parameter floors; and to provide greater specification of parameter estimation practices.
The Basel Committee plans to finalise all those revisions to the Basel III framework, including the calibration of the aggregate capital floors framework and the leverage ratio minimum requirement, at or around the end of 2016.
There is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the Basel Committee's final calibration of the proposed reforms, and subsequently how and when they will be implemented in the EU. It is thus too early to draw firm conclusions regarding the impact on the future capital requirements.
20

Swedish capital requirements
In May 2016 the Swedish FSA adopted revised requirements for Swedish banks calculating risk weights for capital requirements using the internal ratings-based approach, especially with regard to corporate exposures. The Swedish FSA began applying the revisions in its Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) for 2016, which the Swedish FSA finalised at the end of September 2016. Therefore, the revisions affect Swedbank's capital requirements beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016. The revisions require banks to anticipate a larger proportion of economic downturn in their estimates of probability of default, which increased Swedbank's CET 1 capital requirement by 0.5 per cent., and to use a so-called maturity floor, which has increased Swedbank's CET1 capital requirement by 0.2 per cent.
Accounting standards
In 2013, International Accounting Standard ("IAS") 19, the revised accounting standard for pensions, took effect. According to IAS 19, the valuation of the pension provision for the Swedbank Group's defined benefit pension schemes should be based on actuarial valuations. The actuarial valuations are based on a number of assumptions that are highly susceptible to change from period to period, thus creating volatility in the estimated pension liabilities. That, in turn, creates volatility in the CET1 capital.
As a consequence of the proposed changes in the regulatory framework and uncertainty relating to their implementation, including the Proposals, as discussed under each sub-heading above, the Swedbank Group may need to obtain additional capital in the future, and may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt financing qualifying as regulatory capital on attractive terms, or at all. Therefore, the Swedbank Group may need to sell assets and these sales may be at distressed prices, to the extent that a market exists, which may have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
In addition, if the capital ratios of Swedbank's financial institution subsidiaries deteriorate, Swedbank, as the parent company, may be required to provide funding by way of direct or indirect capital contributions, loans, or guarantees of loans, into its subsidiaries. To the extent that it does not, Swedbank Group operations may be restricted in these jurisdictions as a result of regulatory penalties.
2.1.16 The Group may see a downgrade of parts of the credit portfolio, resulting in a negative migration in the risk classification system
The Group may see a downgrade of parts of the credit portfolio, resulting in a negative migration in the risk classification system. The Group uses through-the-cycle estimates of PD for the purpose of calculating the regulatory capital requirement, but there is still a risk that such migration could result in a higher regulatory capital requirement, which may lead to a need to obtain additional capital. In addition, the Group values assets and assesses the capital adequacy position of its banking subsidiaries using financial models based on assumptions and estimates taking into account the then prevailing market conditions which may prove inadequate if market conditions deteriorate. Furthermore, changes in foreign exchange rates, decreases in collateral ratios as a consequence of the deterioration of the market value of assets pledged as collateral, or deterioration in the economic environment, among other things, could result in further provisioning and/or an increase in Risk Exposure Amount ("REA"), which could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
2.1.17 Governmental responses to market disruptions may be inadequate and may have unintended consequences.
21

The Swedbank Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to market disruptions in the countries in which it operates. As a result of the financial crisis in 2008 and subsequent government intervention, there has been, and there will continue to be, a substantial increase in governmental policy responses to market disruptions, including reductions in public spending and the imposition of further fiscal austerity measures, and changes in monetary and interest rate policies.

The Swedbank Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the interpretation of fiscal legislation by any tax authority. The recent measures taken by various European governments to stimulate the economy and support the banking system may lead to an increase in the tax burden or to a reduction in tax benefits. Significant changes in governmental policy responses in Sweden or in the other countries where the Swedbank Group operates, or difficulties in implementing such responses or with the type and effectiveness of the impact of such responses, may have a relevant adverse impact on the activity, financial situation and operating results of the Swedbank Group. For instance, the Swedbank Group may have to enter into future contractual arrangements by operation of law or necessity under which the Swedish Government may have the right to take possession over the Swedbank Group or part of it or its assets. In such instance of government takeover, the value of the Swedbank Group or its assets may be considered to be limited and the Swedbank Group may not receive adequate compensation, which could therefore significantly reduce its assets.

2.1.18

The Swedbank Group may be required to reassess assumptions used in the calculation of defined benefit pension schemes and to make further contributions to its pension schemes if the value of the plan assets is not sufficient to cover potential liabilities.

The Swedbank Group maintains a number of defined benefit pension schemes and pension schemes based on the salaries of employees at the time of retirement for former and current employees, primarily in Sweden. Pension risk is the risk that the liabilities of the Swedbank Group's various defined benefit pension schemes, which are long-term in nature, will be higher than the liabilities projected based on current assumptions. Major assumptions include those pertaining to salary increases, mortality, discount rates and inflation. Risk also arises from the plan assets because the value of these asset portfolios and the returns from them may be less than expected, especially if equity prices, interest rates, counterparty risk (including sovereigns) or inflation are subject to significant changes. Actual outcome might also differ from current assumptions. These changes or differences, as expressed by an actuarial loss, could be significant and could have a negative impact on the Swedbank Group's results of operations. The Swedbank Group makes contributions to the schemes so that the plan assets cover obligations according to Swedish legal requirements. If a deficit arises the Swedbank Group could be obliged to, or may choose to, make additional contributions to the schemes. Swedbank's reported pension liability decreased by approximately SEK 1.3 billion and became a pension asset at the end of 2015 and shareholders' equity increased by approximately SEK 2.8 billion in 2015 due to re-measurements. Consequently, CET 1 capital increased, but only by approximately SEK 1.8 billion. The pension asset of SEK 1.3 billion, SEK 1.0 billion after tax, is not permitted to be included in CET 1 capital. During 2015, the discount rate in Sweden increased from 2.29 per cent to 3.53 per cent, which was counteracted to some extent by an increase in the inflation rate from 1.28 per cent to 1.63 per cent in 2015. The rules in IAS 19 as discussed in 2.1.15, regarding defined benefit pension plans could create volatility in the estimated pension liability and thus to Swedbank's equity through other comprehensive income.

2.1.19

Market fluctuations and volatility may adversely affect the value of the Swedbank Group's positions, reduce its business activities and make it more difficult to assess the fair value of certain of its assets.

The fair value of certain of the Swedbank Group's assets may decline significantly due to dislocation of financial markets, causing the Swedbank Group to record mark-to-market losses and may fluctuate over short periods of time. In addition, the Swedbank Group's estimates of fair value may differ materially both from similar estimates made by other financial institutions and from the values that

22

would have been used if a market for these assets had been readily available. Market fluctuations, in particular, fluctuations in the equity market, also influence the value of assets in funds managed by the Swedbank Group's asset management business and have a direct impact on the income volatility of the asset management activities. Furthermore, similar to any other holding company with insurance subsidiaries, the Swedbank Group's level of fees and returns from its equity investments in these subsidiaries are impacted by any decrease in the value of their investment portfolios, poor investment returns and the requirement to maintain assets sufficient to cover mandatory provisions for insurance claims.

The fair value of interest bearing securities trading in active markets is ordinarily based on market prices (mark-to-market). However, where quoted prices on instruments are not readily and regularly available, as was the case in particular during autumn 2008, due in part to the dislocation of the global financial markets, fair value is estimated using an internal valuation model (mark-to-model), which is generally based on observable market data, meaning the prices of financial instruments that are as similar in nature as possible and for which transactions have been completed. These values are then adjusted to best reflect the value of the Swedbank Group's securities. Adjustments for the relevant credit risk are based on the derivatives market.

2.1.20

The IT and other systems on which the Swedbank Group depends for its day-to-day operations can fail for a variety of reasons which may be outside the Swedbank Group's control; the Swedbank Group is subject to the risk of infrastructure disruptions or other effects on such systems.

The Swedbank Group's operations are highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies, as well as its ability to accommodate current and future regulatory provisions, such as anti-money laundering monitoring requirements and IFRS 9 record keeping and calculations.

Any disruption in the Swedbank Group's IT or other systems may have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's financial condition and results of operations.

Despite the contingency plans and facilities the Swedbank Group has in place, its ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports the businesses and the countries in which the Swedbank Group is located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation or other services used by the Swedbank Group or third parties with whom it conducts business, or a catastrophic event involving any location where the Swedbank Group has a significant operational base.

Problems encountered with respect to internet reliability may be substantial impediments to internet banking and may result in a less stable IT operational base, which may in turn have an adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business and results of operations.

2.1.21 The Swedbank Group's activities may be subject to the risk of cybercrime attacks

As for all major financial institutions, Swedbank's activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Cybercrime attempts are primarily related to the Swedbank Group's internet bank users and include physical identity theft, unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet bank credentials as well as payment and credit card information. The Swedbank Group has also experienced a large number of denial of service (DDoS) attempts against Swedbank's infrastructure, causing minor impact except for two attempts in October and November 2015 which caused the Swedbank Group's external website to be unavailable for a period of time. The Swedbank Group also expects to face requirements going forward in relation to regulations related to cybersecurity, such as

23

the new EU General Data Protection Regulation or the EBA's upcoming regulation on strong customer authentication.

The Swedbank Group has continued to invest in building systems and defences to address threats from cyber-attacks. However, the Swedbank Group may continue to experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and services in the future. Such security breaches and unexpected disruptions may in turn result in liability to its customers and third parties and have an adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, reputation and results of operations.

2.1.22 Litigation arising from the Swedbank Group's business conduct may have an adverse impact on its performance and position.

Entities within the Swedbank Group may be involved from time to time in legal proceedings arising from the conduct of their business. The reputational and aggregate potential liability in respect thereof cannot be accurately assessed. Any material legal proceedings, or publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings, may adversely impact the Swedbank Group's business, reputation and results of operations. For additional information, please see "General Information".

2.1.23

The Swedbank Group is exposed to risks related to money laundering activities, especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money laundering and anti terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort.

The Swedbank Group is subject to rules and regulations regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism. In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to or used for money laundering has increased worldwide. The risk of money laundering is higher in emerging markets, such as the Baltic countries, than in Sweden and other more developed markets where the Swedbank Group operates. The high turnover of employees, the difficulty in consistently implementing related policies and technology systems, and the general business conditions in emerging markets mean that the risk of the occurrence of money laundering is higher in these countries. The Swedbank Group requires any violations to be reported in its regular compliance report. In addition, suspicious activity reports are filed with the local Financial Intelligence Unit by the Swedbank Group's Money Laundering Reporting Officer according to local procedures. Although the Swedbank Group believes that its current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules and regulations, it cannot guarantee that its Group-wide anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures completely prevent instances of money laundering or terrorism financing. Any violation of anti-money laundering rules, or even the suggestion of violations, may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the Swedbank Group and may, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's financial condition and results of operations.

2.1.24 Conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, and non-compliance or fraudulent acts may negatively impact the Swedbank Group.

As the Swedbank Group expands the scope of its businesses and its client base, the Swedbank Group increasingly has to implement policies on corporate governance on a Group-wide level and address potential conflicts of interest and compliance with applicable laws. However, appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex, in part because internal breaches of policy can be difficult to discover.

The Swedbank Group's reputation could be damaged as a result and there may be a reluctance on the part of clients to enter transactions where there is the possibility of a conflict, or if the Swedbank Group is seen to fail to identify, or deal appropriately with, conflicts of interest. In the autumn of 2015, there was media coverage of certain transactions by some of Swedbank's senior executives which were perceived as raising conflicts of interest issues. In December 2015, Swedbank was notified by the Swedish FSA that they were conducting an investigation into those transactions to see how Swedbank has managed any conflicts of interest. In January 2016 Swedbank provided the Swedish

24

FSA with the requested information and in April 2016 the Swedish FSA requested additional information on the matter. There could be a risk of reputational harm to the Swedbank Group as a result of this investigation.
2.1.25 Actions or inactions of savings banks which are parties to co-operation agreements with the Swedbank Group may have a negative impact on the Swedbank Group.
In the normal course of business, the Swedbank Group enters into various commercial agreements with companies related to the banking industry. The Swedbank Group has co-operation agreements with associated independent savings banks and partly-owned banks pursuant to which the co operating banks market and distribute a range of the Swedbank Group's products and services through their own local branch networks. If the reputation or financial condition of one or more of the co-operating banks, through action or inaction, were to be adversely affected while operating under the Swedbank Group's trademark, the Swedbank Group's reputation could also be adversely affected regardless of whether the Swedbank Group contributed to the action or inaction causing such reputational or financial injury, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
2.1.26 The Swedbank Group operates in competitive markets and further increased competition may have an adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.
The Swedbank Group is subject to significant competition in the markets in which it operates. Competition may increase in some or all of the Swedbank Group's markets as a result of legislative, regulatory, technological or other factors. Increased competition could cause the Swedbank Group to lose business or compel it to price products and services on less advantageous terms, or otherwise have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, increased competitor participation in the financial sector generally in the Swedbank Group's principal markets may have an impact on the competitive landscape in such markets and on the way in which banks in those markets conduct their operations. At present, however, it is difficult to predict what the effects of this increased competitor participation will be or how it will differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, should it materialise. The Swedbank Group may experience stronger competition and greater pressure on profit margins. These and other changes in the competitive landscape could adversely affect the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, markets and/or prospects.
2.1.27 In order to successfully compete, the Swedbank Group depends on highly skilled individuals; the Swedbank Group may not be able to retain or recruit key talent.
The Swedbank Group's performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. The Swedbank Group's continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on the Swedbank Group's ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry for qualified employees is intense. In addition, current and future laws, including laws relating to immigration and outsourcing, and remuneration restrictions under CRD IV, may restrict the Swedbank Group's ability to move responsibilities or personnel from one jurisdiction to another or to offer competitive compensation to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. The need for higher cost efficiency will also result in a lower rate of wage increases in coming years, which may also impact the Swedbank Group's ability to retain or recruit employees. This may impact the Swedbank Group's ability to take advantage of business opportunities, potential efficiencies, or profitably manage its existing or new assets.
Swedbank has recently experienced changes within the Swedbank Group, and the level of employee engagement has declined, which may result in increased employee turnover. Employee competence and dedication to customer service impacts Swedbank's customers' experience and contributes to customer value. Employees have a high workload and the Swedbank Group requires complex
25

planning of resources, with a need to prioritise both business-driven development and regulatorydriven development while simultaneously managing day-to-day operations. Increased staff-related risks could materially adversely affect the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
2.1.28 The Swedbank Group's business is subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be adversely affected by adverse regulatory and governmental developments.
The Swedbank Group conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies, voluntary codes of practice and interpretations in Sweden and the other countries in which the Swedbank Group operates. This is particularly the case in the current market environment, which is experiencing increased levels of government and regulatory intervention in the financial sector, which the Swedbank Group expects to continue for the foreseeable future. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies are unpredictable and beyond the control of the Swedbank Group and could materially adversely affect the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Swedbank Group's operations are contingent upon licences issued by financial authorities in the countries in which the Swedbank Group operates. Violations of rules and regulations, whether intentional or unintentional, may lead to the withdrawal of some of the Swedbank Group's licences. Any breach of these or other regulations may adversely affect the Swedbank Group's reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition.
Swedbank is subject to supervision by the Swedish FSA and to Swedish regulations regarding, among other things, capital adequacy, liquidity and solvency (see "Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Swedbank Group - Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital"). Certain of the Swedbank Group's subsidiaries and operations are subject to the supervision of other local supervisory authorities. In Sweden and elsewhere, there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of financial and mortgage institutions. Increased regulatory intervention may lead to requests from regulators to carry out wide-ranging reviews of past sales and/or sales practices. The Swedbank Group is unable to predict what regulatory changes may be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in the EU and elsewhere or by the Swedish FSA and other supervisory authorities. If the Swedbank Group is required to make additional provisions or to increase its reserves as a result of potential regulatory changes, this could adversely affect the results of operations of the Swedbank Group. In addition, failure by the Swedbank Group to comply with regulatory requirements could result in significant penalties.
In the United States, passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act") has led to significant regulatory reforms affecting the financial services industry, including non-U.S. banks. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act addresses systemic risk oversight, bank capital standards, the orderly liquidation of failing systemically significant financial institutions, over-the-counter derivatives, and the ability of banks and their affiliates to engage as principal in proprietary trading activities and sponsor and invest in certain private funds (the so-called "Volcker Rule"). The Dodd-Frank Act and other post-financial crisis regulatory reforms in the United States have increased costs, imposed limitations on activities, and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory enforcement. Many of the rules implementing the Dodd-Frank Act have been finalised or proposed, but significant uncertainty remains on the overall impact (including extraterritorial impacts) that the Dodd-Frank Act could have on the Issuer or the financial services industry as a whole.
In particular, in December 2013, the U.S. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve") and four other U.S. federal regulatory agencies issued final regulations implementing the Volcker Rule, which restricts banking entities (including the Issuer and all of its global affiliates) from engaging, as principal, in proprietary trading and from sponsoring or holding
26

ownership interests in or having certain relationships with hedge, private equity or other similar funds ("covered funds"), subject to certain exceptions and exclusions. The conformance period for the Volcker Rule ended on 21 July 2015, although the Federal Reserve extended the conformance period to 21 July 2017 for investments in and relationships with covered funds that were in place prior to 31 December 2013. Financial institutions subject to the rule, such as Swedbank, must bring their activities and investments into compliance, and must implement a specific compliance programme. Further implementation efforts may be necessary based on subsequent regulatory interpretations, guidelines or examinations. The failure of the Swedbank Group to effectively manage regulatory risks could have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
2.1.29 The full scope and consequences of new derivatives regulations are yet unknown and may impose additional regulatory burdens and costs that may affect the value of the Notes
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation 648/2012 ("EMIR") entered into force in all member states of the EU, including Sweden, on 16 August 2012. EMIR aims to increase stability in European over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives markets and includes measures to require the clearing of certain OTC derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties and to increase the transparency of OTC derivatives transactions. EMIR applies to OTC derivatives contracts falling within its scope entered into by financial counterparties such as Swedbank, regardless of the identity of the other counterparty to the contract. In connection with EMIR, various regulatory and implementing technical standards have now come into force, but certain critical technical standards remain outstanding, such as the regulatory technical standards on margin requirements for uncleared derivatives, which are yet to be finalised. Similarly, although regulatory technical standards subjecting certain classes of OTC derivatives to the clearing obligation have already been published, it is possible that the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") may publish further regulatory technical standards subjecting additional classes of OTC derivatives to the clearing obligation. Prospective investors should be aware that any regulatory changes arising from EMIR may in due course significantly increase the cost for Swedbank of entering into or taking any other action in relation to derivative contracts and may adversely affect their ability to engage in derivative contracts.
In addition, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act ("Title VII"), as well as other post-financial crisis regulatory reforms in the U.S., have increased costs, imposed limitations on activities and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory enforcement. Title VII established a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for derivatives contracts, including swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps. Among other things, Title VII provides the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and the SEC with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps, requires the establishment of a comprehensive registration and regulatory framework applicable to swap dealers and security-based swap dealers and other major market participants, requires the reporting of swap and security-based swap data, requires certain swaps and will require certain security-based swaps to be exchange-traded or executed on a swap execution facility or securitybased swap execution facility, as applicable, and centrally cleared, and will impose capital requirements and margin requirements for uncleared swap and security-based swap transactions.
Many of the key regulations implementing Title VII have recently become effective or are in final form. However, in some instances, the interpretation and potential impact of these regulations are not yet entirely clear. Additionally, the requirements for security-based swaps more generally, are not yet in effect. Due to this uncertainty, a complete assessment of the effects of Title VII and certain other post financial crisis regulatory reforms in the U.S. cannot be made at this time. Swedbank regularly deals and transacts in derivatives. As a result, it may be required to register with the CFTC and/or the SEC. In addition, Swedbank enters into swaps and security-based swaps, and certain swaps may be subject to the clearing, capital, margin, business conduct, reporting and/or recordkeeping requirements of Title VII or other related regulatory reforms, that will result in additional regulatory burdens and related costs and expenses.
27

The above could potentially adversely affect the Issuer's earnings and the need to comply with new regulations may detrimentally affect the Swedbank Group's business by increasing costs and limiting the volume and type of liquid assets the Swedbank Group can invest in. Swedbank is currently considering the impact of EMIR and Title VII on its business and monitoring the regulatory developments. Although many key regulations implementing EMIR and Title VII have been finalised, some are not yet effective or have otherwise been delayed, or may be subject to further interpretations or modifications, and as such, a full assessment of the exact effects cannot be made at this time.

2.2

Risks relating to the Notes

2.2.1 Risks relating to the structure of the Notes

2.2.1.1 Interestpayments on the Notes may be cancelled by the Issuer (in whole or in part) at any time and, in certain circumstances, the Issuer will be required to cancel such interestpayments

2.2.1.1.1 The Issuer is entitled to cancel interest payments for no reason and without stating a reason or giving notice to Noteholders

Interest on the Notes will be due and payable only at the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, which may, at all times and for any reason, cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be payable on any Interest Payment Date.

The Issuer may without restriction use funds that could have been applied to make such cancelled payments to meet its other obligations as they become due and may pay interest on other subordinated debt and dividends on its shares notwithstanding such cancellation.

2.2.1.1.2 In certain circumstances the Issuer may be required by law or banking regulations or contractual obligations to cancel interest payments in whole or in part

In certain circumstances the Issuer may be required by law or banking regulations or contractual obligations to cancel interest payments. These regulations and their interaction are complex and may change over time.

Under the regulations in force at the time of issuance, the Issuer is only allowed to pay interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Additional Amounts) out of "distributable items" (as defined in CRR). In practice this means that the Issuer will be required to cancel an interest payment in whole or in part, if its distributable items on an Interest Payment Date are less than the sum of all distributions or interest payments on all own funds instruments of the Issuer paid or required to be paid in the then financial year.

Further, under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the CRD IV Directive, as recently implemented in Sweden, institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement (as described below) will be subject to restricted "discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly by CRD IV as payments relating to common equity Tier 1, variable remuneration and payments on Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments). In these circumstances, payments will be made on the Notes (whether by way of principal, interest or otherwise) only if and to the extent that such payments would not cause the maximum distributable amount (if any) to be exceeded. The determination of the maximum distributable amount is particularly complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty.

For example, the maximum distributable amount could be limited to earnings accrued from the time of the latest decision to make a "discretionary payment". The probability of the Issuer paying interest on the Notes in this situation would therefore, in addition to other circumstances, depend on the timing of the Issuer's other discretionary payment decisions, such as any decision to pay dividends to the shareholders of the Issuer. There is no legal obligation on the Issuer in this situation to prioritise payments to holders of the Notes before payments to its shareholders.

28

Under CRD IV, institutions will be required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8.0 per cent. of Risk Exposure Amount (as defined in CRR). In addition to these so-called "own funds" requirements under CRD IV, supervisors may require that extra capital be added to cover other risks (thereby increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD IV). In Sweden, it is anticipated that the Swedish FSA will do this by continuous dialogue with institutions rather than formal additional capital requirements. In any event, the views of the Swedish FSA will affect the level at which restrictions on distributions linked to the "combined buffer requirement" come into effect.
CRD IV also introduces capital buffer requirements that are in addition to the minimum capital requirement and required to be met with common equity tier 1 capital. It introduces five new capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer, (iii) the global systemically important institutions buffer, (iv) the other systemically important institutions buffer and (v) the systemic risk buffer. Some or all of these buffers may be applicable to the Swedbank Group as determined by the Swedish FSA in accordance with Swedish legislation implementing CRD IV in Sweden and are referred to as the "combined buffer requirements". Under the Proposals, an institution (such as Swedbank) will be deemed to fail to meet its combined buffer requirement, and therefore to subject to the restrictions on payments on instruments, such as the Notes, where it does not have own funds and eligible liabilities in an amount and quality to meet all of the following:
· its combined buffer requirement;
· its 4.5 per cent. Pillar 1 requirement and its Pillar 2 CET1 requirement;
· its 6 per cent. Pillar 1 requirement and its Pillar 2 Tier 1 requirement;
· its 8 per cent. Pillar 1 requirement and its Pillar 2 total capital requirement; and
· its MREL/TLAC requirement (subject to a potential six month grace period).
See the risk factor entitled "Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital' for a further discussion in respect of the Proposals.
In addition to the regulatory restrictions mentioned above, the Issuer is bound by certain contractual obligations affecting its discretion to pay interest on the Notes. Under the conditions of certain Parity Securities issued prior to the issuance of the Notes, if the "available distributable amount" (as defined therein) is not sufficient to make all interest payments in full on those Parity Securities and all other debt instruments ranking pari passu with them, including the Notes, interest payments on all of these will be reduced.
Any interest cancelled pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall not be due and shall not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter, and Noteholders shall have no rights thereto or to receive any additional interest or compensation as a result of such cancellation. Furthermore, no cancellation of interest in accordance with the terms of the Notes shall constitute a default in payment or otherwise under the Notes.
The Issuer is not obliged to inform investors about such interest cancellation, neither before or after it has occurred.
2.2.1.1.3 The Notes may be traded with accrued interest, but under certain circumstances described above such interest may be cancelled and not paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date
The Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Notes may appear, on the Irish Stock Exchange and in other trading systems with accrued interest. If this occurs, purchasers of the Notes in the secondary market will pay a price that reflects such accrued interest upon purchase of the Notes. However, if a payment of interest on any Interest Payment Date is cancelled (in whole or in part) as described
29

herein and thus is not due and payable, purchasers of such Notes will not be entitled to that interest payment (or, if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, but not all, of such interest payment, the portion of such interest payment not paid) on the relevant Interest Payment Date.
2.2.1.1.4 Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the Notes will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the Notes will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions of the Notes, the market price of the Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are not subject to such cancellation and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Swedbank Group's financial condition.
2.2.1.2 Upon the occurrence o f a Trigger Event, the Noteholders will lose all o f their claims for payment under the Notes and receive Conversion Shares instead which are m ore deeply subordinated than the Notes
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Noteholders will lose all of their claims for payment under the Notes and receive Conversion Shares instead which are more deeply subordinated than the Notes. The number and/or value of the Conversion Shares received by Noteholders following an Automatic Conversion may be less than Noteholders may have expected. In addition, Noteholders may not receive Conversion Shares if they fail to submit a Delivery Notice in the manner or within the prescribed period set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes
The Notes are being issued for capital adequacy regulatory purposes with the intention and purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and the Swedbank Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being satisfied, which are reflected in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. One of these relates to the ability of the Notes and the proceeds of their issue to be available to absorb any losses of the Issuer. Accordingly, upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, (i) the Notes will be converted into Conversion Shares, (ii) the principal amount of the Notes will be written down to zero and, accordingly, the principal amount of the Notes shall equal zero at all times thereafter, (iii) the Noteholders will no longer have any rights against the Issuer with respect to the repayment of the principal amount of the Notes or the payment of interest or any other amount on or in respect of such Notes, which liabilities of the Issuer shall be irrevocably and automatically released and (iv) the Issuer's only obligations and liabilities under the Notes shall be an obligation to deliver Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary on behalf of the Noteholders.
Once a Note has been converted into Conversion Shares, the principal amount of such Note will not be restored in any circumstances (including where the relevant Trigger Event ceases to continue), no further interest will accrue or be payable on such Note at any time thereafter and the Noteholders shall have no recourse to the Issuer for any further payment in respect of the Notes (but without prejudice to the right of the Noteholders to receive the relevant number of Conversion Shares from the Settlement Shares Depositary).
If a Trigger Event (and consequent Automatic Conversion) occurs, Noteholders will only have the claims under their Conversion Shares, and such claims in a winding-up (Sw; likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw; konkurs) of the Issuer are the most junior-ranking of all claims. Claims in respect of Conversion Shares are not for a fixed principal amount, but rather are limited to a share of the surplus assets (if any) remaining following payment of all amounts due in respect of the liabilities of the Issuer.
Further, the Terms and Conditions provide that neither the Issuer, nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be liable for any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, or any other capital, issue, transfer, registration, financial transaction or documentary tax that may arise or be paid as a consequence of the delivery of Conversion Shares, which tax shall be borne solely by the relevant Noteholder. In addition, upon an
30

Automatic Conversion, the holders of Conversion Shares may be subject to capital gains tax or to Swedish withholding tax on any dividend payments and certain other distributions in relation to the Conversion Shares. Please see "Taxation - Swedish Taxation".

If a Noteholder fails to submit a Delivery Notice to the Settlement Shares Depositary in the manner and within the presribed timeframe specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Settlement Shares Depositary shall use its reasonable endeavours to sell the relevant Conversion Shares (which would otherwise have been due to such Affected Noteholder) in the open market and it shall hold the Cash Proceeds on trust (or other similar arrangement) on behalf of the Affected Noteholder, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. There is therefore a risk that Noteholders will not receive Conversion Shares upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event.

Because a Trigger Event will occur when the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Swedbank Group, as applicable, will have deteriorated significantly, any Trigger Event will likely be accompanied by a prior deterioration in the market price of the Ordinary Shares, which may be expected to continue after announcement of the relevant Trigger Event. Therefore, in the event of the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Current Market Price of an Ordinary Share may be below the Floor Price, and investors could receive Conversion Shares at a time when the market price of the Conversion Shares is considerably less than the Conversion Price. In such circumstances, Noteholders may receive a smaller number of Conversion Shares than expected by the Noteholders. In addition, there may be a delay in a Noteholder receiving its Conversion Shares following an Automatic Conversion, during which time the market price of the Ordinary Shares may fall further. As a result, the value of the Conversion Shares received following an Automatic Conversion could be substantially lower than the price paid for the Notes at the time of their purchase.

Also, because the Notes are denominated in a currency other than SEK and any Conversion Shares will be denominated in SEK, fluctuations in the exchange rates between these two currencies may adversely affect the number of Conversion Shares delivered to a Noteholder as a result of an Automatic Conversion.

2.2.1.3

Noteholders may lose a right to dividends, distributions or other rights emanating from the Conversion Shares in the event o f liquidation (Sw: Hkvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) proceedings o f the Issuer prior to the registration o f such Conversion Shares with the Share Registrar or the SCRO

In the event that liquidation (Sw; likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw; konkurs) proceedings have been initiated against the Issuer after the Conversion Date but before the Conversion Shares have been registered with the Share Registrar or the SCRO, the Conversion Shares may not be registered at all or may only be registered if the liquidator or the administrator in the bankruptcy (Sw; konkurs) (if and when appointed) so agrees. The Conversion Shares will carry a right to dividends, distributions and other rights having a record date that occurs on or after the Registration Date. If the Conversion Shares are not registered with the Share Registrar or the SCRO, the Noteholders will not have the benefit of any dividends, distributions or other rights in relation to the share capital of the Issuer emanating from the Conversion Shares which are contingent upon such registration.

2.2.1.4

In addition to a conversion o f the Notes in accordance with Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism) as described above, the Notes may also be written off, written down, converted to ordinary shares or otherwise modified in a manner which is materially adverse to investors in circumstances where the resolution authorities exercise powers under E U recovery and resolution regimes. The exercise o f any such power or any suggestion o f such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights o f Noteholders, the price or value o f their investment in the Notes and/or the ability o f the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes

On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD") entered into force.

31

The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of the institution's failure on the economy and financial system.

The BRRD provided that it would be applied by Member States from 1 January 2015, except for the general bail-in tool (see below) which was applied from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was implemented in Sweden on 1 February 2016 through the Swedish Resolutions Act (Sw. lag (2015:1016) om resolution). The BRRD contains different resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. Among those resolution tools the bail-in tool gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including the Notes) to equity (the "general bail-in tool"). Such equity could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.

An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).

In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments such as the Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of the Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool.

For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or such institution's group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or such institution's group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Notes) are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution or such institution's group would no longer be viable.

The powers set out in the BRRD impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The Noteholders may be subject to write down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.

2.2.1.5

The value o f the Notes may decline because o f changes, or perceived changes, in the CET1 Ratio o f the Issuer or the Group. The circumstances that may give rise to a Trigger Event are unpredictable, as there are a number o f factors that could affect the CET1 Ratio o f the Issuer or the Group

The market price of the Notes is expected to be affected by changes, or perceived changes, in the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group. Changes, or perceived changes, in the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group may be caused by changes in the amount of CET1 Capital and/or Risk Exposure Amount, as well as changes to their respective definition and interpretation under the Relevant Rules.

32

The Issuer only publicly reports the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and the Group quarterly as of the period end, and therefore during the quarterly period there is no published updating of the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group and there may be no prior warning of adverse changes in the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group. The CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group may fluctuate during a quarterly period, as described below. Any decline in the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group, and/or an indication that the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group is moving towards the level of a Trigger Event and that a Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.
The occurrence of a Trigger Event is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, including those discussed in greater detail in the following paragraphs, any of which may be outside the Issuer's control.
The calculation of the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and the Group could be affected by one or more factors, including, among other things, changes in the mix of the Group's business, major events affecting the Group's earnings, dividend payments by the Issuer, regulatory changes (including changes to definitions and calculations of regulatory capital ratios and their components, including CET1 Capital and Risk Exposure Amount) and the Group's ability to manage assets included in its Risk Exposure Amount in both its on-going businesses and those which it may seek to exit.
The Issuer will have no obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders in connection with the strategic decisions of the Group, including in respect of capital management. Noteholders will not have any claim against the Issuer or any other member of the Swedbank Group relating to decisions that affect the business and operations of the Swedbank Group, including its capital position, regardless of whether they result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event. Such decisions could cause Noteholders to lose all or part of the value of their investment in the Notes.
In addition, the Group has capital resources and assets included in its Risk Exposure Amount denominated in foreign currencies, and changes in foreign exchange rates will result in changes in the relevant currency equivalent value of foreign currency denominated capital resources and assets included in its Risk Exposure Amount. As a result, the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and the Group is exposed to foreign currency movements.
The calculation of the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and the Group may also be affected by changes in applicable accounting rules, or by changes to regulatory adjustments which modify the regulatory capital impact of accounting rules. Moreover, even if changes in applicable accounting rules, or changes to regulatory adjustments which modify accounting rules, are not yet in force as of the relevant calculation date, the Swedish FSA could require the Issuer to reflect such changes in any particular calculation of the relevant CET1 Ratio. Any decline in the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.
Because of the inherent uncertainty regarding whether a Trigger Event will occur it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, an Automatic Conversion may occur. Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Notes is not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour of other types of security.
2.2.1.6 Noteholders will also bear the risk o f fluctuations in the price o f the Ordinary Shares
The market price of the Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the market price of the Ordinary Shares, in particular if at any time there is a significant deterioration in the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group. It is impossible to predict whether the price of the Ordinary Shares will rise or fall. Market prices of the Ordinary Shares will be influenced by, among other things, the financial position of the Issuer and the Swedbank Group, the results of operations and political, economic, financial and other factors. Any decline in the market price of the Ordinary Shares or any indication that the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group is trending towards the occurrence of a Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. The level of the CET1 Ratio of the
33

Issuer or the Group may also significantly affect the market price of the Notes and/or the Ordinary Shares.

2.2.1.7 The value o f the Notes may decline because the holders do not have anti-dilution protection in all circumstances. In particular, the occurrence o f corporate actions or events in respect of which no adjustment to the Floor Price is made may adversely affect the value o f the Notes

The number of Conversion Shares which are to be issued in respect of each Note upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event shall be determined by dividing the aggregate principal amount of such Note outstanding immediately prior to the Conversion Date by the Conversion Price (rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest whole number of Conversion Shares).

The Conversion Price will be, if the Ordinary Shares are:

(a)

then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the greater of:

(i)

the Current Market Price of an Ordinary Share on the Conversion Date translated

into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate; and

(ii)

the Floor Price on the Conversion Date; or

(b)

not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Floor Price on the

Conversion Date.

The Floor Price will be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain corporate actions, as specified in Condition 5(g) (Adjustment of Floor Price) provided always that the Floor Price shall not be less than the quota value (Sw; kvotvarde) of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to Automatic Conversion translated into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate. However, save as specified in Condition 5(g) (Adjustment of Floor Price), there is no requirement that there should be an adjustment of the Floor Price for any other corporate actions or events that may affect the market price of the Conversion Shares, including, without limitation, as a result of any extraordinary distributions to the holders of Ordinary Shares.

Accordingly, the occurrence of corporate actions or events in respect of which no adjustment to the Floor Price is made may adversely affect the value of the Notes.

2.2.1.8 The Notes are deeply subordinated obligations

The Notes are unsecured, deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer and are currently the most junior debt instruments of the Issuer, ranking behind claims of depositors of the Issuer, other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and subordinated creditors of the Issuer in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness other than Parity Securities and Junior Securities which comprise Subordinated Indebtedness, pari passu amongst themselves and at least pari passu with Parity Securities and currently in priority only to all Junior Securities.

In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw; likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw; konkurs) of the Issuer, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after payments to such prior ranking creditors to pay amounts due under the Notes.

Despite their pari passu ranking in case of liquidation or bankruptcy, due to different trigger levels for loss absorption among the Notes and some of the Parity Securities (or, as the case may be, no loss absorption trigger event), the Notes will absorb losses of the Issuer by being converted into Ordinary Shares before holders of such Parity Securities have to suffer any losses by way of being written down. In addition, any failure to write down Parity Securities may result in the Notes being converted into Ordinary Shares sooner than expected.

34

For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of the Notes shall, in a winding-up (Sw; likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw; konkurs) of the Issuer which commences prior to any Conversion Date, have no claim in respect of the surplus assets (if any) of the Issuer remaining in any winding-up or dissolution following payment of all amounts due in respect of the liabilities of the Issuer.

2.2.1.9 The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the Notes

There is no restriction on the amount or type of further securities or indebtedness that the Issuer or its subsidiaries may issue, incur or guarantee, as the case may be, that rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes offered hereby. The issue or guaranteeing of any such further securities or indebtedness may reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders in the case of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw; likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw; konkurs) of the Issuer and may limit its ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not contain any restriction on the Issuer issuing securities that may have preferential rights to the Notes or securities with similar or different provisions to those described herein.

2.2.1.10 The Notes are o f a perpetual nature

The Notes have no fixed final redemption date and holders have no rights to call for the redemption of the Notes. Although the Issuer may redeem the Notes in certain circumstances there are limitations on its ability to do so. There will be no redemption at the option of the Noteholders in any circumstances. Therefore, Noteholders should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for an indefinite period of time.

2.2.1.11 Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer or upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Event

Subject as provided herein, in particular to Condition 6(e) (Conditions to Redemption), Condition 6(f) (Notice for redemption) and Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on any Optional Redemption Date at their principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled (or deemed to be cancelled in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest Cancellation)). Subject as aforesaid, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Event, the Issuer may also, at its option, at any time redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, together with any accrued but unpaid interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled (or deemed to be cancelled in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest Cancellation)).

An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

Upon redemption, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

2.2.1.12 Remedies in respect o f the Notes are severely limited

The Notes will contain limited enforcement events as follows:

(i)

where the Issuer fails to pay any amount that has become due and payable under the Notes

pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Capital Event), Condition 6(c) (Redemption for

Tax Event) or Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (redemption under

each such condition being subject to Condition 6(e) (Conditions to Redemption), Condition

35

6(f) (Notice for redemption) and Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event)) and such failure continues for fourteen (14) days and each Noteholder may, subject to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (1987:672), institute proceedings in the Kingdom of Sweden (or such other jurisdiction in which the Issuer may be organised) (but not elsewhere) for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt and/or prove or claim in the Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer; and

(ii)

the occurrence of a Winding-up Event, where such Winding-up Event occurs before the

occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Notes will become immediately due and payable at their

principal amount, but subject to the Noteholders only being able to claim payment in respect

of the Notes in the Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer.

However, in each case, the Noteholder may claim payment in respect of the Notes only in the winding-up or, as the case may be, bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) or liquidation (Sw: likvidation) of the Issuer.

2.2.1.13 Noteholders will have to submit a Delivery Notice in order to receive delivery o f the Conversion Shares and they (o r their nominee, custodian or other representative) w ill have to have an account withEuroclearSweden in order to receive the Conversion Shares

In order to obtain delivery of the Conversion Shares, a Noteholder must deliver a Delivery Notice (and the relevant Notes) to the Settlement Shares Depositary in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (if the Notes are in definitive form) to the Paying and Conversion Agent. The Delivery Notice must contain certain information, including the Noteholder's Euroclear Sweden account details. Accordingly, Noteholders (or their nominee, custodian or other representative) will have to have an account with Euroclear Sweden in order to receive the Conversion Shares. If a Noteholder fails to properly complete and deliver a Delivery Notice on or before the Notice Cut-off Date, the Settlement Shares Depositary shall continue to hold the Conversion Shares on trust (or other similar arrangement) for ten (10) Business Days until a Delivery Notice (and the relevant Notes) is or are so validly delivered. The Issuer shall have no liability to any Noteholder for any loss resulting from such Noteholder not receiving any Conversion Shares or from any delay in the receipt thereof, in each case as a result of such Noteholder failing to submit a valid Delivery Notice on a timely basis or at all.

2.2.1.14 Receipt by the Settlement Shares Depositary o f the Conversion Shares shall irrevocably discharge and satisfy the Issuer's obligations in respect o f the Notes

The Issuer will deliver the relevant Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary on the Registration Date, and the Settlement Shares Depositary will hold the Conversion Shares on behalf of the Noteholders. Receipt by the Settlement Shares Depositary of the Conversion Shares shall irrevocably discharge and satisfy the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes and a Noteholder shall, with effect on and from the Registration Date, only have recourse to the Settlement Shares Depositary for the delivery to it of the relevant Conversion Shares. The Issuer shall not have any liability for the performance of the obligations of the Settlement Shares Depositary.

In addition, the Issuer has not yet appointed a Settlement Shares Depositary and the Issuer may not be able to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary if an Automatic Conversion occurs. In such a scenario, the Issuer would inform Noteholders of any alternative arrangements in connection with the issuance and/or delivery of the Conversion Shares, and such arrangements may be disadvantageous to, and more restrictive on, the Noteholders. For example, such arrangements may involve Noteholders having to wait longer to receive their Conversion Shares than would be the case under the arrangements expected to be entered into with a Settlement Shares Depositary. An issue of the Conversion Shares by the Issuer to the relevant recipient in accordance with these alternative arrangements shall constitute a complete and irrevocable release of all of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes.

36

2.2.1.15 Noteholders may be obliged to make a takeover bid upon the occurrence o f the Trigger Event if they take delivery o f Conversion Shares
Upon the occurrence of the Trigger Event, a Noteholder receiving Conversion Shares may have to make a takeover bid addressed to all the shareholders of the Issuer pursuant to the Swedish Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act (2006:451) (as amended or replaced from time to time) implementing Directive 2004/25/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council if its aggregate holding of voting rights in the Issuer (or its voting rights aggregated with those of its related parties) represent at least 30 per cent. of all the voting rights in the Issuer.
2.2.1.16 Noteholders who receive Conversion Shares upon the occurrence o f a Trigger Event may be subject to disclosure obligations and/or may need approval by the Issuer's regulators and other authorities
As the Notes are convertible into Conversion Shares in certain circumstances, an investment in the Notes may result in a Noteholder, upon conversion of its Notes into Conversion Shares, having to comply with certain disclosure and/or approval requirements pursuant to the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (2004:297) and the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980) (each as amended or replaced from time to time) and other laws and regulations. Non-compliance with such disclosure and/or approval requirements may lead to the incurrence by the Noteholder of substantial fines and/or suspension of voting rights associated with the Conversion Shares.
2.2.1.17 Noteholders who receive Conversion Shares may be subject to compulsory acquisition proceedings in relation to their Conversion Shares
Pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551), a shareholder that directly or indirectly holds more than 90 per cent. of the shares of the Issuer is entitled to acquire the other shareholders' shares and each minority shareholder is entitled to require such majority shareholder to acquire its shares. A majority shareholder that exercises such right to acquire the outstanding shares in the Issuer is also entitled to acquire any convertibles (including the Notes) or warrants issued by the Issuer. Each holder of such convertibles or warrants (including the Noteholders) is entitled to require the majority shareholder to acquire its convertibles (including the Notes) or warrants notwithstanding that the majority shareholder does not exercise its right to acquire the outstanding shares. If an agreement on the purchase price cannot be reached between the parties, the purchase price shall be determined through arbitration and generally be the price which could be expected in a sale under normal circumstances. A shareholder or a holder of a convertible or a warrant who does not participate in the arbitration will be represented by a trustee appointed by the SCRO.
2.2.1.18 The Notes will be repaid if the Issuer fails to register the resolution to issue the Notes with the SCRO within the prescribed timeframe
The issue of the Notes must comply with certain procedural requirements laid down in the Swedish Companies Act. Under such Act, the Issuer must register with the SCRO its resolution to issue the Notes within six months of such resolution being made. If the Issuer fails to comply with this registration requirement or if the resolution for any other reason is not registered, the resolution to issue the Notes will cease to be valid and the Issuer will be obliged under the Swedish Companies Act to repay any sums paid for subscribed Notes, together with interest according to the Swedish Interest Act (Sw: räntelagen). In addition, potential investors should note that it is unclear how such repayment would be practically operated.
An investor generally may not be able to reinvest the repaid sums at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being repaid and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower interest rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
37

2.2.1.19 Notes are not aggregated for the purposes o f determining the number o f Conversion Shares to be issued in respect o f a Noteholder's holding in the Notes
If one or more Delivery Notices and relevant Notes are delivered by a Noteholder to the Settlement Shares Depositary (as provided in Condition 5(d) (Settlement Procedure)) such that any Conversion Shares to be issued and delivered to such Noteholder following an Automatic Conversion are to be registered in the same name, the number of Conversion Shares to be issued and delivered in respect thereof shall be calculated on the basis of individual Notes and not on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of such Notes to be converted.
The number of Conversion Shares to be issued in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with the calculation in Condition 5(c) (The Conversion Shares) and such calculation shall be rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest whole number of Conversion Shares. Fractions of Conversion Shares will not be issued following an Automatic Conversion and no cash payment will be made in lieu thereof. There is therefore a risk that a Noteholder submitting more than one Delivery Notice may receive fewer Conversion Shares than it would otherwise have received had its holding in the Notes been aggregated (where the aggregate principal amount of a Noteholder's Notes would have qualified such Noteholder for additional Conversion Shares when calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) (The Conversion Shares)).
2.2.1.20 In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms o f the Notes
If at any time a Capital Event or a Tax Event occurs, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior permission of the Swedish FSA (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities as further provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, provided that the Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in its reasonable opinion (following consultation with an investment bank or financial advisor of international standing which is independent of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries), are materially less favourable to Noteholders as a class, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation.
2.2.1.21 Uncertainties remain regarding the manner in which CRD IV will be interpreted
The defined terms in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will depend in some cases on the final interpretation of CRD IV. CRD IV is a recently-adopted set of rules and regulations that imposes a series of new requirements, many of which will be phased in over a number of years. Certain portions of CRD IV required transposition into Swedish law, and although the CRR will be directly applicable in each Member State, the CRR leaves a number of important interpretational issues to be resolved through binding technical standards that have been adopted, and will be adopted in the future, and leaves certain other matters to the discretion of the Relevant Regulator. The manner in which the framework and requirements under CRD IV will be applied to the Issuer and the Group remains uncertain to a degree.
Such uncertainty relating to future interpretation may have a material impact on the market price of the Notes and/or the ability to accurately value the Notes.
38

2.2.1.22 Any failure by the Issuer and/or the Group to comply with its MREL requirement could result, among other things, in the imposition o f restrictions or prohibitions on discretionary payments by the Issuer, including interest payments on the Notes
For a discussion as to how MREL requirements may affect Swedbank, see risk factor 2.1.15 "Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital".
As outlined in risk factor 2.1.15 above the regulatory framework around the MREL requirement, including its implementation in Sweden, is not yet in final form and is also the subject of the Proposals. If the Proposals are adopted in their current form, a failure by the Issuer or the Group to comply with the MREL requirement means the Issuer could become subject to the restrictions on payments on Additional Tier 1 securities, including the Notes (subject to a potential six month grace period). If the Issuer becomes subject to these restrictions, the Proposals provide that any discretionary payments on the Notes and other Additional Tier 1 securities (which will be subject to the maximum distributable amount restrictions) should be prioritised over distributions on CET1 capital or discretionary employee bonus/pension payments.
2.2.2 Risks relating to the Market Generally
2.2.2.1 The Secondary Market Generally
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
2.2.2.2 Lack o f Liquidity in the Secondary Market may adversely affect the Market Value o f the Notes
Generally weak global credit market conditions could contribute to a lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. In addition, the recent liquidity crisis has limited the primary market for a number of financial products, including instruments similar to the Notes. While some measures have been taken by governments, there can be no assurance that the market for securities similar to the Notes will recover, either at all or at the same time or to the same degree as any other recovering global credit market sectors.
A failure of the market for securities similar to the Notes to recover could adversely affect the market value of the Notes.
2.2.2.3 Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in U.S. dollars. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than U.S. dollars. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of U.S. dollars or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to U.S. dollars would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
39

2.2.2.4 Interest Rate Risks
Notwithstanding that the rate of interest applicable to the Notes will be reset on the First Call Date and on each Reset Date thereafter, an investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates during the Initial Period or, as the case may be, during a Reset Interest Period may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Following the First Call Date, there is a risk that the rate of interest applicable to the Notes could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or, as the case may be, the rate of interest applicable to the Notes may be less than the rate of interest applicable to the previous Reset Interest Period(s), which could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes.
In addition, a holder of securities with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the relevant securities, such as the Notes, is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income.
2.2.2.5 Credit Ratings may not reflect all risks
The Notes are expected to be assigned the following ratings: BBB by S&P, BBB by Fitch and Baa3 by Moody's. There is no guarantee that such ratings will be assigned or maintained or that such credit ratings reflect the potential impact of all risks related to an investment in the Notes. Rating agencies may change their rating methodologies, which could lead to a change in the credit ratings assigned to the Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. Any such revision, suspension or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the Notes.
2.2.3 General Risks Relating to Notes
2.2.3.1 Modification and Waiver
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for convening meetings of holders of the Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of the Notes including holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that, subject to Condition 14(c) (Relevant Regulator notice or permission), the Notes and the Terms and Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree without the consent of the Noteholders to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
2.2.3.2 Change o f Law
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed by English law, except for Condition 2 (Status) and any non contractual obligations in relation thereto, any conversion of the Notes into Ordinary Shares and any Compulsory Acquisition Proceedings which shall be governed by Swedish law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Swedish law or administrative practice on or after the date of issue of the Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of the Notes.
2.2.3.3 Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures
The Notes will be represented on issue by a Global Note that will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the Global Notes, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Euroclear and
40

Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are in global form, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. While the Notes are in global form, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to a common depositary. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in such a Global Note.
41

3

Information Incorporated by Reference

The following information shall be incorporated in, and forms part of, this Offering Circular:

(1)

the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2015 and 2014

(including the auditors' reports thereon) contained in the annual reports of the Issuer for the years

ended 31 December 2015 and 2014 which can be viewed online at www.swedbank.com/investor-

relations/financial-information-and-publications/annual-reports/index.htm; and

(2)

the unaudited financial information in the published unaudited interim report of the Issuer as at 30

September 2016 which can be viewed online at www.swedbank.com/investor-relations/financial-

information-and-publications/index.htm.

Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular can be obtained, upon request and free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in London.

Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular.

Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular.

The table below sets out the relevant page references for the consolidated financial statements, the notes and the auditor's reports in the Issuer's financial statements for 2015 and 2014 as set out in the respective annual reports:

2015 Financial Statements

Page reference

1

Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Auditor's Report

p.66-70 p.71-143
p.191

2014 Financial Statements

1

Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Auditor's Report

p.62-66 p.67-140
p.191

The table below sets out the relevant page references for the unaudited financial information of the Issuer in the unaudited interim report for the period 1 January 2016 to 30 September 2016:

2016 Third Quarter Interim Financial Statements

1

Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Review Report

p.20-24 p.25-42
p.48

42

4

Terms and Conditions

The U.S.$500,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Additional Tier 1 Convertible Notes (the "Notes") of Swedbank AB (publ), a company incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden and having registration number 502017-7753 (the "Issuer"), are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated the Issue Date (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank N.A., London Branch as the paying and conversion agent (the "Paying and Conversion Agent", which expression includes any successor paying and conversion agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and Citibank N.A., London Branch as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent", which expression includes any successor calculation agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

1.

Form, Denomination and Title

The Notes are serially numbered and in bearer form in the denomination of U.S.$200,000 with Coupons and talons (each, a "Talon") for further Coupons attached at the time of issue. Title to the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

2.

Status

Unless previously converted into Conversion Shares pursuant to Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism), the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer and further entail an obligation for the Noteholders to have their Notes converted into Ordinary Shares as set forth in Chapter 15 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551) (the "Swedish Companies Act") and in these Conditions.

In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) ("Liquidation") or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) ("Bankruptcy") of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders in respect of or arising from the Notes (including any accrued but uncancelled interest or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall rank:

(A)

junior in right of payments to the payment of any present or future claims of (a) depositors of

the Issuer, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, and (c) subordinated creditors of

the Issuer in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness other than Parity Securities and Junior

Securities which comprise Subordinated Indebtedness;

(B)

pari passu without any preference among themselves;

(C)

at least pari passu with payments to holders of present or future outstanding Parity

Securities; and

43

(D)

in priority to payments to holders of present or future outstanding Junior Securities.

In the event of the Liquidation or Bankruptcy of the Issuer that occurs after the date on which a Trigger Event occurs but before the Registration Date, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders in respect of their Notes shall be limited to such amount, if any, as would have been payable to Noteholders on a return of assets in such Liquidation or Bankruptcy of the Issuer if the Registration Date had occurred immediately before the occurrence of such Liquidation or Bankruptcy of the Issuer.

No right of set-off or counterclaim

No Noteholder who shall in the event of the Liquidation or Bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder.

3.

Interest

(a)

Interest Rate: The Notes bear interest from (and including) 16 December 2016 (the "Issue

Date") at the relevant Rate of Interest.

(b)

Interest Payment Dates: Interest will be payable in arrear on 17 March and 17 September in

each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), and the first payment of interest shall be

made on 17 March 2017 in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but

excluding) such Interest Payment Date, all subject as provided in Condition 4 (Interest

Cancellation), Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism) and Condition 7 (Payments)

below.

(c)

Accrual of Interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from (and including) the due date

for redemption pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase).

(d)

Interest to (but excluding) the First Call Date: Subject as provided in Condition 4 (Interest

Cancellation), Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism) and Condition 7 (Payments)

below, for each Interest Period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the

First Call Date, the amount of interest per Calculation Amount payable on:

(i)

each Interest Payment Date (other than the first Interest Payment Date) will be

U.S.$6,000.00; and

(ii)

the first Interest Payment Date will be U.S.$3,033.33.

(e)

Interest from (and including) the First Call Date: The rate of interest for each Interest Period

from (and including) the First Call Date will be equal to the sum of (i) the Reference Rate in

respect of the Reset Interest Period in which such Interest Period falls and (ii) the Margin, all

as determined by the Calculation Agent.

(f)

Determination of Reference Rate in relation to a Reset Interest Period: The Calculation

Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on each Reference

Rate Determination Date in relation to a Reset Interest Period, determine the Reference

Rate for such Reset Interest Period and calculate the amount of interest payable per

Calculation Amount on the Interest Payment Dates in relation to each Interest Period falling

in such Reset Interest Period (each a "Reset Interest Amount").

44

(g)

Publication of Reference Rate and Reset Interest Amount: With respect to each Reset

Interest Period, the Calculation Agent will cause the relevant Reference Rate and the

relevant Reset Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest

Payment Dates in relation to each Interest Period falling in such Reset Interest Period, to be

notified to the Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation

system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or

quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the

relevant Reset Date. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders in

accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).

(h)

Calculation of amount of interest per Calculation Amount: Save as specified in Condition

3(d) (Interest to (but excluding) the First Call Date), and subject as provided in Condition 4

(Interest Cancellation), Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism) and Condition 7

(Payments) below, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount

(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reset Interest Amount) for any period shall be

calculated by:

(i)

applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount;

(ii)

multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and

(iii)

rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded

upwards).

(i)

Calculation of amount of interest per Note: Subject as provided in Condition 4 (Interest

Cancellation), Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism) and Condition 7 (Payments)

below, the amount of interest payable in respect of a Note shall be the product of:

(i)

the amount of interest per Calculation Amount; and

(ii)

the number by which the Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to equal

the denomination of such Note.

(j)

Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations,

quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this

Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the

Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as

aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection

with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such

purposes.

4.

Interest Cancellation

(a)

Discretionary Interest Payments: Interest on the Notes is due and payable only at the sole

and absolute discretion of the Issuer, and the Issuer shall have sole and absolute discretion

at all times to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be due

and payable on any Interest Payment Date. If the Issuer does not make an interest payment

on the relevant Interest Payment Date (or if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a

portion, but not all, of such interest payment), such non-payment shall evidence the Issuer's

exercise of its discretion to cancel such interest payment (or the portion of such interest

payment not paid), and accordingly such interest payment (or the portion thereof not paid)

shall not be due and payable.

If the Issuer provides notice to cancel a portion, but not all, of an interest payment and the Issuer subsequently does not make a payment of the remaining portion of such interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date, such non-payment shall evidence the

45

Issuer's exercise of its discretion to cancel such remaining portion of the interest payment, and accordingly such remaining portion of the interest payment shall also not be due and payable.

(b)

Restriction on Interest Payments: Payments of interest in respect of the Notes in any

financial year of the Issuer shall be made only out of Distributable Items of the Issuer. To

the extent that the Issuer has insufficient Distributable Items to make any payment of

interest in respect of the Notes scheduled for payment in the then current financial year and

any other interest payments or distributions paid and/or required and/or scheduled to be

paid out of Distributable Items in such financial year in accordance with the Relevant Rules,

in each case excluding any portion of such payments already accounted for in determining

the Distributable Items of the Issuer, then the Issuer will, without prejudice to the right above

to cancel all such payments of interest in respect of the Notes, make partial or, as the case

may be, no such payment of interest in respect of the Notes.

(c)

Effect of Interest Cancellation: Interest will only be due and payable on an Interest Payment

Date to the extent it is not cancelled or deemed cancelled in accordance with Condition 4(a)

(Discretionary Interest Payments) and Condition 4(b) (Restriction on Interest Payments)

above. Any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled (in each case, in whole or in part) in

such circumstances shall not be due and shall not accumulate or be payable at any time

thereafter nor shall any non-payment of such interest constitute an event of default under

Condition 10 (Winding-Up, Non-payment, Breach of Obligations, Remedies), and

Noteholders shall have no rights thereto or to receive any additional interest or

compensation as a result of such cancellation or deemed cancellation. The Issuer may use

such cancelled payments without restriction to meet its obligations as they fall due.

(d)

Notice of Interest Cancellation: If practicable, the Issuer shall provide notice of any

cancellation or deemed cancellation of interest (in whole or in part) to the Noteholders on or

prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. If practicable, the Issuer shall endeavour to

provide such notice at least five (5) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment

Date. Failure to provide such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or

otherwise invalidate, any such cancellation or deemed cancellation of interest, or give

Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure.

5.

Loss Absorption Mechanism

(a)

Automatic Conversion Upon Trigger Event

(i)

Automatic Conversion: If a Trigger Event occurs at any time, then an Automatic

Conversion will be deemed to have occurred immediately at such time (the date

on which such Trigger Event occurs being the "Conversion Date"), and the Notes

will be converted into Conversion Shares at the Conversion Price as provided in

this Condition 5.

(ii)

Effect of Automatic Conversion: From and including the Conversion Date:

(A)

the principal amount of the Notes will be written down to zero and,

accordingly, the principal amount of the Notes shall equal zero at all

times thereafter;

(B)

any interest in respect of an Interest Period ending on any Interest

Payment Date falling on or after the Conversion Date shall be

automatically cancelled and shall not be due and payable;

(C)

no Noteholder will have any rights against the Issuer with respect to the

repayment of the principal amount of the Notes or the payment of

46

interest or any other amount on or in respect of such Notes, which obligations and liabilities of the Issuer shall be irrevocably and automatically released; and

(D)

subject to the last paragraph of Condition 5(d) (Settlement Procedure),

the Issuer's only obligations and liabilities under the Notes shall be an

obligation to deliver Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares

Depositary on behalf of the Noteholders on the Registration Date in

accordance with this Condition 5.

An Automatic Conversion shall not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer's obligations or duties under these Conditions or a failure to perform by the Issuer in any manner whatsoever and shall not entitle Noteholders to petition for the insolvency or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise.

(iii)

No option to convert: The Notes are not convertible into Conversion Shares at the

option of the Noteholders or the Issuer at any time.

(b)

Automatic Conversion Procedure

If an Automatic Conversion has occurred, the Issuer shall immediately inform the Relevant Regulator and shall deliver an Automatic Conversion Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and to the Fiscal Agent on or within five (5) Business Days after the occurrence of the Trigger Event (or within such shorter period as the Relevant Regulator may require).

Failure to provide such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such Automatic Conversion, or give Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure.

(c)

The Conversion Shares

The number of Conversion Shares which are to be issued in respect of each Note shall be determined by dividing the aggregate principal amount of such Note outstanding immediately prior to the Conversion Date by the Conversion Price rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest whole number of Conversion Shares. Fractions of Conversion Shares will not be issued following an Automatic Conversion and no cash payment will be made in lieu thereof.

The Conversion Shares resulting from an Automatic Conversion will be fully paid and non assessable and will in all respects rank pari passu with all other Ordinary Shares in issue on the Registration Date, except in any such case for any right excluded by mandatory provisions of applicable law and except that the Conversion Shares so issued will not rank for the purposes of (or, as the case may be, the relevant Noteholder shall not be entitled to receive) any rights, the entitlement to which falls prior to the Conversion Date. The Conversion Shares will carry a right to dividends, distributions and rights having a record date that occurs on or after the registration of the Conversion Shares (whether in the form of interim shares or regular shares) with the Share Registrar (the date such registration occurs being the "Registration Date").

(d)

Settlement Procedure

Subject to the last paragraph of this Condition 5(d), the obligation of the Issuer to issue and deliver Conversion Shares to a Noteholder shall be satisfied by the delivery of the Conversion Shares in respect of the Note(s) of such Noteholder to the Settlement Shares Depositary on the Registration Date. Such delivery will be deemed to have occurred when

47

the Conversion Shares are registered (whether as interim shares or regular shares) in the name of the Settlement Shares Depositary by the Share Registrar. With effect on and from the Registration Date, a Noteholder shall have recourse only to the Settlement Shares Depositary for the delivery of the number of Conversion Shares determined in respect of its Note(s) in accordance with Condition 5(c) (The Conversion Shares).

Delivery of the Conversion Shares by the Settlement Shares Depositary to the Noteholders will be made solely by book-entry with the Share Registrar and no physical share certificate will be delivered to any Noteholder in respect of any Conversion Share. Such delivery to a Noteholder will be made in accordance with the following procedures:

(i)

on the Registration Date, the Issuer shall deliver (in accordance with the first

paragraph of this Condition 5(d)) to the Settlement Shares Depositary such

number of Conversion Shares as is required to satisfy in full its obligation to

deliver Conversion Shares on the Registration Date;

(ii)

following the delivery by the Issuer of an Automatic Conversion Notice, each

Noteholder shall deliver a duly completed irrevocable Delivery Notice to the

Paying and Conversion Agent at its specified office, together with its Notes, within

the period of five (5) business days (in the relevant place of delivery) from (and

including) the delivery of the Automatic Conversion Notice to the Noteholders in

accordance with Condition 5(b) (Automatic Conversion Procedure) (the date on

which such period expires being the "Notice Cut-off Date");

(iii)

the Paying and Conversion Agent shall give instructions to the Settlement Shares

Depositary for the relevant Conversion Shares to be delivered by the Settlement

Shares Depositary to each Noteholder on the Registration Date or as soon as

practicable thereafter in accordance with the instructions given in the relevant

Delivery Notice, provided that such duly completed Delivery Notice and the

relevant Notes have been so delivered to the Paying and Conversion Agent not

later than the Notice Cut-off Date;

(iv)

any determination as to whether any Delivery Notice has been properly completed

and delivered together with the relevant Note(s) as provided in these Conditions

shall be made by the Settlement Shares Depositary in its sole discretion and shall

be conclusive and binding on the relevant Noteholder; and

(v)

in the case of any Noteholder which fails to deliver a valid Delivery Notice prior to

the Notice Cut-off Date (each, an "Affected Noteholder"), the relevant Conversion

Shares shall, for a period of ten (10) Business Days from (and including) the

Notice Cut-Off Date, continue to be held on trust (or other similar arrangement) by

the Settlement Shares Depositary for such Noteholder until such Noteholder

delivers a duly completed Delivery Notice and the relevant Note(s) and subject to

Condition 5(e)(i) below. Following such ten (10) Business Day period, the

Settlement Shares Depositary shall use its reasonable endeavours to sell the

relevant Conversion Shares in the open market and it shall hold the cash

proceeds (the "Cash Proceeds") received from such sale (after deduction of any

costs or expenses incurred by it in relation thereto) on trust (or other similar

arrangement) on behalf of the Affected Noteholder until such Affected Noteholder

delivers a duly completed Delivery Notice, subject to a ten (10) year prescription

period and subject to Condition 5(e)(i) below.

For so long as the Conversion Shares are held by the Settlement Shares Depositary on behalf of each Noteholder, the Settlement Shares Depositary, subject to applicable laws, shall also hold any Cash Dividends and any other dividends or rights distributed to all other

48

Shareholders as a class in respect of such Conversion Shares on trust (or other similar arrangement) for such Noteholder. The Settlement Shares Depositary shall use its reasonable endeavours to sell any such rights in the open market before expiry and it shall hold the cash proceeds received from such sale (after deduction of any costs or expenses incurred by it in relation thereto) on trust (or other similar arrangement) on behalf of each Noteholder. Cash Dividend(s) (and other dividends or rights or proceeds therefrom) shall be paid to the relevant Noteholder in accordance with the instructions given in the relevant Delivery Notice.

If the Issuer has been unable to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary prior to the last date on which it is permitted to deliver the Automatic Conversion Notice, it shall make such other arrangements for the issuance and/or delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Noteholders as it shall consider reasonable in the circumstances, which may include issuing the Conversion Shares to the Noteholders directly, which issuance shall irrevocably and automatically release all of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes as if the Conversion Shares had been issued to the Settlement Shares Depositary. In such circumstances, the Issuer will specify details about the relevant arrangements in the Automatic Conversion Notice.

(e)

Entitlement to Conversion Shares or Cash Proceeds

(i)

Any Affected Noteholder delivering a Delivery Notice after the Notice Cut-off Date

will have to provide evidence of its entitlement to the relevant Conversion Shares

or Cash Proceeds (as the case may be) satisfactory to the Settlement Shares

Depositary in its sole and absolute discretion in order to receive delivery of such

Conversion Shares or Cash Proceeds (as the case may be).

(ii)

Neither the Settlement Shares Depositary nor the Issuer shall have any liability to

any Noteholder for any loss resulting from such Noteholder not receiving any

Conversion Shares (or Cash Proceeds) or from any delay in the receipt thereof, in

each case as a result of such Noteholder failing to duly submit a Delivery Notice

and the relevant Notes, if applicable, on a timely basis or at all.

(iii)

Neither the Issuer nor the Settlement Shares Depositary shall have any liability in

respect of the sale of any Conversion Shares or rights, whether for the timing of

any such sale or the price at or manner in which any such Conversion Shares or

rights are sold or the inability to sell any such Conversion Shares or rights.

(f)

Taxes

Neither the Issuer, nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be liable for any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, or any other capital, issue, transfer, registration, financial transaction or documentary tax that may arise or be paid as a consequence of the delivery of Conversion Shares, which tax shall be borne solely by the Noteholder.

(g)

Adjustment of Floor Price

Upon the happening of any of the events described below, the Floor Price shall be adjusted as follows, provided always, that the Floor Price shall not be less than the quota value (Sw; kvotvärde) of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to Automatic Conversion translated into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate:

(i)

If and whenever there shall be a consolidation (Sw: sammanläggning),

reclassification (Sw; omvandling) or subdivision (Sw; uppdelning) in relation to the

Ordinary Shares which alters the number of Ordinary Shares in issue, the Floor

49

Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Floor Price in force immediately prior to such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision by the following fraction:

A B

where:

A

is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before

such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be;

and

B

is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately after,

and as a result of, such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as

the case may be.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date the consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be, takes effect.

(ii)

If and whenever the Issuer shall issue any Ordinary Shares to Shareholders as a

class credited as fully paid by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves (Sw;

fondemission) (including any share premium account or capital redemption

reserve), the Floor Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Floor Price in force

immediately prior to such issue by the following fraction:

A B

where:

A

is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before

such issue; and

B

is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately after

such issue.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Ordinary Shares.

(iii)

If and whenever the Issuer shall issue Ordinary Shares to all or substantially all

Shareholders as a class by way of rights, or the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or

(at the direction or request or pursuant to arrangements with the Issuer or any of

its Subsidiaries) any other company, person or entity shall issue or grant to

Shareholders as a class by way of rights, any options, warrants or other rights to

subscribe for or purchase Ordinary Shares, or any Securities which by their terms

of issue carry (directly or indirectly) rights of conversion into, or exchange or

subscription for, any Ordinary Shares (or shall grant any such rights in respect of

existing Securities so issued), in each case at a price per Ordinary Share which is

less than 95 per cent. of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the

relevant Effective Date, the Floor Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Floor

Price in force immediately prior to the relevant Effective Date by the following

fraction:

A+B A+C

50

where:

A

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue on the relevant Effective Date;

B

is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate consideration (if

any) receivable for the Ordinary Shares issued by way of rights, or for

the Securities issued by way of rights, or for the options or warrants or

other rights issued by way of rights and for the total number of Ordinary

Shares deliverable on the exercise thereof, would purchase at such

Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the relevant Effective Date;

and

C

is the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued or, as the case may be,

the maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be issued upon

exercise of such options, warrants or rights calculated as at the date of

issue of such options, warrants or rights or upon conversion or

exchange or exercise of rights of subscription or purchase in respect

thereof at the initial conversion, exchange, subscription or purchase

price or rate,

provided that if, on the relevant Effective Date, such number of Ordinary Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time, then for the purposes of this Condition 5(g)(iii), "C" shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the relevant Effective Date and as if such conversion, exchange, subscription, purchase or acquisition had taken place on the relevant Effective Date.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the relevant Effective Date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions:

(A)

where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment pursuant to this

Condition 5(g) have already resulted or will result in an adjustment to the Floor

Price or where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment arise by

virtue of any other events or circumstances which have already given or will give

rise to an adjustment to the Floor Price or where more than one event which gives

rise to an adjustment to the Floor Price occurs within such a short period of time

that, in the opinion of the Issuer, a modification to the operation of the adjustment

provisions is required to give the intended result, such modification shall be made

to the operation of the adjustment provisions as may be determined in good faith

by an Independent Adviser to be in its opinion appropriate to give the intended

result;

(B)

such modification shall be made to the operation of these Conditions as may be

determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser to be in its opinion

appropriate (i) to ensure that an adjustment to the Floor Price or the economic

effect thereof shall not be taken into account more than once, and (ii) to reflect a

redenomination of the issued Ordinary Shares for the time being into a new

currency; and

(C)

for the avoidance of doubt, the issue of Ordinary Shares upon an Automatic

Conversion or upon any conversion or exchange in respect of any other Securities

51

or the exercise of any other options, warrants or other rights shall not result in an adjustment to the Floor Price.

(h)

Determination of Consideration Receivable

For the purpose of any calculation of the consideration receivable or price pursuant to Condition 5(g)(iii), the following provisions shall apply:

(i)

the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares issued for

cash shall be the amount of such cash;

(ii)

(x) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares to be

issued or otherwise made available upon the conversion or exchange of any

Securities shall be deemed to be the consideration or price received or receivable

for any such Securities and (y) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for

Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the exercise of

rights of subscription attached to any Securities or upon the exercise of any

options, warrants or rights shall be deemed to be that part (which may be the

whole) of the consideration or price received or receivable for such Securities or,

as the case may be, for such options, warrants or rights which are attributed by

the Issuer to such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options,

warrants or rights or, if no part of such consideration or price is so attributed, the

Fair Market Value of such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such

options, warrants or rights as at the relevant Effective Date, plus in the case of

each of (x) and (y) above, the additional minimum consideration receivable or

price (if any) upon the conversion or exchange of such Securities, or upon the

exercise of such rights of subscription attached thereto or, as the case may be,

upon exercise of such options, warrants or rights and (z) the consideration

receivable or price per Ordinary Share upon the conversion or exchange of, or

upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached to, such Securities or, as

the case may be, upon the exercise of such options, warrants or rights shall be

the aggregate consideration or price referred to in (x) or (y) above (as the case

may be) divided by the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued upon such

conversion or exchange or exercise at the initial conversion, exchange or

subscription price or rate;

(iii)

if the consideration or price determined pursuant to (i) or (ii) above (or any

component thereof) shall be expressed in a currency other than the Relevant

Currency, it shall be translated into the Relevant Currency at the Prevailing

Exchange Rate on the relevant Effective Date (in the case of (i) above) or the

relevant date of first public announcement (in the case of (ii) above);

(iv)

in determining the consideration or price pursuant to the above, no deduction shall

be made for any commissions or fees (howsoever described) or any expenses

paid or incurred for any underwriting, placing or management of the issue of the

relevant Ordinary Shares or Securities or options, warrants or rights, or otherwise

in connection therewith; and

(v)

the consideration or price shall be determined as provided above on the basis of

the consideration or price received, receivable, paid or payable, regardless of

whether all or part thereof is received, receivable, paid or payable by or to the

Issuer or another entity.

(i)

Decision of an Independent Adviser

52

If any doubt shall arise as to whether an adjustment shall be made to the Floor Price or as to the appropriate adjustment to the Floor Price, the Issuer may at its discretion appoint an Independent Adviser and, following consultation between the Issuer and such Independent Adviser, a written opinion of such Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders, save in the case of manifest error.

(j)

Share Option Schemes, Dividend Reinvestment Plans

No adjustment will be made to the Floor Price where Ordinary Shares or other Securities (including rights, warrants and options) are issued, offered, exercised, allotted, purchased, appropriated, modified or granted to, or for the benefit of, employees or former employees (including directors holding or formerly holding executive office or the personal service company of any such person) or their spouses or relatives, in each case, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any associated company or to a trustee or trustees to be held for the benefit of any such person, in any such case pursuant to any share or option scheme.

(k)

Rounding Down and Notice of Adjustment to the Floor Price

On any adjustment, if the resultant Floor Price has more decimal places than the initial Floor Price, it shall be rounded to the same number of decimal places as the initial Floor Price. No adjustment shall be made to the Floor Price where such adjustment (rounded down if applicable) would be less than one per cent. of the Floor Price then in effect. Any adjustment not required to be made, and/or any amount by which the Floor Price has been rounded down, shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment, and such subsequent adjustment shall be made on the basis that the adjustment not required to be made had been made at the relevant time and/or, as the case may be, that the relevant rounding down had not been made.

Notice of any adjustments to the Floor Price shall be given by the Issuer to Noteholders promptly after the determination thereof in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and to the Paying and Conversion Agent.

The Floor Price shall not in any event be reduced to below the quota value (Sw; kvotvärde) of an Ordinary Share for the time being. The Issuer undertakes that it shall not take any action, and shall procure that no action is taken, that would otherwise result in an adjustment to the Floor Price to below the quota value (Sw; kvotvärde) of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to Automatic Conversion translated into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate.

6.

Redemption and Purchase

(a)

No scheduled redemption: The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for

redemption. The Issuer shall (subject to Condition 2 (Status) and Condition 10 (Winding-Up,

Non-payment, Breach of Obligations, Remedies) and without prejudice to the provisions of

Condition 11 (Prescription) only have the right to redeem or repurchase the Notes in the

circumstances described herein. The Notes are not redeemable at the option of the

Noteholders at any time.

(b)

Redemption for Capital Event: Subject to Condition 6(e) (Conditions to Redemption),

Condition 6(f) (Notice for redemption) and Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event), if a Capital Event

occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part,

at their principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any

interest cancelled or deemed cancelled in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest

Cancellation)) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.

53

(c)

Redemption for Tax Event: Subject to Condition 6(e) (Conditions to Redemption), Condition

6(f) (Notice for redemption) and Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event), if a Tax Event occurs, the

Issuer may, at its option, at any time redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their

principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any interest

cancelled or deemed cancelled in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest Cancellation)) to

(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.

(d)

Redemption at the option of the Issuer: Subject to Condition 6(e) (Conditions to

Redemption), Condition 6(f) (Notice for redemption) and Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event), the

Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on any Optional

Redemption Date at their principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest

(which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled in accordance with Condition 4

(Interest Cancellation)) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.

(e)

Conditions to Redemption: Notwithstanding any other provision, the Issuer may redeem the

Notes (and give notice thereof to the Noteholders) as provided in Condition 6(b)

(Redemption for Capital Event), 6(c) (Redemption for Tax Event) or 6(d) (Redemption at the

option o f the Issuer), as the case may be, only if:

(i)

it has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator for the redemption

of the Notes; and

(ii)

in the case of any redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, (if

required by the Relevant Rules), (A) in the case of redemption upon the

occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the

Relevant Regulator that the applicable change in tax treatment is material and

was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or (B) in the case

redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer has demonstrated

to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the relevant change was not

reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date.

(f)

Notice for redemption: any redemption of the Notes shall be subject to the Issuer providing

not less than thirty (30) days' nor more than sixty (60) days' prior notice to the Noteholders

in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and to the Fiscal Agent (such notice being

irrevocable except in the limited circumstances set out in Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event))

specifying the Issuer's election to redeem the Notes and the date fixed for such redemption,

provided however that where there has been a Tax Event due to the occurrence of an event

falling under limb (A) of that definition, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier

than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay any

Additional Amounts (as defined below).

(g)

Trigger Event: If:

(A)

prior to the payment of the redemption amount with respect to such redemption a

Trigger Event occurs, the relevant redemption notice shall be automatically

rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, no payment of the relevant

redemption amount will be due and payable and an Automatic Conversion shall

occur in accordance with Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism); or

(B)

the Issuer has given notice of its intention to substitute or vary the terms of the

Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (Substitution or Variation instead of

Redemption) but prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, a

Trigger Event occurs, the relevant substitution or variation notice shall be

automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect and an Automatic

54

Conversion shall occur in accordance with Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism).

(h)

No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as

provided in Conditions 6(b) (Redemption for Capital Event) to 6(d) (Redemption at the

option o f the Issuer) above.

(i)

Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in the open market or

otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons

are purchased therewith and that such purchase shall be subject to the Relevant Rules in

force at the relevant time and to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator (if such

permission is required by the Relevant Rules) and to applicable law and regulation.

(j)

Cancellation: Subject to all applicable laws and regulations, all Notes redeemed or

purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Condition 6 and any

unmatured Coupons or unexchanged Talons attached to or surrendered with them may be

cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.

7.

Payments

(a)

Principal: Save as provided in Condition 7(c) (Payments in New York City) below, payments

of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in

full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United

States by U.S. dollar cheque drawn on, or by transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by

the payee with, a bank in New York City.

(b)

Interest. Save as provided in Condition 7(c) (Payments in New York City) below, payments

of interest shall, subject to Condition 7(g) (Payments other than in respect of matured

Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in

full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent

outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 7(a) (Principal) above.

(c)

Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified

Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents

outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be

able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in U.S. dollars when

due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents

is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii)

payment is permitted by applicable United States law without involving in the opinion of the

Issuer, adverse tax consequences.

(d)

Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all

cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but

without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. No commissions or expenses shall be

charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.

(e)

Unmatured Coupons void: On the due date for redemption of any Note pursuant to

Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Capital Event), Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Tax Event),

Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 10 (Winding-Up, Non

payment, Breach of Obligations, Remedies), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto

(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect

thereof.

(f)

Payments on Payment Business Days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect

of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the

holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next

55

succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.

(g)

Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in

respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes

at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if

permitted by Condition 7(c) (Payments in New York City) above).

(h)

Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or

Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement

indicating the amount and the date of such payment.

(i)

Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the

time of issue) part of a coupon sheet relating to the Notes (each, a "Coupon Sheet"), the

Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the

Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet including a further Talon but excluding any

Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition

11 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon

relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such

Talon.

8.

Undertakings

So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will, save with the approval of an Extraordinary Resolution:

(a)

not make any issue, grant or distribution or take or omit to take any other action if the effect

thereof would be that, upon Automatic Conversion, Conversion Shares could not, under any

applicable law then in effect, be legally issued as fully paid;

(b)

deliver Conversion Shares upon Automatic Conversion, subject to and as provided in

Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism);

(c)

use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that its issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares

and Conversion Shares, as the case may be, will be admitted to listing and trading on the

Relevant Stock Exchange;

(d)

at all times ensure there is sufficient registered authorised share capital to enable Automatic

Conversion, and all rights of subscription and exchange for Ordinary Shares, to be satisfied

in full;

(e)

as soon as reasonably practicable (and not later than one month following the occurrence of

a Trigger Event) (i) request and procure the registration of the Conversion Shares with the

SCRO, and (ii) request and procure the registration of the Conversion Shares with the

Share Registrar; and

(f)

where the provisions of Condition 5 require or provide for a determination by an

Independent Adviser or a role to be performed by a Settlement Shares Depositary, the

Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours promptly to appoint such person for such

purpose.

9.

Taxation

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by

56

or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall (to the extent such payment can be made out of Distributable Items which are available mutatis mutandis in accordance with Condition 4(b)) pay in respect of payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount), such additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note:

(a)

held by a Noteholder or by a third party on behalf of a Noteholder, which is liable to such

taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of

its having some connection with the Kingdom of Sweden other than the mere holding of the

Note; or

(b)

where (in the case of a payment of interest on redemption) the relevant Note is surrendered

for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the

relevant Noteholder would have been entitled to any Additional Amounts if it had

surrendered the relevant Note on the last day of such period of 30 days; or

(c)

held by a Noteholder, or by a third party on behalf of a Noteholder who is able to avoid such

withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or residence or other

similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority.

If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to the Kingdom of Sweden, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Sweden shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Sweden and/or such other jurisdiction.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any amounts to be paid with respect to the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), and no additional amounts shall be payable on accou nt of any FATCA Withholding Tax.

10.

Winding-Up, Non-payment, Breach of Obligations, Remedies

(a)

Winding-up: If a Winding-up Event occurs before the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the

Notes will become immediately due and payable at their principal amount, but subject to the

Noteholders only being able to claim payment in respect of the Notes in the Bankruptcy or

Liquidation of the Issuer.

A "Winding-up Event" with respect to the Notes shall result if a court in the Kingdom of Sweden shall have resolved to declare the Bankruptcy of the Issuer or if a duly convened shareholders meeting of the Issuer or the SCRO or the Relevant Regulator or a court in the Kingdom of Sweden (having jurisdiction in respect of the same) shall have declared the Issuer to enter into Liquidation or if any similar event under applicable laws from time to time having the same effect shall have occurred.

(b)

Non-payment: No interest will be due and payable if such interest has been cancelled or is

deemed cancelled (in each case, in whole or in part) as provided in Condition 4 (Interest

57

Cancellation). Accordingly, no default in payment under the Notes will have occurred or be deemed to have occurred in such circumstances.

If the Issuer fails to pay any other amount that has become due and payable under the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Capital Event), Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Tax Event) or Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (redemption under each such condition being subject to Condition 6(e) (Conditions to Redemption), Condition 6(f) (Notice for redemption), and Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event)) and such failure continues for fourteen (14) days, each Noteholder may, subject to the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (1987:672) institute proceedings in the Kingdom of Sweden (or such other jurisdiction in which the Issuer may be organised) (but not elsewhere) for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt and/or prove or claim in the Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer.

(c)

Limited remedies for breach of obligations (other than non-payment): In addition to the

remedies for non-payment provided above, a Noteholder may institute such proceedings

against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term, obligation or condition binding on

the Issuer under the Notes (other than any payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising

from the Notes, including payment of any principal or interest (including Additional Amounts)

and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations) and in no event shall the Issuer,

by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in

cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it pursuant

to these Conditions. The Noteholders shall not enforce, and shall not be entitled to enforce

or otherwise claim, against the Issuer any judgment or other award given in such

proceedings that requires the payment of money by the Issuer, whether by way of damages

or otherwise, except if a Winding-Up Event occurs by claiming in a Liquidation and/or

Bankruptcy of the Issuer in the circumstances provided in Condition 10(a) (Winding-up).

(d)

No other remedies: Other than the limited remedies specified in this Condition 10 or proving

in the Liquidation and/or Bankruptcy of the Issuer, no remedy against the Issuer shall be

available to the Noteholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the

Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in

respect of such Notes.

11.

Prescription

Claims arising, to the extent permitted, for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten (10) years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims arising, to the extent permitted, for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five (5) years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

12.

Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons

If any Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

13.

Paying Agents

In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents, the Paying and Conversion Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the

58

Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.

The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed in the Agency Agreement. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, the Paying and Conversion Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent, paying and conversion agent, calculation agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent, a paying and conversion agent and a calculation agent.

Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents, the Paying and Conversion Agent or the Calculation Agent or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the Noteholders.

14.

Meetings of Noteholders; Modification

(a)

Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening

meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification

of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by

an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be

convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of

the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting

convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or

representing not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding

Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing

Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided,

however, that certain proposals (including any proposal to change any interest payment

date in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any

date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in

respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of payments

under the Notes, to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority

required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution and to modify any provisions of Condition 5

(Loss Absorption Mechanism) (each, a "Reserved Matter")) may only be sanctioned by an

Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more persons

holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, half of the

aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary

Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders,

whether present or not.

In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.

(b)

Modification: Subject to Condition 14(c) (Relevant Regulator notice or permission), the

Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the

Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement

may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree without the

consent of the Noteholders to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or

technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties,

not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.

(c)

Relevant Regulator notice or permission: These Conditions shall only be capable of

modification or waiver, if the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of such modification

59

or waiver or obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, as the case may be, (if such notice or permission is required by the Relevant Rules).

15.

Substitution or Variation instead of Redemption

If at any time a Capital Event or a Tax Event occurs, the Issuer may, instead of giving notice to redeem in accordance with Conditions 6(b) (Redemption for Capital Event) or 6(c) (Redemption for Tax Event) respectively, but solely to the extent permitted at any time by the Relevant Rules and subject to the approval of the Relevant Regulator, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) and having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with these Conditions, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable except in the limited circumstances set out in Condition 6(g) (Trigger Event), at any time either substitute and replace all (but not some only) of the Notes for Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, so that they become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities and provided in each case that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes and provided that, in the case of a substitution, the Notes will be fully replaced by the Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities and all rights under the Notes, including the right to receive Conversion Shares upon Automatic Conversion, shall be cancelled.

16.

Further Issues

The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of theNoteholders ortheCouponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.

17.

Notices

Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.

18.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction;Acknowledgement ofSwedish Statutory Loss Absorption

Powers

(a)

Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection with the Notes are governed by English law, except that the provisions of

Condition 2 (Status) and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with

Condition 2 (Status), the conversion (if any) of the Notes into Conversion Shares and any

Compulsory Acquisition Proceedings are governed by, and shall be construed in

accordance with, the laws of Sweden.

(b)

English courts: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of

England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or

in connection with the Notes (including a dispute regarding any non-contractual obligation

arising out of or in connection with the Notes), except for any Compulsory Acquisition

Proceedings which shall be determined in accordance with Chapter 22 of the Swedish

Companies Act.

(c)

Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts referred to in Condition 18(b) (English

courts) are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and,

accordingly, that it will not argue that any other courts are more appropriate or convenient.

60

(d)

Rights of Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 18(b) (English courts)

is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 18 prevents

any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other

courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent

Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

(e)

Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and

any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served

on it by being delivered to Business Sweden, The Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its

office at 5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG or to such other person with an

address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the

Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall

affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

(f)

Acknowledgement of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers: Notwithstanding and to

the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or

understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this

Condition 18(f), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition

of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the

Notes may be subject to the exercise of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the

Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be

bound by:

(1) the effect of the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof:

(A) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes;

(B) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;

(C) the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and

(D) the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and

(2) the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

19.

Interpretation

(a)

Definitions

In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:

61

"5-year Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Interest Period and the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to such Reset Interest Period:

(a)

the rate for U.S. dollar swaps with a term of five (5) years which appears on the Relevant

Page as of 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such Reference Rate Determination Date; or

(b)

if such rate does not appear on the Relevant Page at such time on such Reference Rate

Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reference Rate

Determination Date;

"5-year Mid-Swap Rate Quotations" means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar interest rate swap transaction which:

(a)

has a term of five (5) years commencing on the relevant Reset Date; and

(b)

is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the

relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and

(c)

has a floating leg based on 3-month U.S. dollar LIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day

count basis);

"Accounting Currency" means SEK or such other primary currency used in the presentation of either the Issuer or the Group's accounts (as the case may be) from time to time;

"Additional Tier 1 Capital" means additional tier 1 capital for the purposes of the Relevant Rules;

"Automatic Conversion" means the automatic conversion of the Notes into the Conversion Shares at the Conversion Price, in accordance with Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism);

"Automatic Conversion Notice" means the written notice to be delivered by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) specifying (i) that a Trigger Event has occurred, (ii) the CET1 Ratio as at the relevant time, (iii) the Conversion Date and the expected Registration Date, (iv) the Conversion Price then prevailing and (v) instructions for Noteholders to receive the relevant Conversion Shares from the Settlement Shares Depositary as described in Condition 5(d) (Settlement Procedure) or, if the Issuer has been unable to appoint the Settlement Shares Depositary, the other arrangements for the Noteholders to receive the relevant Conversion Shares as referred to in the last paragraph of Condition 5(d)(Settlement Procedure);

"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time;

"Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in U.S. dollars in London and New York City;

"Calculation Amount" means U.S.$200,000;

"Calculation Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated from (and including) the first day in such period to (but excluding) the last day in such period;

"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant Regulator, that by reason of non-compliance of the Notes with the criteria for Additional Tier 1 Capital as a result of change in the Relevant Rules or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Notes are fully or partially excluded from the Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or the Group (other than as a result of any applicable limitation

62

on the amount of such capital), such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent in a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer;

"Cash Dividend" means any dividend or distribution in respect of the Ordinary Shares which is to be paid or made to Shareholders as a class in cash (in whatever currency) and however described and whether payable out of share premium account, profits, retained earnings or any other capital or revenue reserve or account, and including a distribution or payment to Shareholders upon or in connection with a reduction of capital;

"CET1 Capital" means in respect of either the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), the sum at any time, expressed in the relevant Accounting Currency, of all amounts that constitute common equity tier 1 capital of either the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) as at such time, less any deductions from common equity tier 1 capital required to be made as at such time, in each case as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the Relevant Rules applicable to either the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) (which calculation shall be binding on the Noteholders). For the purposes of this definition, the term "common equity tier 1 capital" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in CRD IV as interpreted and applied in accordance with the Relevant Rules then applicable to either the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be);

"CET1 Ratio" means, as at any time, the ratio of CET1 Capital of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, as at such time to the Risk Exposure Amount of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, as at the same time, expressed as a percentage and calculated in accordance with the Relevant Rules then applicable to either the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) and without regards to the Automatic Conversion that shall occur at such time in case of a Trigger Event;

"Compulsory Acquisition Proceedings" means any proceedings for the compulsory acquisition of the Notes pursuant to Chapter 22 of the Swedish Companies Act;

"Conversion Date" means the date on which an Automatic Conversion takes place, as set out in Condition 5(a)(i) (Automatic Conversion);

"Conversion Price" means, if the Ordinary Shares are:

(a)

then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the greater of:

(i)

the Current Market Price of an Ordinary Share on the Conversion Date translated

into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate; and

(ii)

the Floor Price on the Conversion Date; or

(b)

not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Floor Price on the

Conversion Date;

"Conversion Shares" means the Ordinary Shares which are issued automatically upon an Automatic Conversion;

"Couponholders" means the holders of the Coupons;

"Coupons" has the meaning given to such term in the preamble to these Conditions;

"CRD IV" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD IV Directive and CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures;

"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time;

63

"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof);

"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time;

"Current Market Price" means, in respect of an Ordinary Share at a particular date, the average of the daily Volume Weighted Average Price of an Ordinary Share on each of the five consecutive dealing days ending on the dealing day immediately preceding such date; provided that, if at any time during the said five (5) dealing-day period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price ex-dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) and during some other part of that period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-dividend (or cum- any other entitlement), then:

(i)

if the Ordinary Shares to be issued and delivered do not rank for the Cash Dividend (or

entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the

Ordinary Shares shall have been based on a price cum-dividend (or cum- any other

entitlement) shall, for the purposes of this definition, be deemed to be the amount thereof

reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such dividend or entitlement

per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement relating to such dividend or

entitlement, in any such case, determined on a gross basis and disregarding any

withholding or deduction required to be made on account of tax, and disregarding any

associated tax credit; or

(ii)

if the Ordinary Shares to be issued and delivered do rank for the Cash Dividend (or

entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the

Ordinary Shares shall have been based on a price ex-dividend (or ex- any other entitlement)

shall, for the purposes of this definition, be deemed to be the amount thereof increased by

an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such dividend or entitlement per Ordinary

Share as at the date of first public announcement relating to such dividend or entitlement, in

any such case, determined on a gross basis and disregarding any withholding or deduction

required to be made on account of tax, and disregarding any associated tax credit,

and provided further that:

(1)

if on each of the said five dealing days the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been

based on a price cum-dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) in respect of a dividend (or

other entitlement) which has been declared or announced but the Ordinary Shares to be

issued and delivered do not rank for that dividend (or other entitlement), the Volume

Weighted Average Price on each of such dates shall, for the purposes of this definition, be

deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of

any such dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public

announcement relating to such dividend or entitlement, in any such case, determined on a

gross basis and disregarding any withholding or deduction required to be made on account

of tax, and disregarding any associated tax credit; and

(2)

if the Volume Weighted Average Price of an Ordinary Share is not available on one or more

of the said five (5) dealing days (disregarding for this purpose the proviso to the definition of

Volume Weighted Average Price), then the average of such Volume Weighted Average

64

Prices which are available in that five (5) dealing-day period shall be used (subject to a minimum of two such prices) and if only one, or no, such Volume Weighted Average Price is available in the relevant period, the Current Market Price shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser;
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of any Calculation Period, the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:

[360x (Y - Y )] + [30x ( M - M )] + ( D - D )

Day Count Fraction =

360

where:

"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

"dealing day" means a day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange or relevant stock exchange or securities market is open for business and on which Ordinary Shares, Securities, options, warrants or other rights (as the case may be) may be dealt in (other than a day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange or relevant stock exchange or securities market is scheduled to or does close prior to its regular weekday closing time);

"Delivery Notice" means a notice in the form for the time being currently available from the specified office of the Paying and Conversion Agent, which contains the relevant accounts and related details for the delivery of any Conversion Shares (and for the payment of any Cash Dividend and Cash Proceeds as provided in Condition 5(d) (Settlement Procedure)) and all relevant certifications and/or representations as may be required by applicable law and regulations (or is deemed to constitute the confirmation thereof), and which are required to be delivered in connection with the delivery of the Conversion Shares and/or payment of any Cash Dividend and Cash Proceeds;

"Distributable Items" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in CRR as interpreted and applied in accordance with the Relevant Rules then applicable to the Issuer;

"Effective Date" means, in the case of an adjustment to the Floor Price pursuant to Condition 5(g)(iii), the first day on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Relevant Stock Exchange;

"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to such term in the Agency Agreement.

65

"Fair Market Value" means with respect to any property on any date, the fair market value of that property as determined by an Independent Adviser in good faith, provided that (i) the Fair Market Value of any cash amount shall be the amount of such cash; (ii) where Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded on a stock exchange or securities market of adequate liquidity (as determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser), the Fair Market Value (a) of such Securities shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily Volume Weighted Average Prices of such Securities and (b) of such options, warrants or other rights shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily closing prices of such options, warrants or other rights, in the case of (a) and (b), during the period of five dealing days on the relevant stock exchange or securities market commencing on such date (or, if later, the first such dealing day such Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded) or such shorter period as such Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded; (iv) where Securities, options, warrants or other rights are not publicly traded on a stock exchange or securities market of adequate liquidity (as aforesaid), the Fair Market Value of such Securities, options, warrants or other rights shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser, on the basis of a commonly accepted market valuation method and taking account of such factors as it considers appropriate, including the market price per Ordinary Share, the dividend yield of an Ordinary Share, the volatility of such market price, prevailing interest rates and the terms of such Securities, options, warrants or other rights, including as to the expiry date and exercise price (if any) thereof. Such amounts shall, in the case of (i) above, be translated into the Relevant Currency (if declared, announced, made, paid or payable in a currency other than the Relevant Currency, and if the relevant dividend is payable at the option of the Issuer or a Shareholder in any currency additional to the Relevant Currency, the relevant dividend shall be treated as payable in the Relevant Currency) at the rate of exchange used to determine the amount payable to Shareholders who were paid or are to be paid or are entitled to be paid the Cash Dividend in the Relevant Currency; and, in any other case, shall be translated into the Relevant Currency (if expressed in a currency other than the Relevant Currency) at the Prevailing Exchange Rate on that date. In addition, in the case of (i) and (ii) above, the Fair Market Value shall be determined on a gross basis and disregarding any withholding or deduction required to be made on account of tax, and disregarding any associated tax credit;
"First Call Date" means 17 March 2022;
"Floor Price" means U.S.$15.70, subject to adjustment thereafter in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Adjustment of Floor Price), provided that the Floor Price shall not be less than the quota value (Sw; kvotvarde) of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Automatic Conversion translated into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate;
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, where "on a consolidated basis" has the meaning assigned to such term in CRR as interpreted and applied in accordance with the Relevant Rules then applicable to the Issuer;
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;
"Initial Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the First Call Date;
"Initial Rate of Interest" means 6.000 per cent. per annum;
"Interest Payment Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3(b) (Interest Payment Dates);
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;
"Issue Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3(a) (Interest Rate);
66

"Junior Securities" means (i) all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and (ii) any securities or other obligations of the Issuer ranking or, expressed to rank, junior to the Notes;

"Margin" means 4.106 per cent.;

"Optional Redemption Date" means the First Call Date and any Reset Date thereafter;

"Ordinary Shares" means fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer;

"Parity Securities" means (i) any subordinated and undated debt instruments or securities of the Issuer which are recognised, at the Issue Date and from time to time, as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, by the Relevant Regulator and (ii) any securities or other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a Liquidation or Bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with the Notes;

"Payment Business Day" means, in respect of any place of presentation, any day on which banks are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies in such place of presentation and, in the case of payment by transfer to a U.S. dollar account as referred to above, on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on both in New York City and in such place of presentation;

"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;

"Prevailing Exchange Rate" means, in respect of any currencies on any day, the spot rate of exchange between the relevant currencies prevailing as at or about 12 noon (CET or CEST, as the case may be) on that date as appearing on or derived from the Relevant Screen Page or, if such a rate cannot be determined at such time, the rate prevailing as at or about 12 noon (CET or CEST, as the case may be) on the immediately preceding day on which such rate can be so determined or, if such rate cannot be so determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page, the rate determined in such other manner as an Independent Adviser shall in good faith prescribe;

"Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities" means notes, whether debt, equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that:

(a)

have terms not materially less favourable to a Noteholder, as reasonably determined by the

Issuer following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international

standing which is independent of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, than the terms of the

Notes, provided that they shall (1) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior

to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and

Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such

substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights and

obligations as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (4)

comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Rules in relation to Additional

Tier 1 Capital, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest

which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment

Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation (or, if the date of substitution or

variation falls before 17 March 2017, the Issue Date), as the case may be, and (6) are

assigned (or maintain) at least the same credit ratings (if any) as were assigned to the

Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; and

(b)

are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were so listed immediately prior to

such substitution or variation;

"Rate of Interest" means:

67

(i)

in the case of each Interest Period falling in the Initial Period, the Initial Rate of Interest; and

(ii)

in the case of each Interest Period thereafter, the sum of (A) the Reference Rate in respect

of the Reset Interest Period in which such Interest Period falls and (B) the Margin,

all as determined by the Calculation Agent (in conjunction with the Issuer, where applicable) in accordance with Condition 3 (Interest);

"Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Interest Period, the 5-year Mid Swap Rate determined for such Reset Interest Period by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date;

"Reference Rate Determination Date" means, in relation to a Reset Interest Period, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Reset Date on which such Reset Interest Period commences;

"Registration Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5(c) (The Conversion Shares);

"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but unpaid interest and Additional Amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority;

"Relevant Currency" means the currency in which the which the Ordinary Shares are quoted or dealt in on the Relevant Stock Exchange at such time;

"Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in New York City by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices);

"Relevant Page" means Reuters Screen "ICESWAP1" or such other page as may replace it on Reuters or, as the case may be, on such other information service that may replace Reuters, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates comparable to the 5-year Mid-Swap Rate;

"Relevant Regulator" means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw; Finansinspektionen) or any competent authority or successor entity with primary responsibility for the regulatory supervision of the Issuer;

"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer;

"Relevant Rules" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, standards, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV and those regulations, requirements, standard, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy adopted by the Relevant Regulator from time to time and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, standards, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group);

"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page on Bloomberg or such other information service provider that displays the relevant information;

"Relevant Stock Exchange" means Nasdaq Stockholm or, if at the relevant time the Ordinary Shares are not at that time listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm, the principal stock exchange

68

or securities market (if any) on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed, admitted to trading or quoted or accepted for dealing;
"Reset Date" means the First Call Date and each day which falls on the fifth anniversary of the immediately preceding Reset Date;
"Reset Interest Amount" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3(f) (Determination of Reference Rate in relation to a Reset Interest Period);
"Reset Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the First Call Date or any Reset Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Reset Date;
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Interest Period and the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to such Reset Interest Period, the percentage rate determined on the basis of the 5-year Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such Reference Rate Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Interest Period will be (i) in the case of each Reset Interest Period other than the Reset Interest Period commencing on the First Call Date, the 5-year Mid-Swap Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the Reset Interest Period commencing on the First Call Date, 1.864 per cent. per annum;
"Reset Reference Banks" means five major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the Reference Rate, as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute;
"Risk Exposure Amount" means, as at any time, the aggregate amount, expressed in the relevant Accounting Currency, of the risk weighted assets of either the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), as at such time, as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the Relevant Rules applicable to either the Issuer and/or the Group (as the case may be), at such time (which calculation shall be binding on the Noteholders). For the purposes of this definition, the term "risk weighted assets" means the risk weighted assets or total risk exposure amount, as calculated by the Issuer, in accordance with the Relevant Rules applicable to either the Issuer and/or the Group (as the case may be) and for the avoidance of doubt shall exclude the Basel 1 transitional calculation calculated in accordance with Article 500(1) of the CRR;
"SCRO" means the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw; Bolagsverkef) or such other person or authority that is responsible for registering any changes in the share capital of the Issuer;
"Securities" means any securities including, without limitation, shares in the capital of the Issuer, or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase or acquire shares in the capital of the Issuer (and each a "Security");
"SEK" means the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden;
"Settlement Shares Depositary" means a reputable independent financial institution, trust company, account manager, nominee entity, depository entity, or similar entity to be appointed by the Issuer on or prior to any date when a function ascribed to the Settlement Shares Depositary in these Conditions is required to be performed to perform such functions and who will hold Conversion Shares (whether in the form of interim shares or regular shares) in a designated trust or custody account for the benefit of the Noteholders and otherwise on terms consistent with these Conditions;
69

Shareholders" means the holders of Ordinary Shares;

"Share Registrar" means Euroclear Sweden AB or any other person appointed by the Issuer to carry out the duties of registrar for the Ordinary Shares, and any successor thereto;

"Subordinated Indebtedness" means any obligation, whether dated or perpetual/undated, of the Issuer which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event of Liquidation or Bankruptcy of the Issuer to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer;

"Subsidiaries" has the meaning provided in the Swedish Companies Act;

"Swedish Companies Act" means the Swedish companies act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551);

"Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Sweden, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Resolution Act (Lagen (2015:1016 om resolution)) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period);

"Talon" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title);

"Tax Event" means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel in the Kingdom of Sweden (experienced in such matters) to the effect that as a result of a Tax Law Change which is announced on or after the Issue Date:

(A)

on the occasion of the next scheduled interest payment in respect of the Notes the Issuer

would be required to pay Additional Amounts as provided in Condition 9 (Taxation); or

(B)

(i) the Issuer is, or will be, subject to other additional taxes, duties or other governmental

charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Notes or (ii) to the extent (prior to the relevant

Tax Law Change) the Issuer was entitled to claim a deduction in respect of the Notes in

computing its taxation liabilities, the Issuer is not, or will not be, entitled to claim a deduction

in respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or such deduction would be

materially reduced) or (iii) the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense

with respect to the Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed

(or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, thereby subjecting

the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges to which it would not

have been subject but for the Tax Law Change provided that, in each case, a Tax Law

Change which results from the proposed legislation regarding increased taxation of financial

sector enterprises and certain simplifications in the area of business taxation (Sw: Ökad

beskattning av företag i finanssektorn och vissa förenklingar på företagsskatteområdet)

remitted to the Council on Legislation on 27 May 2016 shall not be regarded as a Tax Event

insofar as it relates to the non-deductibility of interest payments on subordinated debt

instruments;

"Tax Law Change" means:

(i)

any governmental policy or any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws,

treaties, regulations or government policy of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political

subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, or

70

(ii)

any interpretation, court decision or official pronouncement in respect of any governmental

policy, law, treaty or regulation of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or

taxing authority thereof or therein, that provides for a position with respect to such policy,

law, treaty or regulation that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position,

in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental or tax authority or regulatory body, irrespective of the manner in which such policy, change, amendment, clarification, interpretation or pronouncement is made known;

"Trigger Event" shall occur if the CET1 Ratio of either the (i) Issuer or (ii) the Group, as the case may be, is at any time less than the Trigger Level;

"Trigger Level" means (i) in the case of the Issuer, 5.125 per cent. or (ii) in the case of the Group 8.00 per cent.;

"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities;

"USD" or "U.S.$" means United States dollars; and

"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, in respect of an Ordinary Share or Security on any dealing day, the order book volume-weighted average price of an Ordinary Share or Security published by or derived (in the case of an Ordinary Share) from the relevant Bloomberg page or (in the case of a Security (other than Ordinary Shares), options, warrants or other rights) from the principal stock exchange or securities market on which such Securities, options, warrants or other rights are then listed or quoted or dealt in, if any or, in any such case, such other source as shall be determined in good faith to be appropriate by an Independent Adviser on such dealing day, provided that if on any such dealing day such price is not available or cannot otherwise be determined as provided above, the Volume Weighted Average Price of an Ordinary Share, Security, option, warrant or other right, as the case may be, in respect of such dealing day shall be the Volume Weighted Average Price, determined as provided above, on the immediately preceding dealing day on which the same can be so determined or determined as an Independent Adviser might otherwise determine in good faith to be appropriate.

(b)

Construction of certain references

In these Conditions, unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires:

(i)

"Notes" and "Noteholders" shall respectively be deemed to include references to

Coupons and Couponholders, if relevant;

(ii)

references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;

(iii)

any reference to principal shall be deemed to include any amount in the nature of

principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

(iv)

any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts in

respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and any

other amount in the nature of interest pursuant to these Conditions;

(v)

references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the

Agency Agreement;

71

(vi)

references to any act or statute or any provision of any act or statute shall be

deemed also to refer to any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or any

statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under such

modification or re-enactment; and

(vii)

headings and sub-headings are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the

construction of these Conditions.

72

5

Use of Proceeds

The issue of Notes will form part of the Issuer's capital base and the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general financing requirements.

73

6

Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form

Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein shall have the same meanings in this "Summary of the Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form".

The following is a summary of the provisions to be contained in the Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note (together, the "Global Notes") which will apply to, and in some cases modify, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes while the Notes are represented by the Global Notes.

1.

Exchange

The Notes will initially be in the form of the Temporary Global Note which will be deposited on or around the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in the Permanent Global Note (which will also be deposited on or around the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) on or after the Exchange Date, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in the Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of the Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange of a part of the Temporary Global Note) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:

(i)

presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to

or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and

(ii)

in either case, receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S.

beneficial ownership,

within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in part (free of charge to the holder) for definitive Notes only:

(a)

if an event as set out in Condition 10 (Winding-Up, Non-payment, Breach of Obligations,

Remedies) has occurred and is continuing;

(b)

if either of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system by which the

Notes have been accepted for clearing is closed for business for a continuous period of 14

days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention to cease business

permanently; or

(c)

at the option of the Issuer if the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, or

amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding

from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in

definitive form.

Thereupon (in the case of (a) and (b) above) the holder of the Permanent Global Note (acting on the instructions of one or more of the Accountholders (as defined below)) may give notice to the Issuer and (in the case of (c) above) the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, of

74

its intention to exchange the Permanent Global Note for definitive Notes on or after the Exchange Date (as defined below).

On or after the Exchange Date the holder of the Permanent Global Note may or, in the case of (c) above, shall surrender the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Permanent Global Note the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount of definitive Notes (having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest which has not already been paid on the Permanent Global Note), security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements and in or substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. On exchange of the Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will procure that it is cancelled and, if the holder so requests, returned to the holder together with any relevant definitive Notes.

For these purposes, "Exchange Date" means a day specified in the notice requiring exchange falling not less than 45 days after that on which such notice is given and being a day on which banks are open for general business in the place in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and, except in the case of exchange pursuant to (b) above, in the place in which the relevant clearing system is located.

2.

Payments

On and after 26 January 2017, no payment will be made on the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for an interest in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will, subject as set out below, be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of such Global Note to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purposes. A record of each payment made will be endorsed on the appropriate part of the schedule to the relevant Global Note by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, which endorsement shall be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. Payments of interest on the Temporary Global Note (if permitted by the first sentence of this paragraph) will be made only upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership unless such certification has already been made.

3.

Notices

For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for communication to the relative Accountholders (as defined below) rather than by publication as required by Condition 17 (Notices), provided that the Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or the relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the second day after the day on which such notice is delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) as aforesaid.

For the purposes of Condition 5(b) (Automatic Conversion Procedure), the Automatic Conversion Notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date on which such notice is delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

Whilst any of the Notes held by a Noteholder are represented by a Global Note, notices to be given by such Noteholder may be given by such Noteholder (where applicable) through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and otherwise in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg may approve for this purpose.

75

4.

Accountholders

For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (each an "Accountholder") (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes) shall be treated as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all purposes (including but not limited to, for the purposes of any quorum requirements of, or the right to demand a poll at, meetings of the Noteholders and giving notices to the Issuer pursuant to Condition 10 (Winding-Up, Non-payment, Breach of Obligations, Remedies)) other than with respect to the payment of principal and interest on such principal amount of such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, solely in the bearer of the relevant Global Note in accordance with and subject to its terms. Each Accountholder must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its share of each payment made to the bearer of the relevant Global Note.

5.

Prescription

Claims against the Issuer in respect of principal and interest on the Notes represented by a Global Note will be prescribed after ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 19 (Interpretation)).

6.

Cancellation

Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note and required by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be cancelled following its redemption or purchase will be effected by endorsement by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent of the reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note on the relevant part of the schedule thereto.

7.

Delivery Notices

Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5 (Loss Absorption Mechanism), if the Notes are represented by the Global Note and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Noteholder shall give a Delivery Notice to the Settlement Shares Depositary in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg prior to the Notice Cut-off Date (which may include notice being given on its instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Settlement Shares Depositary by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time with the following details: (1) the name of the Noteholder; (2) the principal amount of Notes held by it; (3) the Euroclear Sweden account details; and (4) such other details as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg may require. Any reference in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to the delivery of Delivery Notices shall be construed accordingly.

8.

Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg

Notes represented by a Global Note are transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate. References in the Global Notes and this summary to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be deemed to include references to any other clearing system through which interests in the Notes are held.

76

7

Swedbank

References herein to the quarterly numbers for the three month period ended 30 September 2016 are references to unaudited numbers.

7.1

Overview

Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company (Sw: Bankaktiebolag) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden and headquartered in Stockholm. It has its registered address at SE-105 34 Stockholm, with its head office at Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg and its telephone number is +46 (0)8 5859 0000. It has been registered in the Swedish Companies Registration Office in Sundsvall under registration number 502017-7753. Swedbank's shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. Swedbank was incorporated on 24 April 1942. Swedbank operates under the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (2004:297).

As of 31 December 2015, the Swedbank Group served a total of 7.2 million private customers and more than 600,000 corporate customers through more than 420 branches in 11 countries, primarily in its principal markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. This includes customers reached through 58 associated independent savings banks that collaborate with Swedbank.

The terms of such collaboration are governed by a common framework agreement which is agreed with the national association of savings banks, Sparbankernas Riksförbund, with each savings bank having signed up to this agreement individually.

As set out in Article 1 of its Articles of Association, the purpose of the Issuer is to conduct banking business and financing operations, and operations naturally connected therewith. The Swedbank Group offers a broad range of products and services, including retail banking, corporate and investment banking, asset management and insurance products, and the majority of the Swedbank Group's income in 2015 derived from its Swedish banking services. As of 31 December 2015, the Swedbank Group's loans to the public, excluding the Swedish National Debt Office and repurchase agreements, amounted to SEK 1,371 billion. The Swedbank Group recorded SEK 21,291 million in profit before impairments for the year ended 31 December 2015. As of 31 December 2015, the Swedbank Group had 13,893 full- time employees.

The below chart provides geographical and sector split of total income.

Total Income Distribution by Business Area for the 12 month period ended 31 December 2015

Lending and deposits 67%

Treasury, Trading and Capital Markets
2%
Asset Management
12%
Payment, Cards 9%
Share of P&L of associates 2% Insurance 3%
Other 5%

Source: Swedbank interim reporting, Q4 2015 (unaudited)

77

Total Income Distribution by Geography for the 12 month period ended 31 December 2015
Source: Swedbank interim reporting, Q4 2015 (unaudited) The chart below shows the percentage of loans to the public per sector for the 9 month period ended 30 September 2016. Group loan book* Q3 2016, total SEK 1 439bn
*Loans to the public excl. credit institutions and SNDO Source: Swedbank interim reporting, Q3 2016
78

The Swedbank Group has a history dating back to 1820 when the first savings bank was founded in Sweden. In the early 1990s, each of Sparbanken Sverige and Foreningsbanken was merged with a number of regional savings banks and regional agricultural co-operative banks, respectively. In 1997, Sparbanken Sverige and Foreningsbanken merged to form ForeningsSparbanken. ForeningsSparbanken changed its name to Swedbank in 2006. Swedbank expanded its operations into the Baltic countries (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) in 1996 when it acquired a 12.5 per cent stake in Eesti Hoiupank, a bank that merged with Hansabank in 1998. In 1999, Swedbank acquired additional shares, resulting in a 50 per cent ownership of the shares in Hansabank and, in 2005, acquired all outstanding shares in Hansabank (now Swedbank AS). The Swedbank Group consists of four business segments: Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking, Large Corporates & Institutions and Group Functions & Other. Swedbank's funding strategy is based on the structure of its assets. More than half of its lending consists of Swedish mortgages, which are primarily financed through covered bonds. Swedbank is one of the leading savings banks in its home markets. Deposit volumes, together with covered bonds and shareholder equity, nearly cover Swedbank's total funding requirements. Therefore, Swedbank has a limited structural need for senior unsecured funding. Swedbank's funding strategy is also closely linked to the credit quality of the assets on its balance sheet. One of Swedbank's areas of focus for managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it maintains high quality lending activities. Swedbank strives to match unsecured funding against assets of an equivalent amount and maturity. The Swedbank Group's share of unsecured funding is mainly determined by regulatory requirements, its liquidity needs and the buffer it wants to maintain in its cover pool in the form of overcollateralisation in order to withstand fluctuations in housing prices. The Swedbank Group has a well-diversified investor base. The below tables show funding issuance from Q1 2012 to Q3 2016. SEKbn
 Covered bonds  Senior unsecured debt
Source: Swedbank fact book Q1 2012 - Q3 2016 (unaudited) The table below shows Swedbank's survival horizon for the time period from 30 September 2016 and 365 days forward, and represents the number of days with positive cumulative net cash flows taking into consideration the Swedbank Group's future contractual cash flows and assuming no access to wholesale funding markets. The survival horizon is hence considered as a base stress scenario.
79

Source: Swedbank fact book Q3 2016 (unaudited)

7.2

Shareholders

The largest shareholders in Swedbank as of 30 October 2016, were:*, **

Sparbanks-Gruppen - Members Folksam ALECTA PENSIONSFÖRSÄKRING Swedbank Robur Fonder AMF - Insurance and funds Sparbankstiftelser - not Sparbanks-Gruppen JPM CHASE NA Swedbank AB STATE STREET BANK & TRUST COM J.P. MORGAN CHASE BANK N.A. 10 largest shareholders Number of shareholders

Per cent. of capital and votes 9.38 9.30 4.81 4.49 4.21 3.97 2.01 1.88 1.73 1.50 43.28
297,853

Notes: * Shareholders in lowercase letters are grouped. ** Source: Euroclear Sweden AB.

7.3

Strategy

Swedbank's core strategy is to provide customer value and build sustainable value. By being a stable profitable bank with low risk, Swedbank is able to build relationships that meet its customers' long-term needs. The aim of its strategy is to create sustainable value for its customers, society, its shareholders and its employees. Swedbank has chosen to create long-term customer and shareholder value. This goal reflects Swedbank's purpose, values and vision.

7.3.1 Accessible Full-Service Bank

Swedbank offers households, institutions, and businesses, both large and small, an accessible full-service bank in its four home markets: Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Swedbank offers its customers a range of

80

banking services, from basic transaction services, sophisticated advisory services, and also provides customers with a large, modern distribution network, making it easy for a broad base of customers to manage their finances. Swedbank provides efficient digital solutions for day-to-day financial needs and comprehensive advice through direct contact with Swedbank employees.

7.3.2 Products and Services Based on Customer Needs

Products which reflect customer needs and expectations are crucial to Swedbank's success. Digitisation increases opportunities to meet each customer's specific needs with the right products and services. Swedbank creates better targeted products and services by analysing customer data and using each advisor's experiences and knowledge.

7.3.3 Low Risk

The foundation for Swedbank's sustainable growth is a low risk profile. Swedbank's lending is financed through deposits and capital markets funding. Current low financing costs are the result of stable profitability in combination with high-quality lending and solid capitalisation. A low risk profile benefits all of Swedbank's stakeholders. Maintaining stable earnings requires a low risk level, where each borrower's solvency, solidity and collateral are carefully assessed, as well as the ability to quickly adapt to market conditions and changing customer preferences. The Group's credit impairments amounted to SEK 594 million corresponding to a credit impairment ratio of 0.04 per cent for the year ended 31 December 2015, compared to a credit impairment of SEK 419 million, corresponding to a credit impairment ratio of 0.03 per cent for the year ended 31 December 2014.

7.3.4 Cost Efficiency

Cost efficiency is of growing importance due to changes in the banking market and Swedbank aims to be a market leader in cost efficiency. Swedbank aims to understand its customers' needs and the impact of tied-up capital, in order to better manage capital efficiency. Swedbank also promotes an efficient corporate culture where all employees are aware of and cautious about expenses. The more cost-effective Swedbank is, the more value it believes it can create for customers through greater investment opportunities. The Group's cost/income ratio was 0.43 for the year ended 31 December 2015, 0.45 for the year ended 31 December 2014 and 0.45 for the year ended 31 December 2013.

7.4

Business Segments

The Swedbank Group consists of four business segments.

7.4.1 Swedish Banking

Swedish Banking is the Swedbank Group's largest business segment, offering a complete range of financial products and services to private customers as well as small and medium-sized companies through 275 branches as well as through telephone and internet banking. Through co-operation with local associated independent savings banks and partly-owned banks, the Swedbank Group also offers its products through 221 additional branches, as of 31 December 2015. Swedish Banking is supported by a number of subsidiaries in Sweden such as Swedbank Mortgage (responsible for long-term mortgage lending) and Swedbank Robur (fund management and institutional and discretionary asset management). Loans to the public in Swedish Banking represented approximately 75 per cent of the Swedbank Group's total loans to the public outstanding as of 31 December 2015.

7.4.2 Baltic Banking

Baltic Banking offers a broad range of financial products and banking services, including mortgages, business and consumer loans, savings and current accounts, life insurance and leasing in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania through 144 branches as of 31 December 2015 as well as through telephone and internet banking.

81

The Swedbank Group holds leading positions in several key market segments in its Baltic home markets. Loans to the public in Baltic Banking represented approximately 9 per cent of the Swedbank Group's total loans to the public outstanding as of 31 December 2015.

7.4.3 Large Corporates & Institutions

Large Corporates & Institutions ("LC&I") is responsible for the Swedbank Group's provision of services to customers with revenues above SEK 2 billion and those whose needs are considered complex due to their multinational operations or their need for sophisticated financing solutions. LC&I is also responsible for developing corporate and capital market products for other parts of the Swedbank Group and associated independent Swedish savings banks. LC&I works closely with customers to provide advice on decisions that create sustainable profits and growth. LC&I is present in Sweden, Norway, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Finland, Luxembourg, China, the United States and South Africa. Loans to the public in LC&I represented approximately 15 per cent of the Swedbank Group's total loans to the public outstanding as of 31 December 2015.

7.4.4 Group Functions & Other

Group Functions & Other consists of centralised business support units and Group Products. The centralised business support units provide strategic and administrative support, comprising Accounting & Finance, Communication, Risk, IT, Compliance, Public Affairs, Human Resources and Legal. Group Products' purpose is to improve efficiency in the development and maintenance of Swedbank's products. Group Treasury is responsible for Swedbank's funding, liquidity and capital planning.

7.5

Products and Services

7.5.1 Mortgage Lending Products

The products offered primarily consist of loans secured by mortgages over underlying residential, agricultural and forest properties. Consumer real estate loans include fixed and variable rate loans for home purchase and refinancing needs.

The Swedbank Group, through Swedbank Mortgage, is one of Sweden's leading mortgage lenders with a 1
market share of 25 per cent as of 31 December 2015 and as of 31 December 2014.

Both Swedbank and Swedbank Mortgage originate mortgages. Swedbank Mortgage is responsible for the origination of standard mortgage loans with up to an 85 per cent loan to value ratio, whereas Swedbank is responsible for originating other loans including uncollateralised loans. To benefit customers by offering a broad range of home buying services and reducing costs, while creating the opportunity to acquire profitable new businesses in this segment, the Swedbank Group creates economies of scale by co-operating with a number of partners including Swedbank's subsidiary, Swedbank Fastighetsbyra, various home builders and other construction companies.

Swedbank Mortgage's products primarily consist of loans secured by Swedish residential, agricultural and forestry.

Swedbank Mortgage lends exclusively in Sweden and primarily provides long-term loans secured by first ranking mortgages on existing properties. More than half of Swedbank Mortgage's mortgage loan portfolio consists of loans to owners of single-family homes. It also grants loans for tenant owner rights, multi-family housing, tenant-owner associations, municipalities, commercial properties and to the agriculture and forestry sector.

Loans for single-family homes are primarily secured by first ranking mortgages and have interest rates fixed for between 60 days and 10 years. Swedbank Mortgage's loans are either interest-only loans or amortised over 10

i Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyran, SCB), 2015-12-31, www.scb.se.

82

to 60 years. Swedbank Mortgage's lending to single-family housing is limited to 85 per cent of the market value of the property. Loans may be granted to applicants who have a prior ranking mortgage over their property with another lender, provided that the aggregated amount and ranking of the prior ranking mortgage and the Swedbank Group's own exposure under its mortgage is less than 85 per cent of the value of the mortgaged property.

7.5.2 Corporate Banking Products

The Swedbank Group offers a full range of corporate banking products and services for small and medium sized business clients and large and multinational corporate customers, including financing, cash management, leasing products, investment and risk-management services. In addition, the Swedbank Group offers mortgage lending and lending to the agricultural and forestry industries through Swedbank Mortgage.

The products offered include corporate loans as well as credit facilities adapted to meet the customers' needs. Real estate loans are primarily aimed at public and private developers, home builders and commercial real estate companies.

7.5.3 Investment Banking Products

The Swedbank Group offers equity, fixed income and currency trading, project, export and acquisition financing and corporate services as part of its LC&I business.

7.5.4 Consumer Lending Products

The Swedbank Group offers a range of personal loans, both secured and unsecured, to its retail customers. These can be made for specific purposes, such as vehicle loans, or as general purpose personal loans.

7.5.5 Savings and Investment Products

The Swedbank Group offers a comprehensive range of deposit-related products, including traditional savings accounts and current accounts tailored to different customer segments. Through Asset Management and Insurance, the Swedbank Group offers its customers a comprehensive range of investment products, including equity funds, fixed income funds, insurance products and individual pension savings products.

7.5.6 Payment Services

The Swedbank Group offers a broad range of payment products, including debit, transaction services and bank card infrastructure and, as of 31 December 2015, the Swedbank Group had 7.8 million bank cards in circulation. In retail transactions, the Swedbank Group emphasises convenience and time saving by making automatic payment options available to the Swedbank Group's customers through direct debit or other electronic channels, such as e-bills or mobile and card payments. For corporate cash management, the focus is on offering clients a packaged, integrated solution.

7.6

Key Geographic Markets and Competition

The Swedbank Group currently operates in four geographic home markets: Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. To support business in these markets, the Swedbank Group has established branches in neighbouring markets such as Finland, Norway and Denmark, as well as in major markets of financial importance such as in the U.S. (where the Swedbank Group has both a branch and a subsidiary) and China (where the Swedbank Group has a branch). The Swedbank Group also has a branch in Luxembourg and representative offices in Spain and South Africa.

Below is a chart showing Swedbank's corporate structure.

83

7.6.1 Sweden
The banking sector is fairly concentrated in the Swedbank Group's home markets. In Sweden, the Swedbank Group, Svenska Handelsbanken, Nordea and SEB accounted for approximately 70 per cent of deposits and lending in 2015, according to the Swedish Central Bank (Sw; Riksbanken). These major banks offer a wide range of financial products and services and compete in all key product segments. In Sweden, the Swedbank Group is the largest retail bank and has a leading market position in private mortgage lending (25 per cent) and deposits from private customers (21 per cent) as of 31 December 2015. 2
The Swedbank Group believes consumers have been more willing to change banks in recent years in a generally stable market. During the past year, banking customers have shown a tendency to turn to the major banks due to perceived volatility among smaller players.
7.6.2 Estonia
The Estonian banking sector is even more concentrated than Sweden's. The market is dominated by foreign banks. In Estonia, the Swedbank Group had a market share of 55 per cent for deposits and private customers and 47 per cent for lending as of 31 December 2015. In the Estonian corporate market, the Swedbank Group's
3
share was 34 per cent for lending and 41 per cent for deposits as of 31 December 2015.
7.6.3 Latvia
Latvia has a more fragmented market where local banks account for 30 to 70 per cent of the various segments. As of 31 December 2015, the Swedbank Group accounted for 28 per cent of private deposits and 29 per cent of private lending. In the corporate market, the market share was 12 per cent for deposits as of 31 December 2015. 342
2Statistics Sweden. 3Estonian Banking Association.
Association of Latvian Commercial Banks.
84

7.6.4 Lithuania
Like Sweden, the banking market in Lithuania is dominated by a few major players. As of 31 December 2015, the Swedbank Group accounted for 38 per cent of private deposits and 28 per cent of private lending. In the corporate market, the Swedbank Group's share was 20 per cent for lending and 22 per cent. for deposits as of 31 December 2015. In all the Baltic countries, competition has begun to increase again as the economy appears to recover.

7.7

Information Technology

7.7.1 Overview

Group IT is a common Group function serving the Group in Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and the Baltic countries. In addition, Group IT provides IT services to those associated independent savings banks in Sweden co-operating with the Group and which offer mortgage loans funded by Swedbank Mortgage.

Customers can now satisfy most of their routine banking requirements through alternate channels such as ATMS, debit cards, the internet and mobile devices. The Group's internet bank service reaches approximately 7.8 million customers. The Group's mobile bank services have, since its launch in 2009, attracted 3.7 million users. Through information and a differentiated pricing model, the Group intends to make it easier for customers to select the most effective way to communicate with Swedbank for a variety of matters.

5 Association of Lithuanian Banks. 85

8

Risk Management

Swedbank defines risk as a potential negative impact on the value of the Group that may arise from current internal processes or from internal or external future events. The concept of risk combines the probability of an event occurring with the impact that such an event would have on profit and loss, equity and the value of the Group.

Risk arises in all financial operations, and managing it well is central for success. A strong common risk culture within Swedbank, with decision-making and responsibility kept close to the customer, serves as the foundation for efficient risk management and, consequently, a strong risk-adjusted return.

The Board has the ultimate responsibility for the Group's risk-taking and capital assessment. Through an Enterprise Risk Management Policy ("ERM Policy"), the Board provides guidelines for the CEO on risk management and risk control, and how these functions should support the business strategy. The ERM Policy specifies the risk appetite, the concept of three lines of defence, the fundamental principles of risk management, as well as roles and responsibilities.

8.1

The Group's Risk Management Builds on Three Lines of Defence

Successful risk management requires a strong risk culture and a common approach throughout the entire Group. Swedbank builds its approach to risk management on the concept of three lines of defence, signifying a clear division of responsibilities between the risk owner, i.e. the business units, the control functions consisting of Group Risk, Group Compliance and Internal Audit.

Swedbank's risk management
Swedbank's risk management is built on a sophisticated risk process w ith three lines of defence.

First line of defence

Second line of defence

Risk management by business operations
Swedbank's business unitsand subsidiaries bearfull responsibility fo r the risks th a t arise in th e ir operations, Their employees have the best understanding o f the customer and specific market. The customer's cash flow, solidity and collateral are always th e deci sive factors in the loan approval process. Standardised risk classification tools are in place to support the lending process.

Independent risk control
The risk organisation is independent o f the business operations and is responsiblefor identification, quantification, analysis and reporting o f all risks. It upholds principles and fram eworks fo r risk management to facilitate risk assessments. The credit risk function issues internal lendingguidelines, such as cash flo w and collateral require ments fo r customers as well as ma ndate stru ctu re s fo r credit decisions w ithin the organisation. For loans exceeding certain levels, th e decisions are taken in cre dit com m ittees to create a duality w ith th e business operations. The com m ittees also promote a sound risk culture by supporting and training employees in the business areas.

Internal Audit, an independent review func tion directly subordinate to the Board of Directors, conducts reviews of the firs t and second lines o f defence, It identifies potential improvements in operations by evaluating risk management, governance and internal control. Internal Audit hasalso been tasked w ith identifying and helping to minimise activities th a t do not add value. When flaws are identified, the operations in question, in consultation w ith Internal Audit, formulate an action plan th a t clearly defines responsi bilities and sets a timetable. The agreedupon actions are followed up, and Internal Audit reports on their status to the Board of Directorsand executive management on a quarterly basis until the w ork is completed.

86

8.2

Three levels of risk management

8.2.1 First Line of Defence - Risk Management by Business Operations

Each of Swedbank's business units and subsidiaries bear full responsibility for the risks that arise within their respective operations where employees have the best understanding of their customers and specific markets.

A customer's cash flow, solvency and collateral are always the decisive factors in the loan approval process and standardised risk classification tools are supporting and facilitating the lending process.

During 2013, dedicated efforts were made to improve overall governance and control in relation to operating risks. This was primarily done through strengthening risk management capabilities in the first line of defence.

8.2.2 Second Line of Defence - Risk and Control Functions

Group Risk is independent of the Group's business operations and is responsible for the identification, quantification, analysis and reporting of all material risks. It upholds principles and the risk management framework in order to facilitate risk assessments. Group Risk is also responsible for providing operational guidance and support to the business organisation by promoting a sound risk culture within the Group.

Group Risk issues internal lending guidelines, such as cash flow and collateral requirements for customers, as well as structures used in making credit decisions within the organisation. For loans exceeding a certain level, decisions are also taken by credit committees, separately from the business organisation, in order to ensure prudent decision-making. Such committees also promote a sound risk culture by supporting and training employees in the business organisation.

8.2.3 Third Line of Defence - Internal Audit

Internal Audit, an independent review function reporting directly to the Board of Directors, conducts reviews of the first and second lines of defence. It identifies potential improvements in operations by evaluating risk management, governance and internal controls. Internal Audit has also been tasked with identifying and helping to minimise activities that do not create value.

When flaws are identified, the operations in question, in consultation with Internal Audit, formulate an action plan that clearly defines responsibilities and sets a timetable for implementing such action plan. The agreedupon plan is implemented and Internal Audit reports on its status to the Board of Directors and executive management on a quarterly basis until the work is complete.

8.3

Management

8.3.1 Board of Directors

The Swedbank Board of Directors (the "Board") has overall responsibility for managing the Swedbank Group's affairs in the interest of both Swedbank and the shareholders. The Board consists of ten members elected at the Annual General Meeting ("AGM"). The majority of members elected at the AGM are independent in relation to Swedbank and the Group Executive Committee and independent in relation to Swedbank's major shareholders. The Board also includes two employee representatives in accordance with special agreements with the Financial Sector Union of Sweden and Akademikerföreningen.

The members of the Board, their year of birth, the year of their initial election as a director and the year of their initial appointment as an employee representative, their position, and whether or not they are independent according to the requirements set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance (the "SCCG"), are set forth in the table below:

87

Name
Lars Idermark Ulrika Francke Göran Hedman

Year of birth
1957 1956 1954

Board member since
2010 2002 2010

Bodil Eriksson Peter Norman Pia Rudengren Karl-Henrik Sundström Siv Svensson
Camilla Linder Roger Ljung

1963 1958 1965 1960 1957
1968 1967

2016 2016 2009 2009 2010
2015 2015

Position

Independent/dep endent

Chair Deputy Chair Member
Member Member Member Member Member Employee Representative Employee Representative

Independent Independent Dependent in relation to Swedbank due to employment and independent in relation to Swedbank's major shareholders Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent
--
--

Details as to the education and experience of the Board members are listed below:
Lars Idermark: Mr. Idermark has been a member of the Board for fifteen years and has been involved in the operations of the Swedbank Group for nine years. He earned his Masters of Business Administration. Mr. Idermark is the President and board member of Södra Skogsägarna AB. Before that, he was the President and CEO of PostNord AB, the Chair of Aleris AB, the President and CEO of KF/Coop (the Swedish Cooperative Union), President of the Second Swedish National Pension Fund, Deputy President and CEO of Capio AB, Executive Vice President, Deputy President and CEO of FöreningsSparbanken, which is part of the Swedbank Group, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Föreningsbanken AB and President and CEO of LRF Holding AB.
Ulrika Francke: Ms. Francke has been a member of the Board for twenty-one years. She completed her university studies. Ms. Francke is the President and CEO of Tyréns AB and also Chair in the group companies. Prior to that, she was President and CEO of SBC Sveriges Bostadsrättscentrum AB, Deputy of City of Council of Stockholm, the Head of Administration of the City of Stockholm and President and CEO of Fastighets AB Brommstaden. Ms. Francke is also a board member of Hexagon AB, Chair of BIM Alliance, board member of IQ Samhällsbyggnad, board member of Almega Tjänsteförbunden, and Chair of Stockholms Stadsteater (the Stockholm City Theatre).
Göran Hedman: Mr. Hedman has been a member of the Board for fourteen years and has been involved in the operations of the Swedbank Group for 41 years. Mr. Hedman is the CEO of Sparbanken in Enköping. Before that, he was the Head of Research at Group Credit Förenings-Sparbanken AB, which is part of Swedbank, the Deputy Chief Credit Officer and held various other leading management positions at Föreningsbanken AB. Mr. Hedman is also a board member of Sparbanken in Enköping and the Uppsala Chamber of Commerce.
Pia Rudengren: Ms. Rudengren has been a member of the Board for seven years. She earned her Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics. Ms. Rudengren is a full-time Board member. Previously, she was the Vice President of W Capital Management AB and the Chief Financial Officer of Investor AB. Ms. Rudengren is also a board member of Duni AB, Tikkurila Oyj and a board member of Social Initiative AB.

88

Karl-Henrik Sundström: Mr. Sundström has been a member of the Board for seven years. He earned his Bachelor of Science in Business and Administration. Mr. Sundström is Executive Vice President, Printing & Living Division of Stora Enso AB. Previously, Mr. Sundström was the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of NXP Semiconductors and served in various roles at Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson, including as its Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, Head of Global Services and as Head of Australia and New Zealand. He has also been the Chief Financial Officer of Stora Enso. Mr Sundström is also a board member of Aktiemarknadsnämnden.
Siv Svensson: Ms. Svensson has been a member of the Board for six years and has been involved in the operations of the Swedbank Group for 27 years. She earned her Bachelor of Science in International Economics. Previously, she was the President of Sefina Finance AB and Sefina Svensk Pantbelåning AB, held several positions at Nordea AB including Vice President, Regional Head, Group Controller and Nordic Head of Global Operation Services, was Group Controller of Merita Nordbanken AB and Administrative Head at PK Fondkommission AB. Ms. Svensson is also a board member of SJ AB, Allba Holding AB, Karolinska Sjukhuset and InlandsInnovation AB.
Bodil Eriksson: Ms Eriksson has been a member of the Board since 2016. Ms Eriksson studied French literature at Uppsala University, Foreign Correspondance at the University in Lausanne and Brighton, and she also studied at RMI-Berghs. Previously, she was Senior Vice President at Volvo Car Group, Vice President at Apotek Hjärtat, Senior Vice President at SCA, as well as Vice President at Axfood.
Peter Norman: Mr Norman has been a member of the Board since 2016. Mr Norman earned his Bachelor's degree in Economics at Stockholm University. Previously he has been active within Stockholm University, the Swedish Central Bank, Alfred Berg, the seventh National Pension Fund as well as Minister for Financial Markets.
Camilla Linder: Ms Linder has graduated from upper secondary school and she is employee representative to the board since 2015. Ms. Linder is also chair of the Financial Sector Union.
Roger Ljung: Mr Ljung has graduated from upper secondary school and he is employee representative to the board since 2015.
The office address of the members of the Board is c/o Swedbank (publ), Landsvägen 40, SE-172 63 Sundbyberg Stockholm, Sweden. There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to Swedbank by any member of the Board of Swedbank, listed above, and their private interests or other duties. Some or all of the members of the Board are customers of Swedbank and accordingly have ordinary customer relationships with Swedbank.
8.3.2 Group Executive Committee
The table below sets forth the name, year of birth, current position and years of employment of the members of the Group Executive Committee:
89

Name

Year of birth Position

Employed Since

Birgitte Bonnesen Girts Berzins Elisabeth Beskow
Mikael Björknert
Lars-Erik Danielsson Anders Ekedahl Björn Elfstrand Cecilia Hernqvist Anders Karlsson Leif Karlsson Ola Laurin
Lars Ljungälv Lotta Lovén Helo Meigas Priit Perens Christer Trägårdh

1956 1973 1967
1966
1962 1960 1964 1960 1966 1966 1971
1969 1967 1965 1964 1963

President and CEO Head of Strategy within Digital Banking Head of Large Corporates & Institutions Chief Strategy Officer and Head of CEO Office Chief Credit Officer Head of Group IT Head of Group Savings Head of Compliance Chief Financial Officer Head of Lending & Payments Head of Large Corporates & Institutions Head of Large Corporates Head of Digital Banking Chief Risk Officer Head of Baltic Banking Head of Swedish Banking

1987 2011 2011
2010
1990 1987 1989 1990 1999 1990 2000
2014 2004 2004 2003 2014

At the date of this Offering Circular, the office address of the members of the Group Executive Committee is c/o Swedbank (publ) at Landsvägen 40, SE-172 63 Sundbyberg, Sweden.

There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to Swedbank by any of the Group Executive Committee and their private interests or other duties. Some or all of the members of the Group Executive Committee are customers of Swedbank and accordingly have ordinary customer relationships with Swedbank.

8.4

Auditor

The auditor is appointed at the AGM after being nominated by the Nomination Committee. Auditing duties are normally for four years, although a decision may be made to replace the auditor before the conclusion of the four-year period. The next auditor's election will be held at the 2018 AGM.

In accordance with its Articles of Association, Swedbank shall have no less than one or more than two authorised public accountants. The appointed Auditor is Deloitte AB, Sweden, with Authorised Public Accountant Svante Forsberg as Chief Auditor. Svante Forsberg is a member of FAR, the professional institute for authorised public accountants (Sw: auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants (Sw: godkända revisorer), and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden. Svante Forsberg has supervised auditing duties for the Swedbank Group since 2010.

8.5

Corporate Governance

Swedbank's corporate governance policies are designed to create a sound and effective corporate culture that fosters trust as well as customer and shareholder value. To be successful, Swedbank's governance requires that our employees are familiar with, and work together to achieve, its common goals. For this purpose, the Swedbank Group's Board of Directors prepares a corporate governance report in accordance with the SCCG.

Swedbank considers good corporate governance, risk management and internal control to be key elements for a successful business. They are prerequisites for maintaining the trust of customers, shareholders, governmental or regulatory authorities and other stakeholders. Swedbank defines corporate governance as the relationship between shareholders, executive management, employees, the Swedbank Group and other stakeholders.

90

Swedbank's governance model and operational structure are designed to ensure that all employees work towards Swedbank's common goals that support its purpose: achieving sound and sustainable financial situations for households and businesses.

8.6

Annual General Meeting

The AGM is the Swedbank Group's highest decision-making body, where the shareholders exercise their rights. The AGM is normally held before the end of April, or under special circumstances not later than 30 June. The 2016 AGM was held in Stockholm on 5 April 2016.

91

9

Capital Management

9.1

Capital Adequacy

The following tables set out the Issuer's and the Group's capital adequacy data as of the dates indicated. The Group, as of 31 December 2015 and 30 September 2016, comprised the Issuer and its subsidiaries with the exception of insurance companies. EnterCard Group was included according to the proportional consolidation method.

92

C a p ita l a d e q u a c y B a s e l 3 1* SEKm C o m m o n Equity T ie r 1 capital A dditional Tier 1 capital T ie r 1 capital Tier 2 capital Total capital Risk e x p o s u re am o u n t C o m m o n Equity T ie r 1 capital ra tio , % T ie r 1 capital ratio Total capital ra tio , % C a p ita l a d e q u a c y 2* SEKm Shareholders' equity acco rding to the G roup's balance sheet N on-controlling inte rests A n ticipa ted dividend D econsolidation o f in su ra n c e com panies A s s o c ia te d com panies con solid ate d acco rding to p u rc h a s e method V a lu e c h a n g e s in o w n fin a n c ia l liabilities Cash flow hedges A d d itio n a l v a lu e a d ju s tm e n ts 3) G o o d w ill Deferred tax assets Intangible a sse ts Net p ro v is io n s fo r re p o rte d IRB c re d it e x p o s u re s S h ares dedu cte d fro m CET1 capital D efin ed b e n e fit p e n s io n fu n d a s s e ts 4) C o m m o n Equity T ie r 1 capital Tier 1 capital con tribu tion s S hares deducted fro m T ier 1 capital Total T ie r 1 capital Tier 2 instrum ent Net p ro v is io n s fo r re p o rte d IRB c re d it e x p o s u re s S hares deducted fro m T ier 2 capital Total T ie r 2 capital Total capital
M nim um capital requirem ent fo r cred it risks, sta nd ardise d approach M nim um c a p ita l re q u ire m e n t f o r c re d it ris k s , IRB M nim um capital requirem ent fo r cred it risk, de fa ult fu n d contribution M nim um cap ital req uirem en t fo r settlem ent risks M nim um capital requirem ent fo r m arket risks M nim um capital requirem ent fo r cred it v a lu e adjustm ent M nim um capital requirem ent fo r operational risks A d ditio na l m inimum cap ital requirem ent, A rtic le 3 CRR M in im u m c a p ita l r e q u i r e m e n t 5* Risk e x p o s u re am ount cre d it risks Risk e x p o s u re am ount settlem en t risks Risk e x p o s u re am ount m arket risks Risk e x p o s u re am ount cre d it va lu e adjustm ent Risk e x p o s u re am ount op era tion al risks A dditional risk exp osu re am ount, A rtic le 3 CRR Risk e x p o s u re am o u n t
C o m m o n Equity T ie r 1 capital ra tio , % T ie r 1 capital ra tio , % Total capital ra tio , %

Basel 3 3 0 -s e p -1 6
96 049 9 634
105 683 12 526
118 209 403 711
2 3 ,8 % 26,2% 2 9 ,3 % Basel 3 3 0 -s e p -1 6 123 999
79 -11 548
204
-9 -129 -918 -12 558 -109 -1 547 -1 370
-45
96 049
9 634
105 683
12 526
12 526 118 209
4 005 21 8 3 0
3
918 500 4 972
69
32 297
322 980
11 4 7 2 6 247
62 152 860
403 711
23,8 26,2 29,3

Basel 3 2015
93 926 10 624 104 550 13 269 117 819 389 098 24,1% 26,9% 30,3% Basel 3
2015 123 163
54 -11 828
-1 249
31 -17 -474 -12 097 -95 -1 438 -1 089 -42 -993
93 926
10 624
104 550
13 269
13 269 117 819
3 823 20 732
4 1 858 594 5 047 69
31 128
306 996 7
10 730 7 422
63 083 860
389 098
24,1 26,9 30,3

Basel 3 2014
87 916 4 998
92 914 12 674 105 588 414 214 21,2% 22,4% 25,5% Basel 3
2014 117 203
46 -1 2 511
-692
74 103
-12 434 -166
-1 698 -1 599
-410
87 916
4 998
92 914
12 674
12 674 105 588
4 295 21 98 8
3 2 1 525 579 4 745
33 137
328 574 30
19 059 7 241
59 310
414 214
21,2 22,4 25,5

Basel 3 2013
80 826 5 545
86 371 4 655
91 026 440 620
18,3% 19,6% 20,7% Basel 2
2013 109 540
165 -11 100
-1 982 2 251
92 139
-11 198 -399
-1 943 -959
84 606
5 536 -1 527
88 615
4 643 -959
-1 527
2 157 90 772
1 936 28 041
3 1 688
4 486
36 154
37 4 711 40
21 103
56 077
451 931
18,7 19,6 20,1

C a p ita l b u f f e r r e q u i r e m e n t 6*, % CET1 c a p ita l re q u ire m e n t in c lu d in g b u ffe r re q u ire m e n ts o f w h ich m inimum CET1 re q u ire m e n t o f w hich capital con se rva tio n b u ffe r o f w hich co u n te rcyclica l capital b u ffe r o f w hich syste m ic risk b u ffe r CET1 c a p ita l a v a ila b le to m eet b u ffe r re q u ire m e n ts 7 )

3 0 -s e p -1 6 11,0 4,5 2,5 1,0 3,0 19,3

2015 10,7
4,5 2,5 0,7 3,0 19,6

2014 7,0 4,5 2,5
16,4

2013

C apital ad e q u ac y Basel 1 flo o r

SEKm

3 0 -s e p -1 6

2015

2014

2013

Capital requirem ent Basel 1 flo o r

73 406

68 577

69 557

64 769

O w n fu n d s Basel 3 adjusted according to rules fo r Basel 1 floo r S u rp lu s o f capital ac co rd ing to B asel 1 flo o r

119 579
46 173

118 908
50 331

107 187
37 630

92 690
27 921

Notes:

1) Figu res fo r 2013 according to Sw edbank's previous calculations under the n ew fra m e w o rk . From 1 January, 2014 according to current regulations (B a se l 3).

2) Reporting fro m 2014 according to current regulation (B a se l 3). Com parative fig u res as o f 2013 according to previous regulation (B a sel 2). 3) A d ju stm en t due to the im plem enta tio n o f EB A 's technical standards on prud ent valuation. The objective o f these standards is to determ ine prud ent values o f fa ir valued positions.

4) N et pension assets.

5 ) T o ta l m in im u m ca pital re q u ire m e n t u n d er P illa r 1, i.e 8 % o f tota l ris k exposu re am ount.

6) B u ffe r re q u ire m e n ts a ccording to S w e d ish im p le m e n ta tio n o f C R D IV.

7) CET1 capital ratio as reported, less m inim um req o f 4 .5% (excluding b u ffer reqs) and less any CET1 item s u sed to m eet the Tier 1 and total capital reqs.

93

C a p ita l a d e q u a c y , P a r e n t c o m p a n y 1)2) SEKm C o m m o n Equity T ie r 1 capital Additional Tier 1 capital T ie r 1 capital Tier 2 capital Total capital Capital requirem ent Basel 1 flo o r M in im u m capital re q u ire m e n t2 ) Risk e x p o s u re a m o u n t

3 0 -s e p -1 6
71 173 9 624
80 797 12 502 93 299 28 233 24 368 304 601

2015
68 222 10 614 78 836 13 249 92 085 26 021 24 395 304 943

2014
65 453 4 989 70 442 12 402 82 844 28 135 25 593 319 908

Basel 2
2013
56 147 4 041
60 188 2 560
62 748 25 831 25 831 322 882

C o m m o n Equity T ie r 1 capital ratio, % T ier 1 capital ratio, % Total capital ratio, %
Capital b u ffe r re q u ire m e n t3 ) % CET1 ca p ita l re q uirem en t including b u ffe r requirem ents o f w h ic h minim um CET1 requirem ent o f w hich capital conservation b u ffe r o f w h ic h co un tercyclica l capital b u ffe r o f w hich system ic risk b u ffe r CET1 ca p ita l a vailable to meet b u ffe r re q u ire m e n ts4 )

23,4 26,5 30,6
3 0 -s e p -1 6 8,3 4,5 2,5 1,3
18,9

22,4

20,5

17,4

25,9

22,0

18,6

30,2

25,9

19,4

2015 7,9 4,5 2,5 0,9
17,9

2014 7,0 4,5 2,5

2013

16,0

1) Reporting from 2014 according to the Basel 3 . Year 2013 are according to previous regulation (Basel 2). 2) Total minimum capital requirement under Pillar 1, i.e 8%.
3) Buffer requirement according to Swedish implementation of CRD IV 4) CET1 capital ratio as reported, less minimum requirement of 4.5% (excluding buffer requirements) and less any CET1 items used to meet the Tier 1 and total capital requirements.

The table below shows the distributable items of Swedbank as at 30 September 2016 and 31 December 2015. The Board of Directors proposed a dividend of SEK 10.70 per share for 2015. In total, the dividend amounted to SEK 11.9 billion and was paid on 12 April 2016.

SwedbankAB (parentcompany) Share premium reserve Cash flow hedges Retained earnings Available distributable items

30-sep-16 13 206

2015 13 206

36 372 49 57S

33 304 46 510

Source: Swedbank Annual report 2015 and Interim report Q3 2016 (Parent company)

9.1.1 Basel 3 capital requirements (Pillar 1)

The CET1 capital ratio according to Basel 3 (fully phased-in), i.e. the CET1 capital in relation to the risk exposure amount ("REA") was 24.1 per cent at the end of 2015 (21.2 per cent. at 31 December 2014) and 23.8 per cent. at 30 September 2016.

CET1 capital increased by 6.0 billion, to SEK 93.9 billion as at 31 December 2015. The change is mainly attributable to earnings, net of proposed dividend. The accounting for employee benefits (IAS 19) creates volatility in the estimated pension liabilities and increased the CET1 capital by approximately SEK 2.8bn during 2015. As at 30 September 2016, CET1 capital was SEK 96.0 billion.

The REA decreased during 2015 to SEK 389.1 billion (SEK 414.2 billion as of 31 December 2014). As at 30 September 2016, REA was SEK 403.7 billion.

Credit risk REA decreased by SEK 20.7 billion during 2015. In terms of exposures, there was an increase in corporate and private mortgage exposures in Swedish Banking and LC&I, but the effect was counteracted by decreased exposures to credit institutions and Russia and reduced balance-sheet items which decreased the

94

credit risk REA. Positive rating migrations, both in the PD and the LGD dimension, reduced REA. Updated PD models within Baltic Banking reduced REA. Fluctuations in exchange rates, mainly attributable to the Baltic credit portfolio, decreased the REA for credit risk. Credit risk REA was SEK 323.0 billion as at 30 September 2016. The REA for credit valuation adjustment (CVA risk) increased by SEK 0.2 billion. The REA for market risk decreased by SEK 8.3 billion, mainly due to decreased interest rates and FX risk, and due to the Swedish FSA's approval of the modification of one of Swedbank's valuation models to adapt to negative inter est rates. The REA for operational risks increased by SEK 3.8 billion compared with the preceding year-end, mainly due to Swedbank's revenue being higher in 2014 than in 2011. This affected the capital requirement for operational risk, which is calculated based on a rolling three-year average of revenues. In 2016, REA for operational risks decreased by SEK 0.9bn due to the annually updated calculation.
9.1.2 Swedish Capital Requirements regulation The Swedish FSA has imposed capital requirements beyond the minimum level of 7 per cent CET1 capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent) to Swedish banks, in accordance with EU rules. The four major Swedish banks, including Swedbank, are required to maintain a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent in CET1 capital within the framework of Pillar 1 and a further 2 per cent within the framework of Pillar 2. The countercyclical buffer for Swedish exposures has been 1.5 per cent since 27 June 2016. In March 2016, the Swedish FSA decided to increase the countercyclical buffer rate for Swedish exposures to 2.0 per cent, effective 19 March 2017. Due to the risk weight floor for the Swedish mortgage portfolio of 25 per cent, Swedbank has as of 30 September 2016 to maintain additional CET1 capital of SEK 25.5 billion for Swedish mortgages within the framework of Pillar 2 corresponding to 6.3 per cent REA. In its internal controls Swedbank allocates capital to its mortgage business equivalent to a 25 per cent risk weight floor. In September 2016, the Swedish FSA completed its supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP") for 2016 for Swedbank. In the course of the SREP, the Swedish FSA applied the revised requirements it adopted in May 2016 for Swedish banks calculating risk weights for capital requirements using the internal ratings-based approach, especially with regard to corporate exposures, which increased Swedbank's CET1 capital requirement for individual Pillar 2 risks by 0.7 per cent. Swedbank's total CET1 capital requirement for individual Pillar 2 risks is estimated at 2.0 per cent.
95

Composition of Swedbank's CET1 and total capital ratio requirements - fully loaded CRDIV

27.3%

29.3% 14.5%

Systemic Risk in Pillar 2
 25% REA Mortgage Floor
 Individual Pillar 2 charge
 Capital Conservation Buffer
Countercyclical buffer (2.0%)'
 Systemic Risk Buffer

14.8 %

Min. Additional T 1 and T2 capital
Minimum CET1 Requirement

Swedbank CET1 Requirements Swedbank CET1 Capital Ratio

Swedbank Total Capital Requirements

Swedbank Total Capital ratio

Source Swedbank 30 Sep, 2016 - estim ated C6T1 and Total capital requirem ent based upon the Swedish FSA s memorandum (08/09/2014). ` On 15 Mar 2016 The Swedsh FSA decided to increase the countercydtcal buffer from 15% to 20% from 19 March 2017 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________

The capital requirement for Swedbank, calculated as 31 December 2015 based on information that was current at that time, was equivalent to a CET1 capital ratio of 19.9 per cent. That requirement took into account Swedbank's Common Equity Tier 1 capital requirement for individual Pillar 2 risks of 0.9 per cent as of that time as well as all increases in countercyclical buffer values that had been announced at that time, such as the increase in the Swedish countercyclical buffer value to 1.5 per cent in June 2016. Swedbank's actual CET1 ratio at the end of 2015 was 24.1 per cent. The capital requirement for Swedbank, calculated as at 30 September 2016, was equivalent to a CET1 capital ratio of 21.6 per cent. That requirement took into account Swedbank's Common Equity Tier 1 capital requirement for individual Pillar 2 risks of 2.0 per cent as well as all increases in countercyclical buffer values that have been announced, such as the increase in the Swedish countercyclical buffer value to 2.0 per cent in March 2017. Swedbank's actual CET1 capital ratio as at 30 September 2016 was 23.8 per cent. This means that there is an adequate buffer above the fully implemented capital requirement to manage volatilities in capital and REA already in place.

96

10 Market Information
The Shares (as defined under "Description of the Shares") are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. The ISIN for the Shares is SE0000242455. Information about the past performance of the Shares and their volatility can be obtained from the website of Nasdaq Stockholm at www.nasdaqomxnordic.com. Nasdaq Stockholm can trace its roots from the foundation of the Stockholm stock exchange in 1863 and is the major stock exchange in Sweden with status as a regulated market as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 2004 on markets in financial instruments. It is supervised by the Swedish FSA. The total share trading volume of Nasdaq Stockholm during 2015 was more than SEK 4,200 billion. Prices are published on the website of Nasdaq Stockholm, and they are published within 15 minutes of a change occurring.
97

11 Description o f the Shares
Form and denomination
Under its Articles of Association, as presently adopted, there is only one class of shares, (the "Shares") in the capital of the Issuer. The Shares are denominated in SEK and their quota value is SEK 22 per share as at the date of this Offering Circular.
The Shares are issued in electronic form and presently registered in the electronic securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB which also maintains the Issuer's share register. No share certificates are issued with respect to the Shares. The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Box 191, SE-10123 Stockholm, Sweden.
The Shares have been issued, and any new Shares will be issued, in accordance with Swedish law. The rights associated with the Shares that are set forth in the Articles of Association of the Issuer, can only be changed in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw; lagen (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrorelse) and the Swedish Resolution Act (Sw: lagen (2015:1016) om resolution). Furthermore any amendments to the Issuer's Articles of Association will be subject to the approval of the Swedish FSA.
Supervisory approval for certain acquisitions of Shares
Under Swedish law, direct or indirect acquisitions of Shares require approval from the Swedish FSA when resulting in a qualified holding. A holding is qualified if it amounts to 10 per cent. or more of the capital or of all the voting rights in the Issuer or otherwise renders it possible to exercise a significant influence over the management of the Issuer. Approval is also required each time a qualified holding increases so that it amounts to or exceeds 20, 30 or 50 per cent. of the capital or of all voting rights in the Issuer or such that it causes the Issuer to become a subsidiary pursuant to Swedish law. These rules apply to purchases as well as other methods of acquiring Shares, for example conversion of the Notes into Shares. If approval is granted by the Swedish FSA, the direct or indirect shareholder will have continuous obligations in respect of its holding, among others a requirement to notify the Swedish FSA about changes in its holding of Shares and changes in its management. Also, the Swedish FSA may order the shareholder to sell all or part of its Shares.
Non-compliance with such disclosure and/or approval requirements may lead to the incurrence by the
Noteholder of substantial fines and/or suspension of voting rights associated with the Shares.
Reporting requirements at certain levels of shareholding
As long as the Shares are listed on a regulated market in the EEA anyone acquiring or disposing of Shares must report its holding to the Issuer and to the Swedish FSA each time the number of Shares or voting rights of that shareholder reaches, exceeds or falls below 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 50, 66 2/3 or 90 per cent. This applies regardless of whether the shareholder has acquired the Shares by way of a conversion of the Notes or in any other way. When calculating the number of Shares or voting rights the shareholder must include Shares held by certain other related persons or entities as further detailed in Swedish legislation.
Non-compliance with such disclosure and/or approval requirements may lead to the incurrence by the Noteholder of substantial fines and/or suspension of voting rights associated with the Shares.
Mandatory bids
A holder of less than 30 per cent. of the voting rights of the Issuer (or someone holding no voting rights) who acquires enough Shares such that its total holding amounts to at least 30 per cent. of the voting rights of the Issuer is obliged pursuant to the Swedish Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act (2006:451) (as amended or replaced from time to time) implementing Directive 2004/25/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council
98

to publish immediately the size of its holding (together with those of related parties) and, no later than four weeks thereafter, make a public offering for the remaining outstanding Shares.
Right to attend general meetings of shareholders
At general meetings of shareholders each Share carries one vote. Each shareholder is entitled to participate in general meetings and vote for the full number of Shares held by such shareholder. A shareholder is entitled to bring not more than two assistants and to be represented by proxy. on a general meeting of shareholders. A shareholder who wishes to attend a general meeting and vote for its Shares must be registered in the share register of the Issuer on the record date determined for such purpose. Notices convening general meetings shall be made by public notice in Post och Inrikes Tidningar (the Swedish Official Gazette) and by way of the notice being made available on the Issuer's web site. Information that the notice has been issued shall be made public in the Swedish daily newspaper Dagens Nyheter at the time of the notice. Notice of a general meeting must not be made earlier than 6 weeks prior to the date of the meeting and no later than 3 or in some cases 4 weeks before the date of the meeting.
Resolutions of general meetings of shareholders can usually be made by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the votes cast but in some cases higher majority requirements apply, in particular if the rights of shareholders will be affected.
Notices of general meetings of the Issuer are given in the manner described above.
Pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act, at general meetings of the Issuer the Board of Directors and the CEO are under a duty to, upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that such may take place without material damage to the Issuer and without any appreciable inconvenience to any person, provide information regarding any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or of the Issuer's financial situation (the latter normally only at the annual general meeting). Such duty to provide information applies also to the Issuer's relation to other group companies, the consolidated accounts and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries as specified in the foregoing sentence.
Right to receive dividends
Any declaration of dividends under Swedish law must be adopted by the general meeting. Dividends may only be declared to the extent there are distributable funds in the Issuer and to the extent that such declaration is prudent taking into consideration the demands, with respect to size of shareholders' equity, which are imposed by the nature, scope and risks associated with operations and the Issuer's need to strengthen its balance sheet, liquidity and financial position. The shareholders may not, as a general rule, declare higher dividends than the Board of Directors has proposed or approved.
Shareholders owning in aggregate a tenth of all outstanding Shares have the right to demand payment of dividends from the profits of the Issuer. Following such request, the Annual General Meeting shall resolve upon the distribution of one-half of the remaining profit for the year pursuant to the adopted balance sheet after certain deductions have been made. The general meeting is not, however, obliged to resolve upon dividends in excess of 5 per cent. of the Issuer's shareholders' equity. Further, the general meeting may never declare dividends in excess of distributable funds nor in violation of the prudence rule described above.
Dividends are normally paid in cash but may also be paid in kind. Persons registered as owners of the Shares in the share register on the record date established by the general meeting will be entitled to receive dividends.
99

Neither the Swedish Companies Act nor the Issuer's Articles of Association contain any restrictions regarding the dividend rights of shareholders resident outside Sweden. With the exception of any restrictions pursuant to the bank and clearing system, payment to such shareholders is executed in the same manner as for shareholders resident in Sweden. However, shareholders with a tax domicile outside Sweden are normally subject to Swedish withholding tax. See "Taxation - Sweden Taxation".
Preferential rights in case of new share issues
In the event that the Issuer resolves to issue new Shares, whether in a cash issue or an issue where the new Shares shall be paid for by way of set-off, all shareholders will typically have preferential rights to the new Shares in relation to the number of Shares held in the Issuer. For details of circumstances in which there will be an adjustment to the Floor Price in connection with any Automatic Conversion, please see the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". For the avoidance of doubt, any new Shares issued pursuant to the conversion of the Notes (in accordance with their terms) will not be subject to the preferential rights of the shareholders mentioned above.
Share repurchases by the Issuer
Since the Shares are listed on a regulated market, the Swedish Companies Act allows the Issuer to repurchase Shares in a total number not exceeding 10 per cent. of the outstanding shares, either by purchasing them on a regulated market or by way of a public offering. Any decision by the Issuer to repurchase Shares must be made by a general meeting of shareholders or by the board of directors following a mandate given by a general meeting of shareholders, in both cases requiring a majority of at least 2/3 of the votes cast as well as of the Shares represented at the meeting.
Information to shareholders
The Issuer normally discloses information to its shareholders by publication of press releases and/or by making the information available on its website.
Compulsory acquisition proceedings
Pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act, a shareholder that directly or indirectly holds more than 90 per cent. of the Shares is entitled to acquire the other shareholders' Shares and each minority shareholder is entitled to require such majority shareholder to acquire its Shares. A majority shareholder that exercises such right to acquire the outstanding Shares in the Issuer is also entitled to acquire any convertibles (including the Notes) or warrants issued by the Issuer. Each holder of such convertibles or warrants (including the Noteholders) is entitled to require the majority shareholder to acquire its convertibles (including the Notes) or warrants notwithstanding that the majority shareholder does not exercise its right to acquire the outstanding Shares. If an agreement on the purchase price cannot be reached between the parties, the purchase price shall be determined through arbitration and generally be the price which could be expected in a sale under normal circumstances. A shareholder or a holder of a convertible or a warrant who does not participate in the arbitration will be represented by a trustee appointed by the Swedish Companies Registration Office.
Transfers of Shares
A transfer of Shares must be registered in the electronic securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB to give the transferee shareholder rights in relation to the Issuer. Transfers are usually made through one or more financial intermediaries such as banks, stockbrokers etc. who are connected to Euroclear Sweden AB and may register the transfer.
100

Trading and historic performance
The ticker name of the Shares is "SWED A" and the ISIN code is SE0000242455.
The following chart and table show the dividends on the Shares (and on preference shares that were converted into ordinary Shares during 2013) for the previous five years:

Source: Swedbank Annual Report 2015.

Dividend period

2015

2014

2013

2012

Cash dividend per A share S E K

10 7

11 35

10.1

9 90

Cash dividend per preference share S E K

9 90

Dividend ratio %

75

75

75

75

Dividend growth. %

-6

12

2

87

Yield per year-end A shares per cent'

5.7

58

5.6

78

Yield per year-end preference shares percent'

78

* Based on share price at year-end

Source: Swedbank Year End Report 2012-2015

The following chart shows the market price of the Shares during the previous three years:

SEK

Source: Nasdaq Stockholm
101

12 Taxation
12.1 Swedish Taxation
The following summary is a general description of certain Swedish tax considerations in relation to the Notes and Conversion Shares for holders who are not residents of Sweden for income tax purposes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all potential aspects of Swedish taxation and is neither intended to be nor should it be construed as legal or tax advice. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are urged to consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes and Conversion Shares. This summary is based upon the laws of Sweden as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.
Under Swedish law payments of any principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a Noteholder will not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such holder is neither (i) resident in Sweden for tax purposes nor (ii) engaged in trade or business in Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the Notes are effectively connected.
Swedish law does not provide for deduction or withholding for or on account of taxes on payments of any principal or interest to a Noteholder, except on payment of interest, and any other yield on any Notes which is paid at the same time as interest, to a Noteholder who is a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with tax residence in Sweden.
Subject to what is set out below, a holder of a Note or a Conversion Share that is neither (i) resident in Sweden for tax purposes nor (ii) engaged in trade or business in Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the Notes or Conversion Shares are effectively connected will not be the subject of any Swedish income taxes in connection with the conversion of any Note into Conversion Shares or in connection with the disposal of any Note or Conversion Share. However, such a holder of a Conversion Share will be subject to Swedish withholding tax on any dividend payments and certain other distributions in relation to the Conversion Shares (Sw; kupongskatt) at a tax rate of 30 per cent. (subject to any exemptions under Swedish law or exemptions or reduced tax rates under any applicable tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation).
Private individuals who have been residents of Sweden or have had a habitual abode in Sweden at any time during a particular calendar year of a disposal or redemption, or during the preceding ten calendar years, are liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden upon a disposal of Conversion Shares and upon a disposal or redemption of Notes if the Notes were to be deemed equity related for Swedish tax purposes. Further, the conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares may trigger capital gains taxation for such private individuals. In a number of cases though, the applicability of these rules is limited by the applicable tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation.
12.2 The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT")
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member
102

State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 12.3 FATCA Withholding Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer believes that it is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of these rules to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are not clear at this time. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.
103

13 Subscription and Sale

The Joint Lead Managers have, pursuant to a Subscription Agreement (the "Subscription Agreement") dated 14 December 2016, jointly and severally agreed to subscribe and pay or, in the case of Swedbank AB (publ) (in its capacity as a joint lead manager), to procure subscribers, for the Notes at the issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes. The Issuer will pay a commission to the Joint Lead Managers pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. The Issuer will also reimburse the Joint Lead Managers in respect of certain of their expenses, and has agreed to indemnify the Joint Lead Managers against certain liabilities incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes. The Subscription Agreement may be terminated in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer.
13.1 General

Other than with respect to the admission to trading and listing of the Notes on the Irish Stock Exchange, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Offering Circular comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver the Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense.
13.2 United States of America
Regulation S Category 2

The Notes and any Conversion Shares to be delivered following the occurrence of a Trigger Event have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act
Each Joint Lead Manager has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant lead manager, of such Notes, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Joint Lead Manager has further agreed that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
13.3 United Kingdom

Each Joint Lead Manager has represented and agreed that:

(a)

it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be

communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes in

104

circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and

(b)

it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything

done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

13.4 Canada

Each Joint Lead Manager has represented and agreed that the Notes may be offered, sold and delivered only to purchasers in Canada purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

105

14 General Information

1.

Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted to the Official

List of the Irish Stock Exchange and trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock

Exchange with effect from the Issue Date.

2.

The issue of the Notes was duly authorised by the Issuer at a meeting of the board of directors

held on 9 December 2016.

3.

The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

The ISIN in respect of the Notes is XS1535953134 and the Common Code in respect of the Notes

is 153595313. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-

1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue

JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are the entities in

charge of keeping the records.

4.

There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer or the

Swedbank Group since 30 September 2016. There has been no material adverse change in the

financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2015.

5.

In December 2014 the Swedish Shareholders' Association filed a class action against Swedbank

Robur with the National Board for Consumer Disputes ("ARN"). The Swedish Shareholders'

Association claims that two funds, Allemansfond Komplett and Kapitalinvest, were not actively

managed for an extended period and that Swedbank Robur therefore should repay a portion of the

management fee. Swedbank Robur has responded to the Swedish Shareholders' Association's

submission to ARN. The response is comprehensive and outlines several reasons for Swedbank

Robur's opinion that there is no need to compensate the fund owners. Swedbank Robur is of the

opinion that the funds in question have always been managed actively and the company has

openly and regularly disclosed how the funds have been managed and the fees. The issue of

active versus passive management is complicated and affects not only Swedbank Robur but is of

fundamental importance to the industry in Sweden and abroad.

On 1 July 2015 the ARN decided not to proceed with the class action. The ARN stated in the decision that the matter was not suitable for the ARN to try. The Swedish Shareholders' Association subsequently filed a request that the ARN reconsider its decision. On 14 October 2015, the ARN decided not to revise the decision to reject the class action complaint.

The Swedish Shareholders' Association submitted an application in August and December 2015 to the Consumer Ombudsman ("KO") for the KO to take over the class action to represent an individual in an ordinary litigation brought by such an individual against Swedbank Robur. KO rejected this proposal on 4 September 2015 and on 18 December 2015. No known actions from the Swedish Shareholders' Association are ongoing at the moment.

6.

Except for the proceedings mentioned in paragraph 5 above, there are no governmental, legal or

arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which

the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have, or

have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer

or the Swedbank Group.

7.

Deloitte AB (Authorised Public Accountants) of Rehnsgatan 11, SE-113 79 Stockholm, Sweden,

have audited the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December

2015 and 31 December 2014.

106

Deloitte AB is a member of FAR, the professional institute for authorised public accountants (Sw; auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants (Sw; godkända revisorer) and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden.

8.

For so long as Notes are listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and admitted to

trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange, hard copies and, where

appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal

business hours at the offices of the Issuer (which, at the date of this Offering Circular, are at

Landsvägen 40 SE-172 63 Sundbyberg, Sweden) and the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in

London:

(a)

Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(b)

the Agency Agreement;

(c)

the Deed of Covenant;

(d)

the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial

years ended 31 December 2015 and 2014 in each case together with the audit reports

prepared in connection therewith; and

(e)

the unaudited financial information in the published unaudited interim report of the Issuer

as at 30 September 2016.

9.

Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in

connection with the Offering Circular and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official

List or to trading on the Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange.

10.

Some of the Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future

engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business

with the Issuer or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees

and commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business

activities, the Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of

investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and

financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their

customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of

the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Joint Lead Managers or their affiliates that have a

lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent

with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Joint Lead Managers and their

affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the

purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially

the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The

Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or

publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial

instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in

such securities and instruments.

11.

The indication of the yield of the Notes is 6.002 per cent. per annum and is calculated as at the

date of this Offering Circular on the basis of the issue price and the Initial Rate of Interest. It is not

an indication of future yield.

12.

The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms

have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be

ascribed to them under applicable law.

107

THE ISSUER
Swedbank AB (publ) Registered address: SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden Visitors' address: Landsvägen 40, SE-172 63 Sundbyberg, Sweden

JOINT LEAD MANAGERS

BNP Paribas 10 Harewood Avenue
London NW1 6AA United Kingdom

Citigroup Global Markets Limited Citigroup Centre Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5LB United Kingdom

HSBC Bank plc 8 Canada Square London E14 5HQ United Kingdom
Swedbank AB (publ) SE-105 34 Stockholm
Sweden

J.P. Morgan Securities pic 25 Bank Street Canary Wharf London E14 5JP United Kingdom
UBS Limited 5 Broadgate London EC2M 2QS United Kingdom

AUDITOR OF THE ISSUER Deloitte AB
Rehnsgatan 11 SE-113 79 Stockholm
Sweden
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT and PAYING AND CONVERSION AGENT
Citibank, N.A., London Branch Citigroup Centre Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5LB United Kingdom

108

LEGAL ADVISERS

to the Issuer as to English law:

to the Issuer as to Swedish law:

Linklaters LLP One Silk Street London EC2Y 8HQ United Kingdom

Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå KB Hamngatan 2 P.O. Box 5747
SE-114 87 Stockholm Sweden

to the Joint Lead Managers as to English law:
Allen & Overy LLP One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD United Kingdom

to the Joint Lead Managers as to Swedish law:
Wistrand Advokatbyrå Regeringsgatan 65 P.O. Box 7543
SE-103 93 Stockholm Sweden

LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited Earlsfort Centre Earlsfort Terrace Dublin 2 Ireland

Printed by Allen & Overy LLP ICM:21267732
109

