Kojamo plc
(incorporated with limited liability in Finland)
500,000,000 1.500 per cent. Notes due 2024
Issue price: 99.559 per cent.
Kojamo plc, a public limited company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of Finland (the Issuer) is offering 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.500 per cent. Notes due 2024 (the Notes).
THE ISSUER MAY, AT ITS OPTION, REDEEM ALL, BUT NOT SOME ONLY, OF THE NOTES AT ANY TIME (I) AT THEIR PRINCIPAL AMOUNT PLUS ACCRUED INTEREST, IN THE EVENT OF CERTAIN TAX CHANGES AS DESCRIBED UNDER "CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES--REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE"; AND (II) AT THE RELEVANT EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT (AS DEFINED AND DESCRIBED FURTHER UNDER "CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES-- REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE--REDEMPTION AT THE OPTION OF THE ISSUER"). IN ADDITION, UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF A CHANGE OF CONTROL OF THE ISSUER, FOLLOWED BY A DOWNGRADE OF A CREDIT RATING ASSIGNED TO THE ISSUER AS DESCRIBED UNDER "CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES--REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE-- REDEMPTION AT THE OPTION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL PUT EVENT", HOLDERS OF THE NOTES MAY REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO REDEEM OR, AT THE OPTION OF THE ISSUER, PURCHASE (OR PROCURE THE PURCHASE OF) THE NOTES AT 101 PER CENT. OF THEIR PRINCIPAL AMOUNT PLUS ACCRUED INTEREST. THE NOTES MATURE ON 19 JUNE 2024.
The Notes (as defined under "Conditions of the Notes") have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S), and may not be offered and sold or delivered within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
This prospectus (Prospectus) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Directive 2003/71/EC (the Prospectus Directive) as amended (including by Directive 2010/73/EU). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and European Union (EU) law pursuant to the Prospectus Directive. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market (the Main Securities Market). Such approval relates only to the Notes that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area. References in this Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the Main Securities Market. The Main Securities Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments.
The Issuer has been rated Baa2 by Moody's Investors Service Limited (Moody's). The Notes have been rated Baa2 by Moody's. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Moody's is established in the EU and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.
The Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary Global Note), without interest coupons, which will be deposited on or about 19 June 2017 (the Closing Date) with a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg). Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the Global Notes), without interest coupons, on or after 31 July 2017 (the Exchange Date), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes only in certain limited circumstances. See "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while represented by the Global Notes".
An investment in Notes involves certain risks. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the heading "Risk Factors" on page 1.

Global Coordinators

DEUTSCHE BANK

NORDEA

OP CORPORATE BANK

Joint Bookrunners

DANSKE BANK

DEUTSCHE BANK

OP CORPORATE BANK

NORDEA

SVENSKA HANDELSBANKEN
The date of this Prospectus is 15 June 2017

This Prospectus comprises a prospectus for the purposes of Article 5 of the Prospectus Directive.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
References to the Issuer are to Kojamo plc. References to Kojamo, Kojamo Group or Group are to Kojamo plc and its Subsidiaries (as defined under "Conditions of the Notes--Interpretation"), except where it is clear from the context that the term means Kojamo plc, and except that references and matters relating to the shares and share capital of Kojamo plc or matters of corporate governance shall refer to shares, share capital and corporate governance of Kojamo plc.
The Issuer, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that this Prospectus contains all material information with respect to the Issuer and the Notes (including all information which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and of the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes), that the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, that the opinions and intentions expressed in this Prospectus are honestly held and that there are no other facts known to the Issuer, the omission of which would make this Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Prospectus.
This Prospectus contains certain market, historical and forward looking economic and industry data, including information in "Risk Factors" and "Information about the Issuer" which have been obtained from publicly available information, independent industry publications and reports prepared by industry consultants. The Issuer has relied on the accuracy of such information without an independent verification thereof, however, the Issuer believes the information to be reliable. Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, this information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Such information, data and statistics may be approximations or estimates or use rounded numbers. Information in this Prospectus which has been sourced from a third party is identified as such with the name of the third party source. None of the Issuer, the Joint Bookrunners or the Trustee (as defined below) represent that such information is accurate.
The language of this Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Prospectus.
Save for the Issuer, no party has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Joint Bookrunners or Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the Trustee) for the holders of the Notes (the Noteholders) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the offering of the Notes. No Joint Bookrunner or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the offering of the Notes or their distribution.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any Joint Bookrunner or the Trustee to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Joint Bookrunners or the Trustee.
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Joint Bookrunners or the Trustee that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition
i

and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Joint Bookrunners, or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:

(i)

have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and

risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;

(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;

(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial markets; and

(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Joint Bookrunners and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Notes or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a further description of certain restrictions on the offering and sale of the Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Joint Bookrunners and the Trustee do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Joint Bookrunners or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States and the United Kingdom; see "Subscription and Sale".

IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES, NORDEA BANK AB (PUBL) AS STABILISATION MANAGER (THE STABILISATION MANAGER) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISATION MANAGER) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT

ii

TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE STABILISATION MANAGER (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISATION MANAGER) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. All references in this Prospectus to euro and  refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
iii

CONTENTS
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................................ 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................................ 16 CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................................... 17 SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE REPRESENTED BY THE GLOBAL NOTES ............................................................................................................................................................................. 35 USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................................... 38 ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .......................................................................................................... 39 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................................ 42 MARKET OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................... 60 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ................................................................................... 63 BOARD OF DIRECTORS, MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS.................................................................................. 68 SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE ................................................................................................. 73 TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................................... 74 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................................... 77 GENERAL INFORMATION........................................................................................................................................... 79 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ...................................................................................................................... 81

RISK FACTORS
Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should carefully review the specific risk factors described below, in addition to the other information contained in this Prospectus. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. Kojamo's business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected by each of these risks presented. Also other risks and uncertainties not described herein could affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer currently believes are immaterial, could impair the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Certain other matters regarding the operations of the Issuer that should be considered before making an investment in the Notes are set out, in the section "Information about the Issuer", amongst other places. The order of presentation of the risk factors in this Prospectus is not intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
The capitalised words and expressions in this section shall have the meanings defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions
Kojamo's business, results of operations and profitability are subject to risks related to general economic conditions.
Kojamo's revenue and operating profit are impacted by general economic conditions, which, in turn, are influenced by factors beyond Kojamo's control. During the last few years, the uncertain economic and financial market conditions have had an adverse effect on general business conditions and resulted in increased unemployment and lower business confidence in Finland.
Changes in general economic conditions, which are usually reflected in changes in Finnish GDP, may have an impact on the overall demand for rental apartments in Finland, the ability of tenants to pay rent, the value of apartments and rent levels. This would consequently affect the demand for Kojamo's services. If the general economic situation worsens or the prices of apartments decline, the value and rental yield of Kojamo's residential properties (and Kojamo itself), may decline. While Finnish GDP experienced moderate growth of 1.4 per cent. in 20161 there can be no assurance that growth will continue. GDP growth in Finland is expected to remain slower than in the rest of the Eurozone.2 Kojamo may not be able to utilise the opportunities brought about by economic fluctuations or adapt to a long-lasting economic downturn or recession. A decrease in the demand for residential units could have an adverse effect on Kojamo's business operations, financial position, results and future prospects, which could affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
The continuing uncertainty and lack of visibility in financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have generally had an adverse impact on the ability of companies to access financing. This may expose Kojamo to risks related to costs of financing. A significant decline in the credit rating or default of one or more sovereigns or financial institutions could negatively impact the global financial system and could have an adverse effect on both the markets in which Kojamo operates and the business, economic condition and prospects of Kojamo's counterparties or customers, directly or indirectly, in ways which are difficult to predict. Kojamo could be adversely affected by either a decrease in the availability of financing or by an increase in the price of financing obtained by its customers, which in turn could have a negative impact on the demand for residential housing.
Economic fluctuations caused by the general economic situation may have a significant adverse effect on the financial position of Kojamo's customers and their ability to pay rents. In addition, changes in the market position of Kojamo's customers may result in increased market shares for competing landlords other than Kojamo. This may have adverse effects on the volume of Kojamo's business operations and financial position.
1 Source: Statistics Finland, Findicator 2017. 2 Source: Statistics Finland, Findicator 2017.
1

Kojamo's management is continuously assessing and monitoring its funding position and has taken various measures, such as diversifying its funding base and actively managing its interest rate risk, to minimise the uncertainty which changes in financial markets cause to its financial performance. However, there can be no assurance that Kojamo's liquidity and access to financing will not be affected by changes in the financial markets or international sanctions or that its capital resources will, at all times, be at a sufficient level to satisfy its business and liquidity needs. Materialisation of any of the above risks, potential further adverse developments in macroeconomic conditions and continued uncertainty in the financial markets could adversely affect Kojamo's asset values, future cost of debt and access to bank and capital market financing, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Risks related to the Issuer's business operations
Decreases in the occupancy level, increases in tenant turnover and any increases in the amount of overdue rent may weaken Kojamo's results.
The most notable risks in Kojamo's customer management are related to potential decreases in the occupancy rate and any increases in tenant turnover or overdue rent. Kojamo's occupancy level, tenant turnover and amount of overdue rent depend on, among other things, general economic factors and the level of new-build construction activity.
The occupancy rate of Kojamo's residential properties has a significant impact on Kojamo's business and profitability. In the event of an increase in vacancy rates, Kojamo would be in the position of having lost rental income while still having to cover maintenance costs. In addition, tenant turnover is a central aspect of the housing investment business. Tenant turnover often results in costs to Kojamo, for example, due to the expenses associated with arranging and signing new rental agreements and minor renovations typically made following a tenant's departure from a property. Kojamo aims to secure a high occupancy level and reduce tenant turnover, by (i) enhancing the desirability of its housing through planned maintenance and repair activity, (ii) improving the efficiency of the renting process by focusing on its digital service offering to prevent vacancy at the turn of the month, (iii) actively developing its housing portfolio to meet the demands of tenants, and (iv) maintaining tenant satisfaction through well-functioning services that are easy to access during the tenancy. Moreover, any increase in the number of tenants not paying rent when it falls due would negatively impact Kojamo's revenues and business.
If Kojamo fails to maintain the occupancy rate at a satisfactory level or the tenant turnover of its residential properties or the amount of overdue rent increases significantly, this could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Refurbishment and maintenance repair costs may result in decreased profit margin or increased rents and thus decreased demand for rental housing.
Kojamo expects that nearly all of its properties will require some level of renovation in the future, following expiration of a lease or otherwise. Kojamo's homes will have infrastructure and appliances of varying ages and conditions. Refurbishment and maintenance repairs are continually carried out by Kojamo in its properties mainly due to the condition of such properties and regulatory requirements concerning energy-efficiency. The costs of refurbishment and maintenance repairs are often significant and relate mainly to plumbing, facade, roof, window and balcony renovations. In practice, residential buildings in Finland must typically have their plumbing refurbished every 45­50 years and such refurbishment customarily covers the renewal of both water and sewage pipes. Similarly, facades, roofs and balconies must be renovated or repaired approximately every 20­30 years, although these time frames are subject to the needs of each individual residential building. In 2016, Kojamo spent approximately EUR 68.4 million on refurbishments and maintenance repairs. Kojamo expects the refurbishments and maintenance repair costs to remain at the same level in proportion to the size of Kojamo's housing portfolio in the future. However, refurbishment and maintenance repair costs may increase, for example, as a result the requirements for energy-efficiency becoming more exacting, and therefore there can be no assurance that the amount spent on refurbishment and maintenance repair by Kojamo will not significantly increase from the level currently expected by Kojamo. If such risk materialises, the profit margin in respect of Kojamo's rental housing may decrease or Kojamo may be required to increase rents to offset such increased cost, which may result in reduced demand for Kojamo's rental housing and have a negative effect on the occupancy rate. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition,
2

results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo may not have control over timing and costs arising from renovation of properties.
In addition to continual refurbishment and maintenance work, Kojamo may acquire properties that it plans to extensively renovate, or properties that it expects to be in good condition only to discover unforeseen defects or problems that require extensive renovation and capital expenditures. Kojamo expects that it will routinely retain independent contractors and trade professionals to carry out such work and Kojamo will be exposed to all of the risks inherent in property renovation, including potential cost overruns (including potential increases in labour and materials costs), delays by contractors in completing work, delays in receiving necessary work permits and the risk of poor workmanship. Although Kojamo does not expect renovation difficulties on any individual property to have material impact on the overall results, should the assumptions regarding the costs or timing of renovation across Kojamo's portfolio prove to be materially inaccurate, this could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo may not necessarily be able to find properties suitable for its property portfolio.
Kojamo actively seeks opportunities to expand its property portfolio and according to its strategy it aims to have EUR 5.8 billion property portfolio by 2021 (compared to EUR 4.3 billion as at 31 December 2016). While executing its strategy, Kojamo may encounter challenges and difficulties in acquiring residential properties that meet its objectives. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the investments made by Kojamo will be successful in all situations. Opportunities for acquiring residential properties that meet Kojamo's objectives may reduce materially due to, among other things, increased competition, in which case the targeted return may not be reached. Furthermore, there can be no certainty that residential properties can be acquired within envisaged timelines, envisaged regions, at sufficient discounts or at all. This could have an adverse effect Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Locations where Kojamo's residential properties are situated may become less attractive.
The attractiveness of a residential property from the perspective of potential tenants depends on, among other things, its location. Locations where Kojamo's residential properties are situated may become less attractive. The attractiveness of individual locations may change significantly over time, which may have an adverse effect on the yield of the residential properties and Kojamo's ability to find tenants for particular locations. As Kojamo's current residential properties are mostly in the Helsinki region (the Helsinki Metropolitan Area) and in other growth centres in Finland, its business depends on the development of these regions as well as the general development of Finland's economy. If the unemployment rate in any of the target cities increases, for example, due to a change in its economic structure, demand for residential property for rent or sale could decrease. If the economy and the housing market develop unfavourably in these regions, this could have an adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Changes in legislation could adversely affect the value of Kojamo's residential property or revenue, increase its costs and/or slow or halt property development.
Kojamo's operations are subject to various laws and regulations covering areas such as urban planning, construction and operating permits, health, safety, environmental, competition and labour provisions, and corporate, accounting and tax laws. Changes in such laws and regulations or their interpretations could require Kojamo to adapt its business operations, assets or strategy, which could potentially have a negative impact on the value of its residential property or revenue, increase its expenses, and/or slow or halt the development of certain of its properties. In particular, requirements for energy-efficiency have become more stringent in recent years which has resulted in, among other things, increased construction prices. The materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
3

State-subsidies are subject to extensive regulation and supervision, and new or stricter restrictions may be imposed.
Kojamo's business operations are divided into two segments: Lumo (Lumo) and VVO (VVO). Although Kojamo has sold nearly all of its apartment buildings belonging to the VVO segment, approximately ten per cent. of the housing stock of Kojamo still belongs to the VVO segment. The companies belonging to the VVO segment are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by Finnish housing authorities. Due to numerous amendments, the legislation regarding state-subsidised residential property has become very complex and consequently difficult to manage, often leading to differing interpretations in respect of the application of the legislation. Kojamo is subject to the risk that new laws or regulations will be adopted with regard to statesubsidised housing and such new laws and regulations could, for example, increase or tighten the restrictions on the appropriation of profits and/or ownership applicable to such properties. The materialisation of this risk could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo's revenue and expenses are not directly correlated, and because a large percentage of Kojamo's expenses are fixed, Kojamo may not be able to adapt its cost structure to offset declines in its revenue.
Most of the expenses associated with Kojamo's business, such as acquisition costs, renovation and maintenance costs, real estate taxes, personal taxes, insurance, utilities, employee wages and benefits and other general corporate expenses are relatively fixed and would not necessarily decrease with a reduction in revenue from Kojamo's business. Kojamo's apartment buildings are also prone to depreciation and may require a significant amount of ongoing gross investments. In 2016, Kojamo's gross investments totalled EUR 696.0 million. Kojamo's expenses and ongoing gross investments exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. As a result, Kojamo may not be able to fully offset rising costs and capital spending through higher rental rates, which could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Many factors impact the rental housing market and if rents do not increase sufficiently to keep pace with rising costs of operations, Kojamo's income and distributable cash will decline.
The success of Kojamo's business model depends, in part, on favourable conditions in its target rental markets. Kojamo's asset acquisitions are premised on assumptions about occupancy and rent levels, and if those assumptions prove to be too optimistic, Kojamo's cash flows and profitability may reduce as a result. Rental rates and occupancy levels have recently benefited from macroeconomic trends affecting the Finnish economy and residential real estate markets in particular. The tightening of credit decision policies of banks has made it more difficult to finance home purchases, combined with efforts by consumers generally to reduce their level of indebtedness, and fluctuating real estate values that have challenged the traditional notion that homeownership is a stable investment. Kojamo does not expect these favourable trends in the rental housing market to continue indefinitely. Eventually, a strengthening of the economy and employment, and/or other factors may contribute to a stabilisation or reversal of the current trend that enhances the attractiveness of renting. A softening of the rental market in Kojamo's target areas would reduce Kojamo's rental income and profitability and could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Variations in supply and demand in the housing market may have an impact on the values of housings and rental levels.
The housing market is sensitive to fluctuations in supply and demand. Historically, housing prices in Finland have responded pro-cyclically to economic growth rates, while the demand for rental housing has been countercyclical meaning that the demand has increased in economic downturns and decreased in upturns. The values of housing and rental levels are affected by a number of factors including events related to internal and external politics, interest rates, economic growth, the availability of credit and taxation policies. New construction, investor supply and demand and other factors may also materially affect the values of housing and rental housing in certain areas in Finland, and, consequently, supply and demand in the housing market within such areas regardless of and even contrary to the overall development of the Finnish housing market. Any decrease in the prices of residential property is likely to have a negative impact on the fair value of Kojamo's housing portfolio. The materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
4

Investment property valuation is to a certain extent subjective and inaccurate.
Investment property valuations in respect of Kojamo's portfolio are based on historical Finnish housing price data, certain assumptions, including estimates on acquisition costs, and calculations on capitalised net rental income and deductions based on Kojamo's internal valuation principles at a specified date. In the event of significant and rapid market changes, such historical data Kojamo utilises may not accurately reflect the current market value of Kojamo's property portfolio. Further, the above described valuation assumptions utilised by Kojamo may prove to be inaccurate, and adverse market changes since the date when such assumptions were made may result in significant reductions in the value of properties in Kojamo's portfolio. Kojamo's properties are internally valued at the end of each financial quarter, based on methods which Kojamo's management believes to be generally accepted and used throughout the housing industry in Finland. Further, an independent external valuation advisor, Authorised Property Valuers (AKA), issues a statement on the applicability of Kojamo's valuation method and model. Regardless of these factors, the valuation of Kojamo's properties is to a certain extent subjective and thus subject to uncertainty. Hence, there can be no assurance that the valuations accurately reflect the current market value of Kojamo's residential properties and property-related assets at the date of valuation or at any other date. Incorrect assumptions or flawed assessments underlying the valuations, or materialisation of any of the above risks could result in incorrect or overestimated value of Kojamo's property portfolio that could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
For more information on Kojamo's property portfolio valuation, see section "Information about the Issuer ­ Kojamo's operational functions ­ Kojamo's property portfolio".
Possible lack of liquidity in the housing market may limit Kojamo's ability to dispose of properties.
Kojamo selectively makes divestments of properties in Finland. Such divestments may be affected by many factors beyond Kojamo's control, such as the availability of bank financing to potential buyers, interest rates and the supply of and demand for properties. A possible lack of liquidity in the housing market may limit Kojamo's ability to sell properties and modify its property portfolio in a timely manner in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Even if Kojamo expects such a scenario to be unlikely, should Kojamo be required to divest part of its properties due to, for example, its inability to obtain financing, there can be no assurance that Kojamo will be able to carry out such divestments in a profitable manner or that such divestments will be possible at all, if the market functions inadequately or is illiquid. While divestments do not represent a major part of Kojamo's results of operations, any unsuccessful divestments of properties could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo is exposed to risks relating to unfavourable contractual terms, quality of work and weakened financial standing by partners and suppliers.
Kojamo relies on long-term contracts with its key partners and suppliers to carry out certain services and tasks relating, among other things, to property development and construction, maintenance and cleaning as well as repairs of residential properties. By relying on partners and suppliers, Kojamo is exposed to a number of risks relating to these entities and mutual business relationships. For instance, Kojamo may not be able to enter into agreements with its partners and suppliers on acceptable terms or the partners and suppliers may experience financial or other difficulties, such as labour shortage, which may affect their ability to provide services. Further, the quality of the work carried out by the partners and suppliers may be inadequate and may result in defects despite Kojamo's efforts to ensure quality, for example, through its Laaki quality assurance system for building management, implemented throughout Finland.
Kojamo strives to mitigate risks related to external partners and suppliers by performing certain central services and tasks, such as property management, real estate management and marketing, through in-house personnel. Moreover, Kojamo seeks to avoid dependence on individual service providers to secure the continuity of services provided by partners and suppliers by regularly identifying more than one eligible service provider for each outsourced task. However, there can be no assurance that eligible service providers will be available when needed. Any of these risks may affect Kojamo's ability to service its customers, conclude its projects on time and within budget and result in additional costs for Kojamo and thereby, have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
5

Rental agreements in force until further notice could be terminated within a short time period.
The majority of Kojamo's rental agreements with its tenants are non-fixed-term and valid until further notice with only a small number of fixed-term contracts. The tenants may generally terminate rental agreements with a month's notice. Therefore, the rental agreements entail the risk that a significant number of them may be terminated within a short time period. In such cases, Kojamo may encounter difficulties in finding a sufficient number of incoming tenants to replace outgoing tenants, given the short period of time. This could have an adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo is dependent upon professional management.
Kojamo's success materially depends on the professional skills and contribution of Kojamo's management and personnel. Further, Kojamo's success is, to a large extent, dependent on its ability to retain, motivate and recruit highly skilled staff at every level of its organisation. Kojamo may fail to retain key personnel and recruit skilled staff. Any loss of senior management or other employees with special expertise on Kojamo, its business and the industry could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo is dependent upon value of its brands.
Kojamo's success is dependent upon the value of each of the Lumo and VVO brands, which Kojamo manages and protects through separate brand management plans for each segment. Kojamo's brands hold a great significance in respect of both its business operations and the implementation of its strategies. The values of the Lumo and VVO brands are important to Kojamo's business partners, such as cities, construction companies and lenders. In addition, corporate social responsibility is part of Kojamo's normal long-term activities. The maintenance and positioning of Kojamo's brands is highly dependent on the success of marketing and promotional activities and on Kojamo's ability to provide housing services with a uniformly high quality. Failure to achieve success in this regard, and failure to implement measures and policies related to corporate social responsibility or the impairment of Kojamo's corporate image or reputation due to negative publicity or customer experience could have an adverse effect on Kojamo's brands and their development. Should the Lumo or VVO brands lose value, regaining any lost brand value might prove impossible or give rise to significant costs. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Rental housing business is highly competitive.
Rental housing is a highly competitive business in Finland. Kojamo's main competitors in this sector are private households, municipalities, parishes, foundations and corporate investors. The competition for attractive plots and tenants of good financial standing is intense, particularly in Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa. The competition for attractive plots has led to a steep increase in plot prices during the recent years. Furthermore, an uptrend in construction usually increases construction prices which in turn decreases the profitability of housing construction projects and delays the commencement of projects. There can be no assurance that Kojamo can meet the increasing competition on the rental housing markets. Intensifying competition could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo intends to continue to expand its scale of operations and make acquisitions even if the rental and housing markets are not as favourable as they have been in the past.
There are many factors that may cause a recovery in the housing market that would result in future acquisitions becoming more expensive and possibly less attractive than in the last few years and present opportunities, including improvements in the overall economy and labour market, a greater availability of consumer credit, the emergence of increased competition from private investors and entities with similar investment objectives to Kojamo's and tax or other government incentives that encourage homeownership. Kojamo has not adopted and does not expect to adopt a policy of making future acquisitions only if they are accretive to existing yields. Kojamo will continue to invest significant resources in developing its properties and Kojamo plans to continue acquiring properties as long as Kojamo believes such properties offer an attractive total return opportunity. Accordingly, future acquisitions could have lower yield characteristics than Kojamo's current portfolio, which
6

could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Poor tenant selection and defaults by tenants may affect Kojamo's financial performance and reputation.
Kojamo's success will depend in large part upon its ability to attract and retain solvent and long-term tenants for its properties. This will depend, in turn, upon Kojamo's ability to screen applicants, identify good tenants and avoid tenants who may default. However, in Kojamo's VVO business segment the applicant screening is always subject to the application of the relevant Finnish social housing policies and legislation regulating the resident selection process, tenant criteria as well as set income limits. For more information on ARAVA legislation, see section "Information about the Issuer ­ Kojamo's business segments".
Kojamo will inevitably make mistakes in the selection of tenants (to the extent such selection is even allowed), and may rent apartments to tenants that may default on the leases or otherwise fail to comply with the terms of their lease, which may negatively impact Kojamo's financial performance, reputation and the quality and value of Kojamo's properties. In addition, tenants may make unreasonable and repeated demands for service or improvements, make unsupported or unjustified complaints to regulatory or political authorities, make use of Kojamo's properties for illegal purposes, damage or make unauthorised structural changes to Kojamo's properties which may not be fully covered by security deposits, refuse to leave the property when the lease is terminated, engage in domestic violence or similar disturbances, disturb nearby residents with noise, trash, odours or eyesores, sublet to less desirable individuals in violation of their lease, or permit unauthorised persons to live with them. The process of evicting a defaulting tenant from a residence can be adversarial, protracted and costly. Furthermore, some tenants facing eviction may damage or destroy the property. Damage to Kojamo's properties may significantly delay re-letting after eviction, necessitate expensive repairs or impair the rental income or value of the property, resulting in a lower than expected rate of return. In addition, Kojamo will incur turnover costs associated with re-leasing the properties such as marketing and brokerage commissions and will not collect revenue while the property sits vacant.
Although Kojamo will attempt to work with tenants to reduce the risk of such damage or destruction, there can be no assurance that Kojamo will be successful in all or most cases. Such tenants may not only cause Kojamo to fail to achieve its financial objectives for the properties in which they live, but may subject Kojamo to liability, and potentially damage Kojamo's reputation with other tenants and in the communities where Kojamo does business. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
System malfunctions in Kojamo's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability of its operations.
A large proportion of Kojamo's operations are dependent on information systems, the ability to operate such information systems efficiently and to introduce new technologies, systems as well as safety and back-up systems. Such information systems include telecommunication systems as well as software applications which Kojamo uses to control business operations, manage its housing portfolio, prepare operating and financial reports and execute treasury operations. To mitigate the risks in relation to system malfunctions, Kojamo maintains essential system planning, information management, data centre operations and contingency planning measures. However, the operation of Kojamo's information systems may be interrupted because of, among other things, power cuts, computer or telecommunication malfunctions, computer viruses, defaults by IT suppliers, crime targeted at information systems or major disasters, such as fires, as well as user errors committed by Kojamo's own staff. Material interruptions or serious malfunctions in the operation of the information systems may impair and weaken Kojamo's business, financial condition and the profitability of its operations. Kojamo may also face difficulties when developing new systems and maintaining or updating current systems in order to maintain its competitiveness. In particular, severe malfunctions in its IT systems could delay Kojamo in issuing rental invoices to its customers and prevent Kojamo from renting available housings. The materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise Kojamo's information and expose it to liability, which would cause its business and reputation to suffer.
In the ordinary course of business Kojamo acquires and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, Kojamo's proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of Kojamo's prospective and
7

current tenants, employees and third-party service providers. This information is acquired and stored in Kojamo's offices and on Kojamo's networks and website. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to Kojamo's operations and business strategy. To mitigate risks relating to security breaches, Kojamo conducts regular privacy impact assessments (the latest one was performed in 2017) and has implemented necessary guidelines in this respect. Kojamo also maintains information security practices as well as technical, physical and administrative controls. Despite these security measures, Kojamo's information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise Kojamo's networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to Kojamo's operations and the services Kojamo provides to customers or damage Kojamo's reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo may fail to comply with data protection and privacy laws
Kojamo handles a large amount of personal data of its current and prospective tenants including, inter alia, detailed information on individuals' financial position. Therefore Kojamo's operations are subject to a number of laws relating to data protection and privacy, including the EU Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC) that will be replaced by the General Data Protection Regulation (679/2016) in 2018 as well as other Finnish data protection laws (for example, related to processing of credit information). The requirements of these laws may affect Kojamo's ability to collect and process personal data in a way that is of commercial use to Kojamo in its tenant selection. The new EU General Data Protection Regulation will increase obligations to companies processing personal data and introduce substantial administrative fines for non-compliance (up to EUR 20 million or 4 per cent. of the company's global annual turnover). In addition, non-compliance or data breaches may result in damages as well as loss of goodwill and have negative impact on Kojamo's business. Any failure to comply with the data protection laws could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo's operations are subject to stringent environmental regulations.
In respect of its properties, Kojamo must comply with local regulations in relation to, for example, environment, health and safety. For instance, soil contamination can cause substantial delays and increase costs associated with construction projects (such as new construction, conversion and extension). As the owner of the buildings and the underlying land, Kojamo can be held liable for deterioration, damage, encumbrance or other hazardous causes originating from the operation of the properties. Any such event or material decrease in the value of the properties not known or not recognisable at the time of the purchase or occurring at a later date could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo. In addition, the costs of the removal or clean-up of any deterioration, contamination, damage, encumbrance or hazardous cause may be higher than anticipated by Kojamo. Moreover, failure to comply with environmental regulations, or the need to comply with new, stricter environmental regulations that may be introduced, could lead to higher costs or hinder the development of Kojamo's operations. Even if Kojamo has not faced any significant environmental liabilities in the past, there can be no assurance that Kojamo could not become liable for material environmental damage or other environmental liabilities in the future. The materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo may be subject to losses that are either uninsurable, not economically insurable or that are in excess of its insurance coverage.
Kojamo's properties may be damaged by adverse weather conditions and natural disasters such as wind, floods and fires. In addition, Kojamo's properties may be subject to environmental liabilities as a result of deterioration, damage, encumbrance or other hazardous causes originating from the operation of the properties and Kojamo will be exposed to personal liability for accidents which may occur on Kojamo's properties. Even if all the properties owned by Kojamo are covered by full value insurance, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all damages or losses from these events, or it may not be economically prudent to purchase insurance for certain types of losses. As a result, Kojamo may be required to incur significant costs in the event of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters or events which result in environmental or personal liability. Kojamo may not carry or may discontinue certain types of insurance coverage on some or all of Kojamo's properties in the future
8

if the cost of premiums for any of these policies in Kojamo's judgment exceeds the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. If Kojamo experiences losses that are uninsured or exceed policy limits, Kojamo could incur significant uninsured costs or liabilities, lose the capital invested in the properties and/or lose the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, Kojamo's environmental or personal liability may result in losses substantially in excess of the value of the related property. The materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
The Issuer is effectively a holding company and its material assets are the shares held in its subsidiaries.
The Issuer is effectively a holding company. Its material assets are its shareholdings in its subsidiaries and material amounts of Kojamo's debt are the obligations of the Issuer's subsidiaries. Other than the receivables under intercompany loans and any other proceeds loans made in connection with other financing transactions, the Issuer largely depends on distribution of dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries. In meeting its payment obligations under the Notes, the Issuer is dependent on the profitability and cash flow of its subsidiaries. If the Issuer's subsidiaries do not pay any dividends or distributions, or do so irregularly, the Issuer's performance may be adversely affected.
Kojamo is subject to possible future changes in tax laws and regulations.
Tax laws and regulations or their interpretation and application practices may be subject to change. As Kojamo's tax burden is dependent on tax laws and regulation and their interpretation and application, any changes in Kojamo's taxation treatment could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo.
Kojamo may become involved in, or a subject of, legal or regulatory proceedings or claims relating to its operations. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of legal, regulatory and other adversarial proceedings or claims, and there can be no assurance as to the outcome of such proceedings or claims, whether existing or arising in the future. In the normal course of its business operations, Kojamo could be involved in legal proceedings relating, for example, to alleged breaches of contracts by Kojamo and employer's liabilities and be subject to tax and administrative audits. Any unfavourable judgment against Kojamo in relation to any legal or regulatory proceedings or claims or settlement could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo's business operations could involve unidentified or unexpected risks.
Although Kojamo complies with documented instructions and procedures in managing, monitoring and controlling risks, all risks may not be identified in these instructions and procedures, and risks may be significantly larger than predicted. A failure in identifying, monitoring and controlling these risks could have an adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Interests of Kojamo's shareholders may be inconsistent with those of the holders of the Notes.
The interests of Kojamo's shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with the interests of the holders of the Notes (the Noteholders), particularly if Kojamo encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. In addition, Kojamo's shareholders' interests may differ from the interests of the Noteholders, i.e., in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions might involve risks to the Noteholders. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
9

Risks relating to financing
Kojamo may not be able to receive financing at competitive terms or at all and its costs of financing may increase.
Kojamo may not receive financing at competitive terms (or at all) and may fail in repaying its existing debt. Uncertainty in the financial market or tightening regulation of banks could mean that the price of financing needed to carry out Kojamo's business, in particular the implementation of Kojamo's growth strategy, will increase and that such financing will be less readily available. The level of Kojamo's leverage may also affect its ability to refinance its existing debt which in turn could also affect the competitiveness of Kojamo and limit its ability to react to market conditions and economic downturns. Kojamo's target for its equity ratio is 40 per cent. calculated on the basis of the fair value of its properties. As at 31 March 2017, Kojamo's equity ratio was 40.6 per cent. Although Kojamo's management considers Kojamo's financial situation to be good and that Kojamo satisfies its target for equity ratio, Kojamo may yet have difficulties in securing new debt financing, refinancing existing debt and fulfilling its target for equity ratio in the future. The inability to refinance the existing debt or raise new debt at corresponding, or more favourable, terms could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Subject to certain restrictions in the Notes, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders, raise or issue any other new debt, whether secured or unsecured, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders. Such issuance of further debt may reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders upon winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer.
Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect Kojamo's business.
Interest rate fluctuations affect Kojamo's profit through changes in interest expenses and the market values of interest rate hedging. The most significant interest risk is associated with market-based loans. This risk is hedged with interest rate derivatives in accordance with the Issuer's treasury policy. According to its treasury policy, 50 to 100 per cent. of the market-based loans should be hedged. As at 31 March 2017, 79 per cent. of Kojamo's such market-based loans were fixed rate loans or floating rate loans hedged with interest rate derivatives. Despite the relatively high hedging level, the positions are not completely hedged. Further, fluctuations in interest rates may affect the rental apartment business and the valuation of properties. Although a significant increase in interest rates may considerably affect house owners' ability to pay interest on housing loans, it may also affect private consumption and decrease the value of properties. In addition, an increase in the interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the cost of financing and Kojamo's current financing expenses. Although Kojamo seeks to carefully monitor the development of interest rates and seeks to actively manage its interest rate risk, there can be no assurance that Kojamo will manage its interest rate risk properly. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Kojamo's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Kojamo's historical earnings and other historical financial data are not necessarily predictive of earnings or other key financial figures of Kojamo going forward.
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Prospectus and the financial statements of Kojamo included in this Prospectus relate to the past performance of Kojamo. The future development of Kojamo could deviate significantly from past results due to a large number of internal and external factors. The historical earnings, historical dividends and other historical financial data of Kojamo are, therefore, not necessarily predictive of earnings or other key financial figures for Kojamo going forward.
Risks relating to the Notes
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.
Each potential investor in the Notes must
(i) determine based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that investment in the Notes is consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is consistent with the investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the material risks inherent in
10

investing in or holding the Notes have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or referred to in the Prospectus;
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial markets; and
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Investors may forfeit interest and principal amount invested.
Should the Issuer become insolvent during the terms of the Notes, an investor may forfeit interest payable on, and the principal amount of, the Notes in whole or in part. An investor is always solely responsible for the economic consequences of his/her investment decision.
Investors are exposed to credit risk in respect of Kojamo.
Investors in the Notes are exposed to a credit risk in respect of the Issuer. The investor's possibility to receive interest payments and payments of principal under the Notes is thus dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its payment obligations, which in turn is to a large extent dependent on developments in Kojamo's business and Kojamo's financial performance. Should the Issuer become insolvent during the term of the Notes, investors may lose interest payable on, and the principal amount of, the Notes in whole or in part.
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated.
As is usual for property companies, Kojamo's operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries. Accordingly, Kojamo is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its payment obligations in respect of the Notes. The Notes are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, including trade creditors, of Kojamo's subsidiaries, and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all Kojamo's and its subsidiaries' secured creditors. The Notes are not guaranteed by any of Kojamo's subsidiaries or any other company or person. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of the Issuer's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application generally will have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to Kojamo. As at 31 December 2016, the book value of interestbearing debt of Kojamo was EUR 2,122.8 million of which EUR 1,646.2 million represents interest-bearing liabilities of the Issuer's subsidiaries which corresponds to 77.5 per cent. of Kojamo's total interest-bearing liabilities.
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of the Issuer's existing secured and future secured indebtedness.
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. The Trust Deed governing the Notes permits the Issuer and its subsidiaries to secure certain indebtedness and other obligations without rateably securing the Notes. Therefore the Notes are effectively subordinated to the Issuer's secured indebtedness and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, the holders of the Issuer's secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of the Noteholders to the extent of the value of the assets securing such other indebtedness.
As at 31 March 2017, the outstanding external interest-bearing indebtedness of the Issuer include EUR 300 million of secured notes, including EUR 100 million secured notes due 2020 issued on 29 May 2013 and EUR 200 million notes due 2023 issued on 17 October 2016 (together, the Secured Notes), and EUR 1,662.5 million
11

of other secured external interest-bearing indebtedness. The Secured Notes are secured by security pools comprising of freehold and leasehold properties owned by the Issuer's wholly-owned subsidiary Lumo Kodit Oy (the Security Provider) and shares in mutual real estate companies and housing companies owned by the Security Provider as well as all amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer's and the Security Provider's specified bank accounts and lease receivables of the Security Provider. For more information about the collateral granted by the Issuer and the Security Provider in respect of the Issuer's indebtedness, see section "Information about the Issuer ­ Financing and capital structure".
In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of the Issuer would be available to satisfy the obligations under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes. Other than as set out in Condition 3.1 (Negative Pledge) and Condition 3.2 (Financial Covenants), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not prohibit the Issuer from incurring and securing future indebtedness.
No guarantee or security.
The Notes will not be obligations of anyone other than the Issuer and they will not be guaranteed by any other person or entity. No one other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes.
The Notes are unsecured debt instruments and the Noteholders would be unsecured creditors in the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy or reorganisation proceedings. Accordingly, in addition to that any adverse change in the financial condition or prospects of the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes, and may result in a material decline in their market price, such adverse change may endanger the probability that the Noteholders will receive the prompt and full payment, when due, for principal, interest and/or any other amounts and items payable to the Noteholders pursuant to the Notes from time to time.
Since the Notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate, movements in market interest rates can adversely affect the value of the Notes.
The Notes bear interest on its outstanding principal amount at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a security with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the value of such security could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security or during a certain period of time, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. If the market interest rate increases, the value of such a security typically falls, until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the value of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases, until the yield of such a security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. Consequently, the Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the value of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell their Notes.
The market price of the Notes may be volatile.
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated variations in the Issuer's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which the Issuer operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of the Notes, as well as other factors. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard to the Issuer's results of operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased competition or the Issuer's operating results, the regulatory environment, general market conditions, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.
Laws and practices applicable to the Notes may change.
The Notes are issued under the laws of England in force on the issue date. Any new statutes, ordinances and regulations, amendments to the legislation or changes in application of the law (including any amendments to or changes in application of tax laws or regulations) after the issue date may affect the Notes and/or have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer operates in a heavily regulated environment and has to comply with
12

regulations in the Republic of Finland. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to laws or administrative practices of the Republic of Finland after the date of this Prospectus.
Denominations involve integral multiples; definitive notes.
The Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum of EUR 100,000 plus integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including EUR 199,000. It is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of EUR 100,000. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds principal amount which is less than EUR 100,000 in its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of EUR 100,000 such that its holding amounts to EUR 100,000 or a higher integral multiple of EUR 1,000. Further, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount which is less than EUR 100,000 in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to EUR 100,000.
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of EUR 100,000 may be illiquid and difficult to trade.
Kojamo may incur additional debt without the consent of the Noteholders.
The Issuer and its subsidiaries may be able to incur additional debt in the future. Although Condition 3.2 (Financial Covenants) and Condition 3.1 (Negative pledge) contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and debt incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial and secured. Under the Terms and Conditions, in addition to specified permitted refinancing indebtedness and secured indebtedness, the Group will be able to incur additional indebtedness so long as on a pro forma basis the applicable incurrence covenants are complied with. Incurring additional debt permitted under the Terms and Conditions may reduce the amount recoverable by the holders of Notes upon winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer.
Redemption prior to maturity.
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of the Notes as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 15 June 2017 (as more fully set out in Condition 6.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons)), the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
The Notes are also redeemable at the Issuer's option (as more fully set out in Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)), and the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at a time when the prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes.
In addition, the Notes are redeemable in certain other circumstances by the Noteholders, such as on the occurrence of a Change of Control Event (as more fully set out in Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event)). Exercise of such an applicable put option may affect the liquidity of such Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which the put option is exercised, any trading market of for the Notes in respect of which such put option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes.
The Issuer may not be able to finance a change of control offer.
The Trust Deed will require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Notes at 101 per cent. of their principal amount if the Issuer experiences certain specified change of control events. The Issuer's failure to effect a change of control offer when required would constitute an event of default under the Trust Deed. However, some important corporate events that might adversely affect the value of the Notes would not constitute "change of control" under the Trust Deed. In addition, the Issuer's ability to repurchase the Notes as may be required by the Trust Deed will depend on its access to funds at such time and it may not be able to secure access to enough cash
13

to finance the repurchase. For a complete description of the events that would constitute a "change of control", please see Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event).
Modification, Waivers and Substitution.
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such.
Investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
The Notes will be represented by the Global Note Certificate except in certain limited circumstances described in the Original Global Note Certificate. The Global Note Certificate will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Original Global Note Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive Individual Note Certificates. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Note Certificate. While the Notes are represented by the Global Note Certificate, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note Certificate must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Note Certificate.
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Note Certificate will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Note Certificate will not have a direct right under the Global Note Certificate to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the Notes, but will have to rely upon their rights under the Trust Deed.
Risks Related to the Market Generally
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop.
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and the Issuer cannot assure investors that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or be maintained. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. A lack of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls exist to the extent payments in respect of the Notes are made in a currency other than the currency in which an investor's activities are denominated.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in euros. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than in euros. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the euros or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to euros would decrease (1) the Investor's Currencyequivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes.
14

As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes, since the Notes have a fixed rate of interest and prevailing interest rates in the future may be higher than that fixed rate of interest. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. The Issuer's credit ratings are an assessment by the relevant rating agencies of its ability to pay its debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure and marketing of the Notes and additional factors discussed in this Prospectus or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspend or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
15

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements included in this Prospectus may constitute "forward-looking statements". Forward-looking statements are all statements in this Prospectus that do not relate to historical facts and events, and include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. The Issuer uses the words "will", "believes", "assumes", "intends", "estimates", "expects", "may", "will", "plans", "seeks", "approximately", "aims", "projects", "anticipates" or similar expressions to generally identify forward- looking statements. Forward-looking statements are set forth in a number of places in this Prospectus, including (without limitation) in the sections "Risk Factors" and "Information about the Issuer". The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. These views reflect the best judgment of the Issuer's management but involve uncertainties and are subject to certain risks, the occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in the forwardlooking statements contained in this Prospectus and from past results, performance or achievements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled "Risk Factors" in this Prospectus including the following: adverse general economic conditions; decreases in occupancy levels, increases in the tenant turnover and increases in the amount of unpaid rent receivables; costs arising from renovation of properties; finding residential properties suitable for Kojamo's property portfolio; regulatory and legal risks; subjectivity and inaccuracy of housing valuation; dependence on management and key personnel; dependency on the value of Kojamo's brands; competitiveness of rental housing business; ability to secure financing at competitive terms; and exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. Although the Issuer believes that the estimates and the projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise or occur, including those which the Issuer has identified in this Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or incorrect, the Issuer's actual results of operations may vary from those expected, estimated or projected. These forward-looking statements are made only as at the date of this Prospectus. Except to the extent required by law, the Issuer is not obliged to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this Prospectus whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer, or persons acting on the Issuer's behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this Prospectus. As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, a prospective purchaser of the Notes should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
16

CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES

The following is the text of the Conditions of the Notes which (subject to modification) will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form (if issued):

The 500,000,000 1.500 per cent. Notes due 2024 (the Notes, which expression shall in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, include any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 16 and forming a single series with the Notes) of Kojamo plc (the Issuer) are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 19 June 2017 (the Trust Deed) made between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include its successor(s)) as trustee for the holders of the Notes (the Noteholders) and the holders of the interest coupons appertaining to the Notes (the Couponholders and the Coupons respectively).

The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of and definitions in the Trust Deed. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement dated 19 June 2017 (the Agency Agreement) made between the Issuer and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent and, together with any other paying agent appointed from time to time under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents) and the Trustee are available for inspection during normal business hours by the Noteholders and the Couponholders at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee, being at the date of issue of the Notes at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement applicable to them.

1.

FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE

1.1 Form and Denomination

The Notes are in bearer form, serially numbered, in the denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 199,000, each with Coupons attached on issue. Notes of one denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of any other denomination.

1.2 Title

Title to the Notes and to the Coupons will pass by delivery.

1.3 Holder Absolute Owner

The Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not the Note or Coupon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing on the Note or Coupon or any notice of previous loss or theft of the Note or Coupon or of any trust or interest therein) and shall not be required to obtain any proof thereof or as to the identity of such bearer.

2.

STATUS OF THE NOTES

The Notes and the Coupons are direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3.1) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as provided above) rank and will rank pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights.

3.

COVENANTS

3.1 Negative Pledge

So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed):

17

the Issuer will not, and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries, other than a Permitted Security Interest, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that:

(i)

all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are

secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness

to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or

(ii) such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.

3.2 Financial Covenants

So long as any Note remains outstanding:

(a) the Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly any Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 3.2(a) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of the occurrence and after giving pro forma effect (including pro forma application of the proceeds), (i) the Solvency Ratio would exceed 0.65, or (ii) the Secured Solvency Ratio would exceed 0.45; and

(b) the Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.8:1 on any Measurement Date.

The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event that any of the undertakings in this Condition 3.2 is breached at any time.

For so long as the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will deliver a certificate to the Trustee on each Reporting Date signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer, certifying that the Issuer is and has been in compliance with the undertakings set out in this Condition 3.2 at all times since the last such certificate was delivered to the Trustee or, if none, since 19 June 2017.

A certificate by any two authorised signatories as to any of the amounts referred to in this Condition 3.2, or any of the terms defined for the purposes of this Condition 3.2, shall be conclusive and binding on all parties.

3.3 Interpretation

For the purposes of these Conditions:

(a) Additional Collateral means any additional collateral provided by the Issuer in order to meet its obligation to maintain the minimum collateralisation level under the Secured Notes and includes any replacement of such Additional Collateral in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Secured Notes;

(b) Consolidated Total Assets means the total assets of the Group as shown in the most recent audited annual or unaudited quarterly, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Issuer;

18

(c) Coverage Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, the ratio of (i) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (ii) the aggregate amount of Net Interest Charges;

(d) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, in respect of any Measurement Date, the number set out under the heading "Operating Profit" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, deducted by items (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) below:

(i)

the number set out under the heading "Fair value change of investment properties" (or

any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer;

(ii) the number set out under the heading "Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer;

(iii) the number set out under the heading "Profit/loss on sales of investment properties" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; and

(iv) the number set out under the heading "Profit/loss on sales of trading properties" (or any equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer.

(e) Consolidated Total Indebtedness means the total Indebtedness (on a consolidated basis) of the Group as determined by reference to the most recent audited annual or unaudited quarterly, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Issuer;

(f)

Group means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries;

(g) IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time) as adopted by the European Union;

(h) Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without duplication) any debt of such Person, including:

(i)

all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money in whatever form;

(ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments;

(iii) all obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit or other similar instruments (including reimbursement obligations with respect thereto, except to the extent any such reimbursement obligations relate to trade payables or other liabilities to trade creditors);

(iv) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property, assets or services which purchase price is due more than 90 days after the earlier of the date of placing such property in service or taking delivery and title thereof or the completion of such services excluding:

(A) any trade payables or other liability to trade creditors; and

(B) any post-closing payment adjustments in connection with the purchase by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of any business to which the seller may become entitled, to the extent such payment is determined by a final closing balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of such business after the closing and provided that (x) the amount of any such payment is not

19

determinable at the time of closing and, (y) to the extent such payment thereafter becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid within 90 days thereafter;

(v) all capitalised lease obligations of such Person, to the extent treated as indebtedness in the financial statements of such Person under IFRS;

(vi) all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (i) to (v) of other Persons guaranteed by such Person to the extent such obligation is guaranteed by such Person; and

(vii) all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vi) of other Persons secured by any Security Interest over any asset of such Person (the amount of such obligation being deemed to be the lesser of (A) the book value of such asset as shown in the most recent audited annual or unaudited quarterly financial statements of such Person and (B) the amount of the obligation so secured), whether or not such indebtedness is assumed by such Person.

For the purpose of determining the euro-equivalent of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, the euro-equivalent principal amount of such Indebtedness pursuant thereto shall be calculated based on the relevant official central bank currency exchange rate in effect on the date of determination thereof.

The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be the outstanding balance at such date of all unconditional obligations as described above provided that (i) with respect to contingent obligations as described above, will be the value of the contingency, if any, giving rise to the obligation as reported in that Person's financial statements and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness sold at a discount, the amount of such Indebtedness at any time will be the accreted value thereof at such time.

For the avoidance of doubt, neither (A) completion guarantees, performance bonds or similar commitments provided to cities, municipalities or financial institutions in connection with the Issuer's or its Subsidiaries' ordinary course property construction, development or maintenance activities, nor (B) any indebtedness in respect of any non-speculative derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against fluctuations in any rate or price shall be deemed to be Indebtedness for the purpose of these Conditions;

(i)

Net Interest Charges means the number set out under the heading "Total amount of financial

income and expenses" (or any equivalent line item or net amount of the separate line items

"Financial income" and "Financial expenses" or any equivalent line items) in the consolidated

financial statements of the Issuer deducted by the sum of (i) the number set out under the

heading "Change in fair value recognised at fair value through profit and loss (financial

income)" (or any equivalent line item) and (ii) the number set out under the heading "Change

in fair value recognised at fair value through profit and loss (financial expenses)" (or any

equivalent line item), (i) and (ii) each in Note 8 (Financial income and expenses) (or any

equivalent Note) to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer;

(j)

Measurement Date means each day which is (i) the last day of the Issuer's financial year in

any year in respect of which audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer

have been produced (the Annual Measurement Date) or (ii) the last day of each of the first

three quarters of the Issuer's financial year in any year in respect of which unaudited quarterly

consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been produced (the Quarterly

Measurement Date);

(k) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew,

20

refund, refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Indebtedness); provided that:

(i)

the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing

Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable)

of the Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged

(plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses,

including premiums, incurred in connection therewith);

(ii) such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, either (i) no earlier than the final maturity date of the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity date of the Notes;

(iii) if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced or discharged is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and

(iv) if the Issuer was the obligor on the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Indebtedness is incurred by the Issuer;

(l)

Permitted Security Interest means the Security Interest existing as at 15 June 2017 in respect

of (i) the EUR 200,000,000 1.625 per cent. senior secured notes due 2023 (the 2023 Secured

Notes) issued by the Issuer (ISIN FI4000223532) and (ii) the EUR 100,000,000 3.25 per cent.

senior secured notes due 2020 (the 2020 Secured Notes, together with the 2023 Secured

Notes, the Secured Notes) issued by the Issuer (ISIN FI400006288) provided that (A) the

principal amount of the Secured Notes outstanding as at 15 June 2017 is not increased; and (B)

neither of the Secured Notes are secured by any additional property or assets on or after 15

June 2017 other than any Additional Collateral;

(m) Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;

(n) Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness;

(o) Reporting Date means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of the Issuer's audited annual consolidated financial statements, with respect to an Annual Measurement Date, or (ii) the publication of the Issuer's unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements, with respect to a Quarterly Measurement Date;

(p) Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness means such amount of Consolidated Total Indebtedness that is secured by a Security Interest granted by the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer;

(q) Secured Solvency Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, (i) the Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets;

(r)

Solvency Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, (i) the Consolidated Total

Indebtedness (less cash and cash equivalents (as set out in the most recent audited annual or

unaudited quarterly, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Issuer))

divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets; and

21

(s) Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer, any company (i) in which the Issuer holds a majority of the voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer is a member and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer is a member and controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Issuer.

4.

INTEREST

4.1 Interest Rate and Interest Payment Dates

The Notes bear interest from and including 19 June 2017 (the Interest Commencement Date) at the rate of 1.500 per cent. per annum (the Rate of Interest), payable annually in arrear on 19 June in each year (each an Interest Payment Date) and calculated from and including the Interest Commencement Date or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, to but excluding the next following Interest Payment Date. The first payment (representing a full year's interest) shall be made on 19 June 2018 and shall amount to 15.00 per 1,000 in principal amount of Notes.

4.2 Interest Accrual

Each Note will cease to bear interest from and including its due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the principal in respect of the Note is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment, in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in the Trust Deed.

4.3 Calculation of Broken Interest

When interest is required to be calculated in respect of a period of less than a full year, it shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 1,000 principal amount of Notes and on the basis of (a) the actual number of days in the period from and including the date from which interest begins to accrue (the Accrual Date) to but excluding the date on which it falls due divided by (b) the actual number of days from and including the Accrual Date to but excluding the next following Interest Payment Date. The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest euro cent, half a euro cent being rounded upwards.

5.

PAYMENTS

5.1 Payments in respect of Notes

Payments of principal and interest in respect of each Note will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the Note, except that payments of interest due on an Interest Payment Date will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Coupon, in each case at the specified office outside the United States of any of the Paying Agents.

5.2 Method of Payment

Payments will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by euro cheque.

5.3 Missing Unmatured Coupons

Each Note should be presented for payment together with all relative unmatured Coupons, failing which the full amount of any relative missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the full amount of the missing unmatured Coupon which the amount so paid bears to the total amount due) will be deducted from the amount due for payment. Each amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10

22

years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of the relevant Note (whether or not the Coupon would otherwise have become void pursuant to Condition 8) or, if later, five years after the date on which the Coupon would have become due, but not thereafter.
5.4 Payments subject to Applicable Laws
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes are subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7.
5.5 Payment only on a Presentation Date
A holder shall be entitled to present a Note or Coupon for payment only on a Presentation Date and shall not, except as provided in Condition 4, be entitled to any further interest or other payment if a Presentation Date is after the due date.
Presentation Date means a day which (subject to Condition 8):
(a) is or falls after the relevant due date;
(b) is a Business Day in the place of the specified office of the Paying Agent at which the Note or Coupon is presented for payment; and
(c) in the case of payment by credit or transfer to a euro account as referred to above, is a TARGET2 Settlement Day.
In this Condition, Business Day means, in relation to any place, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that place and TARGET2 Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open.
5.6 Initial Paying Agents
The name of the initial Principal Paying Agent and its initial specified office is set out at the end of these Conditions. The Issuer reserves the right, subject to the prior written approval of the Trustee, at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents provided that:
(a) there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent;
(b) so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing or trading by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) having its specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or such other relevant authority; and
(c) there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes in specified offices will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12.
23

6.

REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE

6.1 Redemption at Maturity

Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Issuer will redeem the Notes at their principal amount on 19 June 2024 (the Maturity Date).

6.2 Redemption for Taxation Reasons

If the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of the notice referred to below that:

(a) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7), or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after 15 June 2017, on the next Interest Payment Date the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7; and

(b) the requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,

the Issuer may at its option, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all the Notes, but not some only, at any time at their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be required to pay such additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of the change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

6.3 Redemption at the Option of the Issuer

The Issuer may, having given:

(a) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12; and

(b) notice to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a),

(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all of the Notes, but not some only, at any time at the Relevant Early Redemption Amount.

In this Condition, Relevant Early Redemption Amount means:

(i)

in relation to any date fixed for redemption which falls in the period up to and

including the date falling three months prior to the Maturity Date, such amount as is

equal to the greater of the amounts in subparagraph (A) and (B) below together with

interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption:

(A) the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; and

24

(B) an amount (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Determination Agent) which is equal to the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes at the date fixed for redemption and the Remaining Term Interest (exclusive of interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption) discounted to the date fixed for redemption on an annual basis at the Reference Bond Rate plus 0.30 per cent.
In this Condition:
Calculation Date means the date which is the second TARGET2 Settlement Day prior to the date fixed for redemption;
Determination Agent means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing selected by the Issuer and notified in writing to the Trustee;
Reference Bond means the DBR 1.500% due 15 May 2024 ISIN DE0001102358 (or, where the Determination Agent advises the Issuer and the Trustee that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, such government bond is not appropriate for such purpose, such other government bond as the Determination Agent may reasonably recommend);
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date fixed for redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date fixed for redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date fixed for redemption, the rate per annum equal to the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity on an Actual/Actual (ICMA) basis of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date fixed for redemption;
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Calculation Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at 3:30 pm (Frankfurt time) on the Calculation Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and
Remaining Term Interest means the aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) of interest on the Notes for the remaining term of the Notes determined on the basis of the Rate of Interest from and including the date fixed for redemption, and
(ii) in relation to any date fixed for redemption which falls in the period from but excluding the date falling three months prior to the Maturity Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, such amount as is equal to the principal amount outstanding of the Notes together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption.
25

6.4 Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event
If a Change of Control Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder shall have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Notice (as defined below), the Issuer shall have given notice under Condition 6.2 or Condition 6.3 (if applicable)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Noteholder's Notes at 101 per cent. of their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Settlement Date (as defined below). Such option (the Change of Control Put Option) shall operate as set out below.
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs then, within 5 days of the Issuer becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall, and upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer having failed to do so) the Trustee may, and, if so requested by the holders of at least onequarter in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall, (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a Change of Control Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option.
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of the Notes must deliver at the specified office of any Paying Agent on any Business Day (as defined in Condition 5.5) at the place of such specified office falling within the period of 30 days after the Change of Control Notice is given by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable, (the Change of Control Put Period), a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current and which may, if this Note is held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), be any form acceptable to and delivered in a manner acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Change of Control Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6.4 accompanied by such Notes or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that such Notes will, following the delivery of the Change of Control Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control. A Change of Control Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 to withdraw the Change of Control Exercise Notice.
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Exercise Notice which has been delivered to a Paying Agent prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, as the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on the date which is the seventh Change of Control Business Day immediately following the last day of the Change of Control Put Period (the Change of Control Settlement Date). In this Condition, Change of Control Business Day means a day which is both a Business Day in London and a TARGET2 Settlement Day (each as defined in Condition 5.5).
If 90 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.4, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) given within 30 days after the Change of Control Settlement Date, redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the remaining Notes at 101 per cent. of their principal amount plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. Such notice to the Noteholders must specify the date fixed for redemption, the redemption price and the manner in which redemption will be effected.
The Trustee shall not be required to take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or any event which could lead to the occurrence of a Change of Control has occurred and will not be responsible or liable to Noteholders or Couponholders for any loss arising from any failure by it to do so. If the rating designations employed by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch), Moody's Investors Service Limited (Moody's) or Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited (S&P) are changed from those which are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" below, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating
26

designations of Fitch, Moody's or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Fitch, Moody's or S&P and this Condition 6.4 shall be construed accordingly.

A Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if:

(i)

a person or persons, acting together, acquire (i) the beneficial ownership (directly or

indirectly) of more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights represented by Shares of

the Issuer, or (ii) have the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of

the board of directors of the Issuer (each such event being, a Change of Control);

and

(ii) on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any):

(A) the Issuer has been assigned an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3, or its equivalent, or better) (an Investment Grade Rating) from one or more Rating Agencies and, within the Change of Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its rating of the Issuer to a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1, or its equivalent, or worse) or withdraws its rating of the Issuer and such rating is not within the Change of Control Period restored to an Investment Grade Rating by one or more such Rating Agencies or replaced by an Investment Grade Rating of another Rating Agency; or

(B) the Issuer is not assigned an Investment Grade Rating from at least one Rating Agency and the Issuer is not able to acquire and maintain thereafter an Investment Grade Rating during the Change of Control Period from at least one Rating Agency; and

(iii) in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraph (ii) above or to decline to confer an Investment Grade Rating, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement.

Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and ending 180 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Issuer is under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 180 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 180 days after the public announcement of such consideration);

Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P, Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other internationally recognised rating agency (a Substitute Rating Agency) ; and

Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs.

6.5 Purchases

The Issuer or its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons appertaining to the Notes are purchased with the Notes) in any manner and at any price.

27

6.6 Cancellations

All Notes which are (a) redeemed or (b) purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries will forthwith be cancelled, together with all relative unmatured Coupons attached to the Notes or surrendered with the Notes, and accordingly may not be held, reissued or resold.

6.7 Notices Final

Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred to in Condition 6.2, Condition 6.3 or Condition 6.4 above the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes to which the notice refers in accordance with the terms of such paragraph (in the case of paragraph 6.4, save as otherwise provided therein).

7.

TAXATION

7.1 Payment without Withholding

All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any of the Relevant Jurisdictions, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders and Couponholders after the withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon:

(a) presented for payment by or on behalf of, a holder who is liable to the Taxes in respect of the Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or

(b) presented for payment in the Republic of Finland; or

(c) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that a holder would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days assuming, whether or not such is in fact the case, that day to have been a Presentation Date (as defined in Condition 5).

7.2 Interpretation

In these Conditions:

(a) Relevant Date means the date on which the payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or before the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of the money having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12; and

(b) Relevant Jurisdiction means the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons.

28

7.3 Additional Amounts

Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition or under any undertakings given in addition to, or in substitution for, this Condition pursuant to the Trust Deed.

8.

PRESCRIPTION

Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within periods of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, the Coupons, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.

9.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

9.1 Events of Default

The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), (but, in the case of the happening of any of the events described in subparagraphs (b) to (d) (other than the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer), and (f) to (h) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their principal amount, together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed, in any of the following events (Events of Default):

(a) if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal or 14 days in the case of interest; or

(b) if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where the Trustee considers the failure to be incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or

(c) if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries becomes capable of being declared due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment; (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person; provided that no event described in this subparagraph 9.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least 20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or

(d) if any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or

(e) if the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole

29

or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or

(f)

if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries under any

applicable liquidation (selvitystila), bankruptcy (konkurssi), composition, reorganisation

(yrityssaneeraus) or other similar laws or an application is made (or documents filed with a

court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or

other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other

similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as

the case may be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any of them

or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of

any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied,

enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any part of the undertaking or

assets of any of them, and (ii) in any such case (other than the appointment of an administrator

or an administrative receiver appointed following presentation of a petition for an

administration order) unless initiated by the relevant company, is not discharged within 14

days; or

(g) if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (or its directors or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or

(h) if any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or may have, in the Trustee's opinion an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in subparagraphs (d) to (g) above.

9.2 Interpretation

For the purposes of this Condition:

(a) a Material Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer:

(i)

whose total assets or total revenues (where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated

accounts, whose total consolidated assets or total consolidated revenues) attributable to the

Issuer represent not less than 5 per cent. of the total consolidated assets or total consolidated

revenues of the Issuer, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or

consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited

consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries; or

(ii) to which is transferred all of substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary; all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed; and

(b) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities.

30

10. ENFORCEMENT
10.1 Enforcement by the Trustee
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or other steps or action (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) against or in relation to the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons or otherwise, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or other steps or action unless (a) it has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
10.2 Limitation on Trustee actions
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon such legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not have such power.
10.3 Enforcement by the Noteholders
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to (i) take any steps or action against the Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons or (ii) take any other proceedings (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) in respect of or concerning the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to take any such action, steps or proceedings, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing.
11. REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS
Should any Note or Coupon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with the replacement and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
12. NOTICES
12.1 Notices to the Noteholders
All notices to the Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London or such other English language daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe. It is expected that publication will normally be made in the Financial Times. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee may approve. Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders in accordance with this paragraph.
31

12.2 Notices from the Noteholders
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent or, if the Notes are held in a clearing system, may be given through the clearing system in accordance with its standard rules and procedures. Notices delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be deemed given on the date when delivered.
13. SUBSTITUTION
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of any company being a Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to:
(a) the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer;
(b) the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; and
(c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with.
14. MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION
14.1 Meetings of Noteholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification or abrogation by Extraordinary Resolution of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons present whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented by him or them, except that, at any meeting the business of which includes any matter defined in the Trust Deed as a Basic Terms Modification, including the modification or abrogation of certain of the provisions of these Conditions and certain of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing not less than twothirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than threefourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders.
14.2 Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such (provided that, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to
32

any modification which, in its opinion, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven.
14.3 Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 7 pursuant to the Trust Deed.
14.4 Notification to the Noteholders
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any modification or substitution shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 12.
15. INDEMNIFICATION AND PROTECTION OF THE TRUSTEE AND ITS CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER
15.1 Indemnification and protection of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility and liability towards the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, including (i) provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions limiting or excluding its liability in certain circumstances. The Trust Deed provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any security or pre-funding is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security given to it by the Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and be supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the validity and effectiveness of the security.
15.2 Trustee Contracting with the Issuer
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or relating to the Issuer, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders, and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.
16. FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer is at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders to create and issue further notes or bonds (whether in bearer or registered form) either (a) ranking pari
33

passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first payment of interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes or (b) upon such terms as to ranking, interest, conversion, redemption and otherwise as the Issuer may determine at the time of the issue. Any further notes which are to form a single series with the Notes shall be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. Any further notes or bonds under subparagraph (b) shall be constituted by a separate trust deed.
17. GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
17.1 Governing Law
The Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law.
17.2 Submission to Jurisdiction
(a) Subject to Condition 17.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons), including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons (a Dispute) and each of the Issuer, the Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
(b) For the purposes of this Condition, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.
(c) To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
17.3 Appointment of Process Agent
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of such agent being unable or willing for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing in this Condition shall affect the right to service process in any other manner permitted by law.
17.4 Other Documents
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent in England for service of process, in terms substantially similar to those set out above.
18. RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act.
34

SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE REPRESENTED BY THE GLOBAL NOTES

The following is a summary of the provisions to be contained in the Trust Deed to constitute the Notes and in the Global Notes which will apply to, and in some cases modify, the Conditions of the Notes while the Notes are represented by the Global Notes.

1.

Exchange

The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in part (free of charge to the holder) for definitive Notes only:

(a) upon the happening of any of the events defined in the Trust Deed as "Events of Default";

(b) if either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so and no alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available; or

(c) if the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer is given to the Trustee.

Thereupon (in the case of (a) and (b) above) the holder of the Permanent Global Note (acting on the instructions of one or more of the Accountholders (as defined below)) or the Trustee may give notice to the Issuer and (in the case of (c) above) the Issuer may give notice to the Trustee and the Noteholders, of its intention to exchange the Permanent Global Note for definitive Notes on or after the Exchange Date (as defined below).

On or after the Exchange Date the holder of the Permanent Global Note may or, in the case of (c) above, shall surrender the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent. In exchange for the Permanent Global Note the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount of definitive Notes (having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest which has not already been paid on the Permanent Global Note), security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements and in or substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed. On exchange of the Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will procure that it is cancelled and, if the holder so requests, returned to the holder together with any relevant definitive Notes.

For these purposes, Exchange Date means a day specified in the notice requiring exchange falling not less than 60 days after that on which such notice is given and being a day on which banks are open for general business in the place in which the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent is located and, except in the case of exchange pursuant to (b) above, in the place in which the relevant clearing system is located.

2.

Payments

On and after 31 July 2017, no payment will be made on the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for an interest in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will, subject as set out below, be made to the bearer of such Global Note and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, against surrender of such Global Note to the order of the Principal Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purposes. The Issuer shall procure that the amount so paid shall be entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and represented by such Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall not affect such discharge.

35

Payments of interest on the Temporary Global Note (if permitted by the first sentence of this paragraph) will be made only upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership unless such certification has already been made.

3.

Notices

For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for communication to the relative Accountholders rather than by publication as required by Condition 12.1, provided that, so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing or trading by any other relevant authority and such stock exchange or relevant authority so requires, the Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any such stock exchange or other relevant authority. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders the day on which such notice is delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) as aforesaid.

4.

Accountholders

For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (each an Accountholder) (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes) shall be treated as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all purposes (including but not limited to, for the purposes of any quorum requirements of, or the right to demand a poll at, meetings of the Noteholders) other than with respect to the payment of principal and interest on such principal amount of such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer and the Trustee, solely in the bearer of the relevant Global Note in accordance with and subject to its terms and the terms of the Trust Deed. Each Accountholder must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its share of each payment made to the bearer of the relevant Global Note.

5.

Prescription

Claims against the Issuer in respect of principal and interest on the Notes represented by a Global Note will be prescribed after 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7).

6.

Cancellation

Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note and required by the Conditions of the Notes to be cancelled following its redemption or purchase will be effected by the reduction in the issue outstanding amount of the relevant Global Note in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

7.

Change of Control Put Option

For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the option of the Noteholders provided for in Condition 6.4 may be exercised by an Accountholder giving notice to the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instructions by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common safekeeper for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) of the principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised and at the same time

36

presenting or procuring the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly within the time limits set forth in that Condition.

8.

Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg

Notes represented by a Global Note are transferrable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate.

9.

Eurosystem Eligibility

The Global Notes will be issued in New Global Note (NGN) form. This means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each acting in its capacity as International Central Securities Depositary) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

37

USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, after deduction of the expenses incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes, will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes, including debt refinancing. Some of the proceeds will be used to repay one or more secured loan facilities. Certain Joint Bookrunners and/or their affiliates may be creditors under such facilities and may be repaid in whole or in part from the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes.
38

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
In this Prospectus, the Issuer uses in the analysis of its business, financial position and results of operations the following metrics which it considers to constitute Alternative Performance Measures as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines (the ESMA Guidelines).
Investors should review such APMs in conjunction with the Issuer consolidated financial statements appended to this Prospectus and note the matters referred to below with respect to the reliability, comprehensibility and comparability of such APMs.

Metric Adjusted EBITDA

Definition
Financial measure to express operating profitability

Reconciliations1
Operating Profit - Fair value change of investment properties - Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses - Profit/loss on sales of investment properties - Profit/loss on sales of trading properties

Rationale for inclusion Measure of operating profitability expressing the Issuer's profitability primarily as a provider of housing services

EBITDA margin, %

Financial measure to express operating profitability as a percentage of the Issuer's total revenues for the period.

Adjusted EBITDA Total Revenue

x 100

Measure of Issuer's operating profitability margin

Return on equity, %

Financial measure to express return on shareholders' equity.

Profit for the period Total equity (average during the period)

x 100

Measure of Issuer's profitability in relation to shareholders' equity

Return on investment, %

Financial measure to express return on investment.

Profit before taxes + interests and other financial expenses
Balance sheet total ­ Non-interestbearing liabilities (average during the
period)

x 100

Measure of Issuer's profitability to total investments

Loan to value, %

Financial measure of leverage against the properties

Interest-bearing liabilities - Cash
Investment properties + Property, plant and equipment

x 100

Measure of indebtedness against the properties

Equity ratio, %

A measure to express shareholders' equity as a percentage of total assets

Total equity
Balance sheet total ­ Advances received

x 100

Measure of Issuer's financial leverage

39

Equity ratio of the Lumo segment, %

Financial measure to express Lumo segment's equity as a percentage of the total assets of the Lumo segment

Total equity of Lumo segment
Balance sheet total of Lumo segment Advances received in Lumo segment

x 100

Measure of Issuer's Lumo segment's financial leverage

Operative result of the Lumo segment, % of the Lumo segment revenue

Financial measure to express operational performance of the Lumo segment

Result for the period of the Lumo segment - gains/losses on sales of properties - fair value change in investment properties - fair value change of derivatives recognised at fair value through profit and loss - taxes on
the adjustments, in each case, attributable to the Lumo segment
Lumo segment revenue

x 100

Measure of operating profitability expressing the Issuer's Lumo segment's profitability primarily as a provider of housing and housing services

Hedging ratio, %

Financial measure to calculate portion of loans converted to fixed rate

Nominal amount of interest rate derivatives + fixed rate loans
Total amount of market-based loans + bonds + commercial papers

x 100

Financial measure to calculate interest rate risk

Earnings per share, EUR

Financial measure to allocate profit to individual share

Earnings attributable to equity holders Number of shares at the end of the financial period

Measure of Issuer's profit per share

Shareholders' equity per share, EUR

Financial measure to allocate shareholders' equity to individual share

Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
Number of shares at the end of the financial period

Measure of Issuer's profit per share

Secured solvency ratio

Financial measure to calculate secured indebtedness against total assets

Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness Consolidated Total Assets

Measure of solvency based on secured debt

Unencumbered asset ratio, %

Financial measure to calculate unsecured assets against total assets

Unencumbered assets Consolidated total assets

x 100

Measure of unsecured assets

Net Interest Charges

Financial measure to calculate net amount of financial expenses

Total amount of financial income and expenses Change in fair value recognised at fair value through profit and loss (financial income and expenses)

Measure of net financial expenses

Net rental income yield, %

Financial measure to calculate rental income as a percentage of total revenue

Net rental income
Investment properties (average during the period)

x 100

Financial measure to calculate rental income yield

40

Coverage Ratio

Financial measure to calculate debt service capacity

Aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
Aggregate amount of Net Interest Charges

Measure

of

ability to cover

interest payments

from operating

profitability

Solvency Ratio

Financial measure to

calculate

total

indebtedness against

total assets

Consolidated Total Indebtedness - cash and cash equivalents
Consolidated Total Assets

Measure

of

solvency based

on total debt

1 Reconciliations are made to the Issuer's financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and the notes thereto as at, and for the period ending on, the date as at which the relevant APM is provided.

The Issuer presents APMs because it believes that these and similar measures are used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interest parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The APMs may differ from company to company and therefore may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. The APMs may also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Issuer's operating result as reported under IFRS.

The Issuer relies primarily on its IFRS operating results and uses the APMs only supplementally. See the IFRS Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Prospectus. The APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are not measurements of the Issuer's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to revenues, operating profit, net income/(loss) for the period, net cash from operating activities or any other measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity. In particular, EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to the Issuer to invest in the growth of its business.

41

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
General
The business name of the Issuer is Kojamo plc (formerly known as VVO Group plc, until 30 March 2017) and it is domiciled in Helsinki, Finland. Kojamo is a public limited liability company organised under the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended) and registered under business identity code 0116336-2. Its registered address is Mannerheimintie 168, FI-00300 Helsinki, Finland, and its telephone number is +358 20 508 3300. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has a total of 7,402,560 shares and its share capital is EUR 58,025,136. The shares of the Issuer have no par value and are divided into two series; A-shares and B-shares. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has issued 7,402,560 A-shares and zero B-shares. Upon formation, the Issuer prepared its financial statements under the Finnish Accounting Standards. Since 2015, the Issuer has prepared its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union.
According to the articles of association of the Issuer, the scope of Kojamo's activities comprises providing housing services and other related activities. Among other things, Kojamo may, directly or through its subsidiaries, own, administrate and develop real property, own shares and units in property, own housing companies and engage in rental business and trading in securities. For further information on Kojamo's operations, see "Business overview" below.
Operational history
Kojamo Group was established as a co-operative and registered in the Finnish Trade Register on 9 May 1969 to alleviate the shortage of housing for working people in Finland who were migrating to the cities, and to provide safe rental housing. Today, Kojamo Group's focus remains on providing safe and affordable rental housing and innovative flexible digital housing services in the Finnish market.
In 1970, the first three apartment buildings in Malminiitty, Vantaa were completed. By the end of the 1970s, Kojamo operated in 28 municipalities and the number of rental apartments exceeded 5,000. Further, by the end of the 1980s, Kojamo had increased its portfolio of rental apartments to almost 9,700 rental apartments in 30 municipalities.
During the 1990s, Kojamo's housing stock grew from 10,000 to more than 35,000 apartments in 60 municipalities. Kojamo was transformed from a co-operative into a limited liability company in 1997. The first VVO Home Centers (currently Lumo-Kotikeskus centres) were launched in 1995. These centres focus on serving Kojamo's customers in all matters relating to renting an apartment and housing management. In addition to development described above, Kojamo also started constructing and offering owner-occupied apartments for the first time during the 1990s.
During the 2000s, Kojamo achieved a position as one of the Finland's largest nation-wide owners of residential properties with nearly 40,000 rental apartments.3 In 2009 Kojamo sold the business related to the construction of owner-occupied apartments to focus solely on the rental housing market.
In September 2014, Kojamo Group launched a new brand which was built around the market-based rent mechanism: Lumo, "rental housing at its best", which aims to facilitate renting of an apartment by offering a range of auxiliary services to the renting and housing process. These include moving and installation services, car share and broadband services included in the rent and the Lumo kotinyt.fi service under the Lumo brand, which gives prospective tenants the freedom to choose their home independently by themselves and rent an available apartment immediately through Lumo online store without the traditional rental apartment application process.
In 30 November 2015, Kojamo announced that it would focus on market-based operations in the future, and announced the transfer of 8,571 state-subsidised ARA rental apartments to Kiinteistö Oy M2-Kodit. In July 2016, Lumo Kodit Oy acquired ICECAPITAL Housing Fund II which owned 2,274 market-based rental apartments, primarily located in Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Tampere. Further, as a part of Kojamo's strategy it will focus on seven growth areas in Finland. This strategic focus has resulted in a decreasing number of municipalities where Kojamo is present.
3 Source: KTI Property Information Ltd: The Finnish property market 2017.
42

During 2016, Kojamo underwent a strategic transformation including revision of the Group's strategic policies identifying changes in Kojamo's operating environment. As a part on this strategic transformation, the 2017 annual general meeting of Kojamo decided to change the business name of VVO Group plc to Kojamo plc in March 2017. For more information on the new strategy transformation, see section "Mission, vision and strategy" below. Organisational structure As at 1 April 2017, Kojamo Group consists of Kojamo plc, the parent company and 279 subsidiaries. 262 subsidiaries are wholly-owned and 17 subsidiaries are majority owned. Additionally, there are 32 associated companies, of which Kojamo directly or indirectly owns between 20 and 50 per cent.4 All of the Issuer's subsidiaries are incorporated in Finland. The following chart sets out a simplified legal structure of Kojamo Group5:
4 The number of associated companies in the chart below does not correlate with the actual amount of associated companies because four of
the associated companies are considered as subsidiaries in Kojamo Group as a result of the Group's cross and joint ownerships.
5 In the organisational chart the subsidiaries of Kojamo plc marked in dark blue belong to the Lumo Segment and subsidiaries marked in
light blue belong to the VVO segment. For more information on Kojamo Group's operational segments, see section "Business Overview".
43

Kojamo is a holding company and its material assets are its shareholdings in its subsidiaries. Other than the receivables under intercompany loans and any other proceeds from loans made in connection with other financing transactions, Kojamo largely depends on distribution of dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries, which generate operating cash flow from rental apartments and housing services.

Mission, vision and strategy

Kojamo offers rental apartments and housing services in Finnish growth centres, where as a result of urbanisation, a growing number of apartment buildings are being built and most jobs are created (the Growth Centres). Kojamo aims to respond to demand for rental housing, particularly in the Helsinki region, making it easier for people to move around in pursuit of employment in urbanising Finland. The vision of Kojamo is to be a frontrunner in the rental housing business and establish its position as the customer's number-one choice when choosing rental apartments. Kojamo's mission is to create attractive urban housing through modern rental apartment portfolio and digital service offering aiming to respond to changing customer demand. Kojamo's operations are guided by the following values: happy to serve, strive for success and courage to change.

Kojamo Group underwent a strategic transformation during 2016 and revised its strategic policies and identified changes in its operating environment and expectations of the customers and its shareholders. As a part of the revised strategy, Kojamo has decided to focus on its market-based operations by further reducing the amount of state-subsidised ARA rental apartments, subject to the determination of rent, in its portfolio. In addition, Kojamo decided to focus on the rental housing service design including further developing Kojamo's digital housing services. The name change carried out as a part of the implementation of the revised strategy seeks to strengthen the Lumo brand and diminish the significance of VVO brand and the state-subsidised rental offering in Kojamo's business operations.

Kojamo aims to invest in increasing its housing supply by 2021 through the development of new properties and acquisition of existing properties. Kojamo believes that urbanisation and ongoing migration to Finland's Growth Centres provide Kojamo with growth opportunities in the Finnish rental housing market. Kojamo's strategic goal is to have a portfolio of 38,000 apartments with a fair value of EUR 5.8 billion by 2021. Other strategic key indicators and financial targets for Kojamo until 2021 are set forth in the below table.

Strategic key indicators and financial targets
Fair value of apartments Number of apartments Operative result of the Lumo segment as a percentage of revenue
Equity ratio of the Lumo segment, % Net Promoter Score*

Actual result for the financial year ended 31
December 2016 EUR 4.3 billion 34,974 apartments
34.7 40.0
35

Strategic goal until 2021 EUR 5.8 billion
38,000 apartments
32.0 40.0
40

* Kojamo uses a method called the "net promoter score" to measure tenant satisfaction. In Kojamo's tenant satisfaction surveys, tenants
are requested to respond to the following survey question: "How likely is that you would recommend company to a friend or a colleague?" on a scale from 1 to 10. Tenants giving a score 9 or 10 in the survey are called "promoters", tenants giving a score from 0 to 6 are "detractors", and tenants responding 7 or 8 are excluded when calculating the net promoter score. The net promoter score is calculated by deducting the total percentage of the respondents who are "detractors" from the total percentage of tenants being "promoters". As an illustrative example, if 65 per cent. of tenants are "promoters" and respond 9 or 10 in the survey and 25 per cent. of tenants are "detractors" responding a score between 0 and 6, the net promoter score is 40 (65-25=40).

The strategic focal points of Kojamo for the five year period 2017-2021 are the following:
 Delivering the best customer experience. Kojamo will continue to focus on providing the best customer experience by offering a range of different housing solutions, accessible customer service, and userfriendly online services. The Lumo brand and its housing services strive to differentiate from other rental apartment offerings in the market, among other things, through the accessibility of its services and the quality of its online services.
 Generating long-term shareholder value. Kojamo will strive to generate long-term shareholder value by improving the fair value of its property portfolio and increasing the amount of low risk housing stock. Kojamo believes that growing its property portfolio will enhance its operating result and net asset value.

44

Kojamo aims to reduce the risks related to its housing stock by focusing its business operations in seven chosen Finnish Growth Centres offering, in the opinion of Kojamo, the most growth potential. These include Helsinki, Tampere, Turku, Kuopio and Lahti areas as well as Oulu and Jyväskylä. At the same time, Kojamo will continue to divest its assets located in other areas.
Property development will also be important for Kojamo when striving towards improving long-term shareholder value. Property development will be especially important in increasing Kojamo's housing stock in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. Moreover, improving cost-efficiency and price-quality ratio of its procurements will be areas of focus for Kojamo to achieve its strategic goals. As a part of its strategic goal to generate long-term shareholder value, Kojamo will also emphasise obtaining sufficient financing and management of interest rate risk.
 Leading on sustainable development. Kojamo is committed to developing new and modern construction solutions, housing services and ecological innovations related to energy-efficient housing solutions. Kojamo will focus on sustainable development of its business operations and strive to be the leading player in sustainability in its field of business. All the new developer contracting projects of Kojamo will be near zero-energy buildings in accordance with FInZEB concepts and guidelines6. Further, Kojamo will focus on mastering energy consumption of the apartment buildings in its portfolio, developing optimal energy efficient conditions inside its buildings and actively improving waste management of its apartment buildings. As a part of improving the sustainability in Kojamo's apartment buildings, it will continue to focus on developing tenant cooperation and sharing economy by, among other things, further developing car sharing and utilising joint areas in buildings.
 Pursuing corporate social responsibility. Pursuing corporate social responsibility is integral to Kojamo's operations and corporate culture. Kojamo believes its corporate social responsibility is already on a high level but it will continue to strive towards improving it further. By focusing especially on responsibility towards its clients, its obligations as contractor as well as clear communication of, for example, Kojamo's tax-footprint.
 Being energetic and the most competent place to work. Kojamo will focus on developing its corporate culture to support its strategy implementation. Kojamo makes and will continue to make its values visible in every day work at Kojamo. Employees' skills and know-how will be developed by training Kojamo's managers and employees based on Kojamo's strategic goals. Employees will be offered competence mapping to identify each employee's strengths and individual targets for development. Moreover, to support the working atmosphere and well-being of employees, Kojamo will have up to date deputy and successor plans. Reward and incentive programs at Kojamo will support the implementation of the strategic goals.
Competitive strengths
Kojamo's management believes that Kojamo has the following key strengths:
 Large and stable portfolio. Kojamo is Finland's largest private owner of rental apartments, by number of apartments, with 34,974 apartments as at 31 December 2016 (33,843 apartments as at 31 March 2017) in areas where demand is high7. Kojamo's nearly 35,000 individual rental agreements help to diversify business risk and promote stability. The apartments produce steady and predictable cash flow and Kojamo's owners are long-term investors. As at 31 December 2016, the financial occupancy rate was 97.4 per cent. (excluding apartments under refurbishment) and the average period of tenancy was 6.0 years.
 Long-term housing stock management and development. Kojamo is willing to invest in planned maintenance and renovations of its properties. Economies of scale combined with a bargaining power driven by Kojamo's size in its markets as well as long experience from the business have enabled Kojamo to mitigate costs in its property management and development, which are supported by competitive tendering processes by Kojamo's key suppliers.
6 FInZEB project was a governmental initiative to define the national concepts, standards, goals and guidelines for near zero-energy buildings in Finland to prepare for the implementation the Energy performance of buildings directive (2010/31/EU). The project was completed in 2015. 7 Source: VVO Group plc Financial statements 2016.
45

 Strong understanding of the market and customers' needs. Kojamo continuously gathers information on business and customers' needs and opinions in order to develop its operations. In the past, Kojamo has been able to benefit from the growing demand for rental apartments in Finland's Growth Centres and a solid understanding of the market will drive Kojamo's development also in the future.
 Customer-focused and efficient operating models. Kojamo believes it has well-organised and established, customer-focused operations. Kojamo has developed its operating methods including digital services and supporting information systems to help to ensure efficient and convenient services at the Lumo-Kotikeskus centres, by phone and online and aims to continue this development work also in the future.
 A socially responsible and fair partner. Kojamo's mission is to create better urban housing through modern rental apartment portfolio and digital service offering aiming to respond to changing customer demand. Kojamo acts transparently and in an ethical manner and requires responsible operations from its partners. Kojamo has a long-standing tradition of active resident co-operation enabling its residents to participate in decision-making related to their rental apartments.
 Competent and committed personnel. Kojamo personnel are experienced property professionals. Work satisfaction has been high at Kojamo and Kojamo strives to be an attractive employer and maintain its high work satisfaction also in the future. In 2017, Kojamo received recognition as one of Finland's most inspiring places to work. The recognition is awarded to businesses that achieve the highest rating in the PeoplePower® personnel survey conducted by Corporate Spirit Oy.
Business overview
Kojamo offers rental apartments and housing services in Finnish Growth Centres. As at 31 March 2017, Kojamo owned 33,843 rental apartments with fair value of EUR 4.3 billion offering a wide range of housing alternatives.
Kojamo had a turnover of EUR 351.5 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2016 (EUR 370.9 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2015) and EUR 83.6 million for the first quarter of 2017 (EUR 95.9 million for the first quarter of 2016). Turnover is entirely generated by rental income. Turnover decreased mainly due to the rental apartment divestments carried out early in 2016.
Kojamo Group's net rental income totalled EUR 222.0 million in 2016 (EUR 227.4 million in 2015) and EUR 52.6 million in the first quarter of 2017 (EUR 60.8 million in the first quarter of 2016), representing in 2016 63.2 per cent. (61.3 per cent. in 2015, 62.9 per cent. in the first quarter of 2017 and 63.4 per cent. in the first quarter of 2016) of revenue.
Kojamo Group's profit before taxes amounted to EUR 289.7 million in 2016 (EUR 224.7 million in 2015) and EUR 58.3 million in the first quarter of 2017 (EUR 54.3 million in the first quarter of 2016). The result includes a change in the fair value of investment properties of EUR 163.3 million in 2016 (EUR 70.3 million in 2015) and EUR 23.5 million in the first quarter of 2017 (EUR 14.1 million in the first quarter of 2016) and losses on sales of investment properties of EUR 10.4 million in 2016 (compared to a profit of EUR 2.7 million in 2015) and profits on sales of investment properties of EUR 0.7 million in the first quarter of 2017 (EUR 1.0 million in the first quarter of 2016). Kojamo Group's profitability has been driven by changes in the fair value of investment properties, low financial expenses, a good financial occupancy rate and the successful management of maintenance costs. The aggregate amount of financial income and expenses totalled EUR 46.0 million in 2016 (EUR 37.1 million in 2015) and EUR 9.3 million in the first quarter of 2017 (EUR 12.4 million in the first quarter of 2016).
Kojamo's business segments
Kojamo's business operations are divided into two segments: Lumo (formerly VVO Non-subsidised) and VVO (formerly VVO State-subsidised). The segments were renamed at the beginning of 2016. The changes had no effect on Kojamo's financial reporting. As at 31 December 2016, the Lumo segment included 31,108 apartments and VVO segment 3,866 apartments. During the first quarter of 2017, Kojamo divested approximately 1,300 apartments from its Lumo segment.
Lumo's net rental income totalled EUR 190.3 million in 2016 (EUR 134.6 million in 2015) and EUR 48.4 million in the first quarter of 2017 (EUR 43.7 million in the first quarter of 2016), representing in 2016 65.4 per
46

cent. (64.5 per cent. in 2015, 63.5 per cent. in the first quarter of 2017 and 63.8 per cent. in the first quarter of 2016) of revenue.

VVO's net rental income totalled EUR 32.8 million in 2016 (EUR 94.9 million in 2015) and EUR 4.4 million in the first quarter of 2017 (EUR 17.4 million in the first quarter of 2016), representing in 2016 53.3 per cent. (57.3 per cent. in 2015, 57.9 per cent. in the first quarter of 2017 and 62.6 per cent. in the first quarter of 2016) of revenue.

The table below sets forth the split of the net rental income and total revenue between Lumo and VVO segments, the Group consolidation methods and Group total:

Lumo Total revenue Net rental income

For the three months ended 31
March

2017 2016

(EUR in millions)

76.2

68.5

48.4

43.7

For the financial year ended 31 December

2016 2015 2014* 2013 2012

(EUR in millions)

291.1 208.8 176.4 174.3 169.5

190.3 134.6 111.8 101.6

96.2

VVO Total revenue Net rental income

7.5

27.8

61.5 165.8 184.9 183.3 175.3

4.4

17.4

32.8

94.9 100.9

97.9 102.1

Group consolidation methods Total revenue Net rental income

-0.1

-0.4

-1.2

-3.6

-4.7 -11.1

-9.4

-0.1

-0.3

-1.0

-2.2

-2.7

-1.1

-1.1

Group total Total revenue
Net rental income

83.6

95.9 351.5 370.9 356.5 346.6 335.4

52.6

60.8 222.0 227.4 210.0 198.4 197.3

* As of 2014, the Group adopted IFRS for its financial reporting. For 2012-2013, figures are presented according to the FAS financial statements.
The Lumo segment contains Kojamo Group's parent company Kojamo plc and the group companies Lumo Kodit Oy, Lumo Vuokratalot Oy and VVO Palvelut Oy, which offer the market-based housing services of Kojamo Group. In accordance with Kojamo's strategy, Kojamo Group's new investments have been focusing on housing in the Lumo business segment. Moreover, there are group companies in Lumo segment which are subject to restrictions on the determination of rent under ARAVA Act, ARAVA Restrictions Act (each as defined below) and interest subsidy legislation. These restrictions will end by the close of 2018. Some of the properties included in the Lumo segment are subject to property-specific restrictions, such as restrictions on the transfer of the property, in accordance with the ARAVA Act.
The VVO segment includes the majority of those group companies that own properties with rental apartments that are currently subject to the restriction on the determination of rent, profit distribution restriction and other restrictions under Finnish governmental social housing policies. The restrictions relate to the Act on StateSubsidised Housing Loans (1189/1993, as amended) (ARAVA Act) and Act on Arava Restrictions (1190/1993, as amended) (ARAVA Restrictions Act) and interest subsidy legislation. As such these companies can currently pay their owner a four per cent. return on capital invested that have been confirmed by the Housing Finance and Development Centre of Finland (ARA). The return payable from the annual profits of the group companies in VVO segment subject to revenue recognition restrictions totalled EUR 2.2 million in 2016 and the market value of the properties belonging to VVO segment portfolio was approximately EUR 139 million in 2016. Restrictions under ARAVA Act and ARAVA Restriction Act are set for a fixed-term (between 20 and 45 years). For the properties with rental apartments in VVO segment, restrictions in respect of the determination of the rent will end after 2018 and in respect of the other restrictions in the next ten years.
The table below illustrates the development of the fair values of properties between Lumo and VVO segment from 2012 to 2016.

47

Investment properties*

2016

2015

2014

(EUR in millions)

2013**

Lumo segment

4 159.5

3 331.7

2 300.7

1 979.6

VVO segment

138.5

667.3

1 407.8

1 371.5

Group eliminations***

0.9

0.2

0.2

0.0

Group total

4 298.9

3 999.2

3 708.8

3 351.1

* Including items held for sale. ** The values for the years 2012 and 2013 are calculated with fair values in accordance with the Finnish Accounting Standards. *** Group internal margin (profit elimination between different segments).

2012**
1 761.5 1 358.4
0.0 3 120.0

Kojamo's service concepts

General

Kojamo's aim is to create a superior customer-service experience for its clients. Kojamo invests significantly in its service business and actively aims to develop the rental housing market in Finland. Kojamo continually seeks feedback from its customers to develop sustainable housing services according to their needs. Kojamo's current service concepts are presented below.

Lumo e-services and Lumo online store

The Lumo online store enables customers to rent an available home from Kojamo's housing stock directly from the online service without a waiting period. Moreover, customers can familiarise themselves with the entire Kojamo Group's housing stock through the Lumo.fi website and, should they wish to do so, leave an application for apartments which match certain customer-defined criteria or to be waitlisted for a location that does not have available apartments at that time. Through the Lumo online store, Lumo offers prospective tenants the power and freedom to choose their apartment. The customer can choose a suitable apartment online without a need to submit an application that would be subject to a fixed handling period, pay the first month's rent and move into the new home the following day.

As at the date of this Prospectus, more than 1,700 tenancy agreements have been signed through the Lumo online store counting for over 70 per cent. of Lumo's rental agreements. In addition to concluding the rental agreement online, customers can manage their contract-related issues flexibly outside opening hours or from another locality without visiting a Lumo-Kotikeskus customer service centre. Further, customers can use the electronic services to view their rental payment information, update their contact information, use the apartment exchange market, report a defect, contact a property manager, terminate their rental agreement or reserve a parking space. Kojamo aims to continue to expand its electronic services for tenants and prospective tenants in order to ensure that their use is as easy and effortless as possible.

In November 2015 the Lumo online store received distinction in the division for large companies at the annual Quality Innovation Awards organised by TEKES (the Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation) and Deloitte.

Car sharing

Tenants of Lumo homes have access to a smart-traffic car-sharing concept in several localities around Finland, which has been developed in partnership with 24Rent. With the help of the car-sharing service, the number of parking spaces per apartment building can be lowered by 30 to 40 per cent. The shared car can be reserved by all tenants and is available at the parking space designated by the housing company. 24Rent is responsible for the operation of the car (including insurance, maintenance and tyre changes) and receiving reservations. The tenant only needs to reserve the car and return it to the designated parking space after use. In 2016, Lumo customers' opportunities for car sharing were expanded to most of the cities where Kojamo Group operates.

SmartPost at Lumo home

Posti Group Corporation and Lumo Kodit Oy have introduced a parcel service to customers available at the apartment buildings called SmartPost. The first SmartPost parcel service was launched at a Lumo apartment building in February 2017. SmartPost is Posti Group's new service for sending and receiving parcels and accessing other services using parcel collection points located in communal areas within apartment buildings.

48

Recipients are sent details of the pick-up box number and a PIN code by text message. Smaller postal items, such as letters, will continue to be delivered directly to the recipients' homes. Kojamo's operational functions Kojamo develops, rents and manages its apartments. At Kojamo approximately 300 employees work across customer relations, investments, real estate development and other supporting functions. The different parts of the organisation work closely together and share Kojamo Group's goals. The following chart sets out the operational structure of Kojamo:
Customer relations The customer relations function is responsible for the management and development of Kojamo's rental business, client satisfaction, and cost efficiencies in customer management. This function is also responsible for market monitoring, controlling building management and rental operations, and guiding co-operation with residents through the nationwide Lumo-Kotikeskus centre network. When renting out apartments, Kojamo seeks to offer a good service experience for the customer and to provide rental apartments that meet existing demand, with the aim of extending tenancy periods and thus improving its profitability. Furthermore, cost efficiency is achieved by managing fixed costs, leveraging economies of scale, and continuously ensuring operational efficiency. For Kojamo, co-operation with residents is considered a decades-long tradition, a way of working and a competitive advantage. Procedures for co-operation with residents has been developed over the entire 48-year span of Kojamo's operations. The co-operation model gives Kojamo's residents an opportunity to influence their living arrangements and any practices concerning the residents including, for example, property maintenance and services available at the apartment building in question. Some 2,300 residents have been nominated to specific positions in residents' associations, such as chairs and vice chairs of house committees, resident energy experts, and building security managers. Further, approximately 5,000 residents are involved in residents' associations, for example, by serving as members of house committees. Kojamo Group's innovation, the Lumo kotinyt.fi website described above was another step in the development of the Lumo service concept. Kojamo believes that the online apartment rental service will drive change in the rental housing sector: the decision-making power and the freedom of choice are handed over to the customers who can rent any available apartment they want immediately compared to the traditional model in which the customer submits an application and the landlord then elects the tenant and apartment. The Lumo brand has achieved a strong market position, and according to recent market research by Brand Tracking Gallup Poll, Lumo is ranked second in Finland in terms of how many people know that the brand offers commercial rental apartments8. Lumo segment already constitutes approximately 90 per cent. of Kojamo Group's business.
8 Gallup Poll conducted by media company ToinenPhd in March 2017.
49

Investment properties
Kojamo carries out its growth strategy by making investments in housing with a focus on Finnish Growth Centres where it sees sufficient demand for rental apartments in the long term. Kojamo plans to increase its housing holdings primarily in the largest Growth Centres of Finland, especially metropolitan commuter zones. Investment properties are selected in areas with well-established and functioning transport links and an established service sector. Kojamo commissions construction for ownership of, or acquires, entire rented buildings.
The purpose of asset management is to manage Kojamo's property portfolio through buying, selling or developing real estate as well as monitoring and increasing the profitability of Kojamo's property portfolio. Kojamo's target is to reduce the number of cities in which it owns properties from the current 35 to less than 30 in the near future.
In 2016, Kojamo invested EUR 696.0 million in new construction, property acquisitions and modernisations (EUR 235 million in 2015). The number of new development construction projects starting in 2016 was approximately the same as in the previous year. The new construction projects are mainly located in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. The table below sets forth the repairs, investment and divestment costs of Kojamo from 2012 to 2016.

Investments Repairs

2016 39.1

2015

2014

(EUR in millions)

46.5

49.5

2013 48.4

2012 37.8

Modernisation investments Development investments* Acquisitions Gross investments**

29.3

45.8

29.1

35.4

33.1

196.9

172.4

142.1

117.2

41.7

469.8

16.8

29.2

70.6

0.0

696.0

235.0

200.5

223.2

74.8

Divestments

559.0

14.9

28.8

16.0

12.0

* New construction investments. ** Kojamo has prepared its financial statements under IFRS since 2014. The transition to IFRS changed the calculation method of the gross investments. Up to and including the financial year ended 31 December 2014, Kojamo calculated gross investments using gross investments for cash flow and from 1 January 2015 on using accrual based investments.

During the first quarter of 2017, Kojamo's gross investments amounted to EUR 65.0 million. Total repair costs and modernisation investments during the period totalled EUR 10.6 million. In 2016, Kojamo's maintenance cost per square meter amounted to EUR 3.35/m2 per month and repair cost amounted to EUR 1.57/m2 per month. Currently, most of the investments in new construction and property acquisitions are carried out by Lumo Kodit Oy and the investments are funded with long-term loans and operating cash flows.

As at 31 December 2016, Kojamo had in place unrecognised binding acquisition agreements related to new construction worth a total of EUR 342.7 million of which EUR 136.8 million will be used to complete apartments that were already under construction as at 31 December 2016. A total of 2,635 new apartments will be built under the acquisition agreements, of which 1,536 apartments were under construction as at 31 December 2016. 1,220 apartments are located in the Helsinki region and 316 in other Growth Centres in Finland. In 2016, the construction of 649 apartments was completed (736 apartments in 2015) and Kojamo estimates that 934 apartments will be completed by the end of 2017. Kojamo's target is to complete more than 1,000 apartments yearly. For more information on recent investments, see section "Recent Events" below.

Real estate development

The real estate development function manages the development and technical lifecycle of Kojamo's apartments, optimises apartment maintenance, manages plot reserves, and carries out technical building management. By utilising its own plot reserves and negotiating with partner organisations, the real estate development function seeks opportunities for the construction of new properties. The function engages in systematic real estate development and leverages economies of scale to enable cost-efficient property maintenance and the achievement of Kojamo's strategic targets.

50

The main task of the real estate development function is to increase the value of Kojamo's properties. The real estate development function has a key role in the acquisition of new plots and other land areas and the development and planning of new projects. Moreover, the real estate development function carries out project management in renovation projects and develops rental operations to ensure cost-efficiency in the maintenance of Kojamo's properties.
Kojamo's development and planning of new projects are based on Kojamo's own planning guidelines, which, in addition to technical issues, also include guidelines on interior of the apartment buildings. The construction unit of Kojamo designates a project manager and a technical controller for each project. In addition, technical experts at Kojamo's maintenance unit are involved in defining technical objectives of the new projects and are also involved in test runs of the completed new buildings. For the actual planning of each new project Kojamo utilises special outsourced design services. Outsourced specialist supervisory consultants are also used to control the site work of all the technical systems and, if necessary, consultancy services are also used to supervise construction work on building sites.
As a part of its property development strategy, Kojamo seeks to enhance the value of its rental housing and their attractiveness to tenants as rental apartments through renovations and maintenance. Kojamo aims to improve the energy efficiency of its property portfolio with maintenance and operational measures and contributes to the continuous development of efficient lifecycle solutions for its residential buildings: solar power, energy efficiency of ventilation equipment, building automation systems and structural solutions for thermal insulation.
At the end of December 2016, the plot reserve held by Kojamo totalled approximately 125,000 floor square metres and its fair value was approximately EUR 63 million. Kojamo continuously seeks to sell those properties it considers unsuitable for rental housing development.
Kojamo's property portfolio
Kojamo's rental apartments are mainly in high-rise apartment buildings. Kojamo owned a total of 33,843 rental apartments on 1,369 properties as at 31 March 2017. The Lumo segment accounted for 30,478 and the VVO segment for 3,365 of these apartments. In total there were nearly 55,000 residents in Kojamo's rental apartments as at 31 March 2017. Over 70 per cent. of Kojamo's rental apartments are either studios or one bedroom apartments, for which there is also the highest demand. The average area of Kojamo's rental apartments was approximately 56.0 m2 as at 31 March 2017. As at 31 March 2017, the average age of Kojamo's buildings was 31.6 years.
For the financial year ended 31 December 2016, the net rental income yield of Kojamo Group was 5.4 per cent. (5.7 per cent. for the financial year ended 31 December 2015), the net rental income yield of Lumo segment 5.1 per cent. (4.8 per cent. in 2015) and the net rental income yield of VVO segment 8.1 per cent. (7.4 per cent. in 2015)9. At the end of December 2016 Kojamo owned apartments in 40 municipalities.
As at 31 March 2017, Kojamo had 18,503 apartments in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, which represented 55 per cent. of the total number of apartments in Kojamo's property portfolio. Tampere area accounted for 14 per cent. and Turku area for 5 per cent. of the total number of apartments. The below charts set forth the geographical distribution of Kojamo's apartments by number of apartments and by their fair value as at 31 March 2017.
9 Up to and including the financial year ended 31 December 2015, the net rental income yield has been calculated using closing values of the investment properties. Starting from 1 January 2016, the net rental income yield has been calculated using the average values of the investment properties. The figures for the financial year ended 31 December 2015 are restated to include the transfer of properties between the segments.
51

33,843 apartments

The table below sets forth the split of the rental income, investment properties in Kojamo's property portfolio and interest-bearing debt between Kojamo's subsidiaries as at 31 December 2016.

Kojamo plc Lumo Kodit subgroup1 Lumo Vuokratalot subgroup2 VVO Korkotuki 2016 Oy Lumo 2017 Oy Lumo 2018 Oy Lumo 2019 Oy Lumo 2020 Oy Lumo 2021 Oy Lumohousing 2 Oy VVOhousing 4 Oy Lumohousing 5 Oy VVO Palvelut Oy3 VVO Asunnot Oy4 Lumohousing 6 Oy VVOhousing 7 Oy VVOhousing 8 Oy VVOhousing 9 Oy VVOhousing 10 Oy VVOhousing 11 Oy VVOhousing 12 Oy VVO Hoivakiinteistöt Oy Companies merged in 20165 Real estate/ housing companies Group eliminations
Kojamo Group

Rental income

Investment properties Interest-bearing debt

(EUR in millions)

0.5

4.9

501.8

188.3

3 090.6

1 873.4

36.0

389.7

63.6

11.2

184.7

39.3

11.2

115.5

74.2

7.3

85.6

60.4

4.6

50.6

47.8

6.3

72.6

45.2

2.5

24.5

17.5

5.5

54.3

10.5

5.4

53.3

9.9

3.7

9.1

4.9

3.6

0.0

0.0

28.2

5.0

0.0

3.4

8.9

6.2

4.7

14.4

8.8

7.2

21.7

16.7

1.8

5.3

3.7

2.9

9.3

7.8

3.0

12.1

8.9

7.6

34.2

121.6

2.2

27.6

28.9

7.1

0.0

0.0

0.9

24.5

30.0

-5.1

0.4

-858.36

349.9

4 298.97

2 122.8

1 Includes Lumo Kodit Oy and its subsidiaries. 2 Includes Lumo Vuokratalot Oy and its subsidiaries. 3 Represents rental income from the Issuer, which rents its headquarter premises from VVO Palvelut Oy. 4 Includes rental income for properties sold to Kiinteistö Oy M2-Kodit in 2016. 5 Includes companies that have been merged into Lumo Kodit Oy during the financial year ending as at 31 December 2016, but have
incurred rental income during the financial year before the merger. 6 Interest-bearing debt of group eliminations mainly includes intra-group loans. 7 Includes investment properties held for sale.

The fair value of Kojamo's investment properties in its property portfolio, reported in accordance with IAS40, stood at EUR 4.3 billion as at 31 December 2016. The fair values of Kojamo's investment properties in its property portfolio are determined quarterly on the basis of the Issuer's own evaluation utilising (i) transaction value (sales comparison value), (ii) income value (yield value) or (iii) acquisition cost (balance sheet value).

Kojamo utilises transaction value for the properties of which apartments can be sold by Kojamo without restrictions. The transaction value of the properties as of the measurement date is calculated based on actual sales prices of comparable apartments for the two preceding years. Income value is utilised for those properties that are required to be kept as rental apartments based on state-subsidised ARAVA loans, or interest-subsidy loans.

52

The income value is determined by capitalising the net rental income using property specific required rate of net rental income. The acquisition cost value is utilised in respect of properties under construction, interestsubsidised rental properties and state-subsidised rental properties (ARAVA-properties). The acquisition cost value is determined based on original acquisition cost less depreciation accumulated up to the IFRS transition date and any impairment losses. The following table sets forth the fair value of Kojamo's property portfolio as at 31 December 2016 by the different valuation techniques described above:
The appraisal model and the appraisal methodology of the Issuer in use is reviewed on a quarterly basis by Realia Management Oy, an independent external valuation advisor, in February 2017.10 Realia Management Oy is property valuation company approved by Authorised Property Valuers (AKA), who are valuation experts approved by the Property Valuation Board of Finland Chamber of Commerce. The parameters used by the Issuer in its appraisal model are market-based, the calculations meet general requirements and principles and the valuation method and model used by the Issuer is valid and fulfils the requirements under the IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) and IVS (International Valuation Standards) standards and other generally accepted valuation principles. Rental business Kojamo determines its market-based rents to support the sustainable growth objectives. In 2016, the national average rent for market-based Lumo apartments was EUR 14.44 per square meter per month. Water and broadband are included in the rent. Kojamo's current rental agreements enable the rents to be increased annually in the maximum amount of CPI (Consumer Price Index) plus 5 per cent. The rent levels are reviewed once a year and the average increase in rent was 2.9 per cent. in 2016. As at 31 December 2016, the financial occupancy rate was 97.4 per cent. and the average period of tenancy was 6.0 years. The charts below set forth the financial occupancy rate and tenant turnover of Kojamo from 2012 to 2016.
10 Source: Statement concerning the validation of the market values determined by VVO, 8 February 2017, Realia Management Oy.
53

Financial occupancy rate of Kojamo from 2012 to 2016, % Tenant turnover of Kojamo from 2012 to 2016, %
Kojamo utilises systematic property maintenance and preventative repairs to generate stable rental income. The construction of new properties and the acquisition of existing ones increase the supply of rental housing in the areas with strongest demand. Based on surveys conducted by external research agency Innolink, the customer satisfaction at Kojamo has been on a good level and remained rather stable during the last four years. The following chart sets forth the results of customer satisfaction survey from 2011 to 201611.
Kojamo measures tenant satisfaction with a method called the "net promoter score". In Kojamo's tenant satisfaction surveys, tenants are requested to respond to the following survey question: "How likely is that you would recommend company to a friend or a colleague?" on a scale from 1 to 10. Tenants giving a score 9 or 10 in the survey are called "promoters", tenants giving a score from 0 to 6 are "detractors", and tenants responding 7 or 8 are excluded when calculating the net promoter score. The net promoter score is calculated by deducting the total percentage of the respondents who are "detractors" from the total percentage of tenants being "promoters". According to the annual tenant satisfaction survey of Kojamo, tenant satisfaction remained at a good level in 2016 with the Net Promoter Score of 35. Tenants are satisfied with, among other things, customer service, the location of apartments, improved property maintenance, online services and the small rental deposit. Kojamo uses the results of yearly tenant satisfaction surveys to continuously develop its operations. For more information on the net promoter score as Kojamo's financial target, see section "Mission, vision and strategy" above. Striving for a good customer experience and easy and effortless service drives Kojamo's operations. Kojamo believes that dialogue with residents and close co-operation with residents' associations increase safety and comfort. For more information on the resident co-operation, see section "Kojamo's operational functions ­ Customer Relations" above.
11 Source: Innolink survey, Innolink Research Oy.
54

Environment
Kojamo Group is developing its operations to continually improve its environmental efficiency and Kojamo's principle in all situations is to adopt the most appropriate and efficient use of energy without compromising the quality and conditions of housing. The most significant environmental aspect Kojamo takes into consideration is the energy consumption of its properties. Energy use is constantly being improved based on the goals agreed for the Rental Property Action Plan under the Property and Building Sector Energy Efficiency Agreement 2017­ 2025 (VAETS) which is a governmental action plan for real estate industry to improve the energy efficiency of the industry. Kojamo's aim is to exceed the energy efficiency requirement in all its new-build properties and renovation projects.
To reduce the energy consumption of its properties, Kojamo is currently targeting to achieve an indoor temperature of 21 degrees in its apartments in accordance with the Housing Health Guidelines issued by the Finnish Ministry of Social Affairs and Health. Kojamo has also implemented an operational model for the management of water consumption in order to ensure that water fittings are maintained and equipped with watersaving components in conjunction with the regular maintenance cycle (6 to 8 years). Moreover, Kojamo is constantly striving to improve waste management on its properties and apartment buildings.
Preventing climate change is also a long-term commitment at Kojamo and a consideration in all its business development actions. Kojamo is a member of Climate Leadership Council (CLC), which enables it to improve its efforts to help prevent global warming and in this way build a better future for the housing sector. The Kojamo Group Head Office and two Lumo-Kotikeskus centres are WWF Green Office certified.
Insurance
The properties owned by Kojamo are covered with full value insurances, which, as at the date of this Prospectus, are provided by OP Insurance Ltd. These insurances cover sudden and unforeseen direct property damage resulting e.g. from water and fire as well as theft and malicious damage. In addition, Kojamo has various other insurances, including third-party liability insurances for business operations and for the board of directors and managing director for Kojamo as well as insurances for buildings and movable property, and statutory accident insurances, all subject to standard limitations in the Finnish insurance market. Kojamo reviews its insurance policies on a regular basis as a matter of its general risk management.
Intellectual Property Rights
Kojamo is a housing investment company. Kojamo has not registered and does not own or licence intellectual property rights that would be material to its operations except for the registration of the Kojamo, Lumo and VVO names, logos, domain names, trademarks and domains of the Group companies. Intellectual property rights do not have a material effect on Kojamo's business or profitability.
Personnel
As at 31 December 2016, Kojamo had a total of 286 (356 at the end of 2015) employees, of which 267 (323 at the end of 2015) were on permanent contracts and 19 (33 at the end of 2015) were on temporary contracts. The total number of employees decreased from 2015 to 2016 as 66 employees of Kojamo transferred to Kiinteistö Oy M2-Kodit in connection with the disposal of 8,571 rental apartments from Kojamo to Kiinteistö Oy M2-Kodit which completed in November 2015. The average number of employees during 2016 was 298 (364 for the year 2015). The average length of service was 10.6 years (11.4 years at the end of 2015). Employee turnover in 2016 was 16.3 per cent, excluding those who transferred to Kiinteistö Oy M2-Kodit (13.5 per cent. at the end of 2015). The salaries and fees paid in 2016 totalled EUR 16.3 million (18.0 million at the end of 2015).
Recent events
In March 2016, Kojamo Group signed an agreement with Pohjola Rakennus Oy Uusimaa on the construction of rental apartments in Helsinki, Vantaa and Hyvinkää, with a total value of nearly EUR 50 million. In total, this agreement involves the construction of 263 Lumo rental apartments, most of which will be completed during the next two years. The construction of 80 apartments have been started so far.
In July 2016, Lumo Kodit Oy acquired ICECAPITAL Housing Fund II with 2,274 rental apartments, most of them located in Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Tampere.
55

In November 2016, Kojamo Group announced it had reached a preliminary agreement on the acquisition of seven properties currently occupied by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences. Lumo Kodit Oy signed a preliminary agreement on the purchase of properties at Onnentie 18, Sofianlehdonkatu 5, Tukholmankatu 10, Agricolankatu 1­3, Albertinkatu 40­42, Abrahaminkatu 1­3 and Bulevardi 29­31 with the City of Helsinki and Merasco Real Estate Ltd Oy. Under the terms of the agreement, the fixed sales price is set at EUR 80.9 million, as determined by a valuation based on existing building rights to develop further commercial provision. The sales price may be adjusted in the event that the building rights are amended following a revision of the local plan as applied for by the purchaser.
In November 2016, Kojamo announced that Lumo Kodit Oy had agreed on EUR 170 million long-term financing with European Investment Bank, which will be used to fund new near zero-energy buildings in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area and in Tampere. The financing from the EIB is part of an investment programme under which Kojamo will construct 1,800 apartments. In November 2016, an agreement on the first EUR 75 million loan was signed. The loan is unsecured and the Issuer has provided a guarantee for the loan.
In January 2017, Kojamo completed the sale of altogether 1,344 non-restricted rental apartments, located around Finland, to a company managed by Avant Capital Partners on 31 January 2017. The apartments sold are located in Hämeenlinna, Iisalmi, Imatra, Joensuu, Kaarina, Kajaani, Kirkkonummi, Kotka, Kouvola, Mikkeli, Oulu, Pirkkala, Pori, Porvoo, Raisio, Rauma, Rovaniemi, Salo, Tampere and Turku. Also in January 2017, Lumo Kodit Oy announced the signing of a contract with Lapis Oy for construction of 60 Lumo apartments in Katajanokka, Helsinki.
In March 2017, Kojamo signed a new committed EUR 100 million Revolving Credit Facility with Swedbank AB (publ). The Revolving Credit Facility is unsecured and has a maturity of five years. The credit facility will be used as a back-up facility for commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes.
In March 2017, Lumo Kodit Oy signed an agreement with Peab Oy for building of 94 high-quality Lumo apartments at Koivu-Mankkaantie 1b in Espoo, near the Urheilupuisto metro station. Lumo Kodit Oy also announced the conversion of four floor office space into 102 Lumo rental apartments at Töölönkatu 11, Helsinki.
In April 2017, Lumo Kodit Oy signed a term loan facility of EUR 50 million with Nordea Bank AB (publ), Finnish Branch. The loan facility is secured and its maturity with extension options is five and a half years. The credit facility will be used for general corporate purposes.
In April 2017, Lumo Kodit Oy and construction company SSR Uusimaa signed a contract for the construction of 57 Lumo apartments in Vuosaari, Helsinki. Lumo Kodit Oy also announced an agreement with Hausia Oy for construction of 100 Lumo apartments and two business premises in Saunalahti, Espoo.
In May 2017, Kojamo signed a new committed EUR 100 million Revolving Credit Facility with Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Branch Operation in Finland. The Revolving Credit Facility is unsecured and has a maturity of five years. The credit facility will be used as a back-up facility for commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes. The new credit facility replaced Handelsbanken's EUR 30 million secured revolving credit facility maturing in autumn 2017.
Legal proceedings
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Kojamo is aware) during the previous twelve months preceding the date of this Prospectus, which may have, or have had in such period or in the recent past a significant effect on Kojamo's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. The Issuer's management is not aware of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to lead to any material claims being made against Kojamo or any member of the Group in the foreseeable future.
Financing and capital structure
General
Kojamo finances its business operations and investments utilising both cash flows from operations and secured and unsecured debt. As at 31 December 2016, the vast majority of Kojamo's loans were secured. Secured debt represented approximately 94 per cent. of the total loan portfolio, while the portion of unsecured debt was
56

approximately 6 per cent. Kojamo's equity ratio was 40.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2016. Certain key figures of Kojamo related to its financing and capital structure are presented in the table below.

Equity ratio, %
Hedging ratio, %
Average interest rate, % Average loan period, years Average interest rate fixing period, years

31 December 31 March 2017 2016

40.6

40.7

79.0

77.0

2.1

2.0

5.8

5.7

5.2

5.2

Kojamo Group

As at

30 September 30 June

2016

2016

39.5

43.6

71.0

74.0

2.1

2.1

5.5

6.3

4.6

5.3

31 March 2016 43.5 72.0 2.3
7.2

31 December 2015 41.1 72.0 2.2
9.8

4.8

3.7

The following table sets forth Kojamo's loan to value ratio for the periods indicated:

For the financial year ended 31 December

2016

2015*

2014

2013

Loan to value, %

46.7

45.6

46.4

48.6

* Interest-bearing liabilities in 2015 include the debt related to non-current assets held for sale, EUR 460.7 million.

2012 48.4

Kojamo plans to move towards more unsecured funding structure and increase its unsecured debt portion towards 45 per cent of the loan portfolio in the next two to three years mainly by issuing unsecured bonds. The proceeds of the issue of the Notes will in part be used to repay secured loans to various financial institutions, including certain of the Joint Bookrunners. The bond market will play a significant role in Kojamo's future financing, although bank financing, especially unsecured, is expected to remain as an equally important funding source. The ratio of unencumbered assets to total consolidated assets is expected to increase from the current 40 per cent. level towards 60 per cent. in the next two to three years. Kojamo's equity ratio target is 40 per cent, which would present approximately 47 per cent. loan to value ratio.

The above capital structure targets include forward-looking statements. This capital structure target is not a guarantee of future capital structure and Kojamo's actual capital structure could differ materially from this expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Also see section "Forward-looking statements".

Interest-bearing debt

The following table sets forth the nominal values of the Group's debt portfolio as at the dates indicated:

Non-current Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans (includes ARAVA loans) Bonds Market-based loans Other loans Total

As at 31 December 2016 As at 31 December 2015 (EUR in millions)

271.2 60.3
300.0 1,161.2
3.4 1,796.1

223.4 68.3
100.0 864.5
3.6 1,259.8

Current

Interest subsidy loans

53.6

75.3

Annuity and mortgage loans

1.3

1.7

Market-based loans

123.6

41.6

Other loans

7.0

7.3

Commercial paper

141.3

108.8

Total

326.8

234.7

Total interest-bearing debt*

2,122.8

1,494.6

* The interest-bearing debt exclude the debt related to non-current assets held for sale, totalling EUR 0.1 million as at 31 December 2016 (EUR 460.7 million in 2015).

57

As at 31 December 2016, the average loan maturity of Kojamo was 5.7 years (9.8 as at 31 December 2015). In 2017, EUR 319.5 million of the short-term and long-term debt of Kojamo will mature (EUR 84.1 million in 2018 and EUR 316.1 in 2019). The following chart sets forth information on the maturity profile of Kojamo's short and long-term debt.
Commercial paper program Kojamo's borrowing under its unsecured commercial paper program totalled EUR 141.3 million as at 31 December 2016, representing approximately 7 per cent. of total debt. Kojamo intends to use its commercial paper program as a source of funding also going forward. The program size is expected to be increased from EUR 200 million to EUR 250 million in 2017, while the share of commercial paper borrowings as a proportion of the total debt is expected to remain low at 5 to 10 per cent. of total debt. Interest subsidy loans and annuity loans Interest subsidy loans and annuity loans amounted to EUR 386.4 million as at 31 December 2016 and they represented 18 per cent. of total debt. Kojamo does not intend to raise new interest subsidy or annuity loans and, as result, their share is expected to decrease naturally to 5 per cent. or possibly close to zero of the total debt within the next two to three years. Market-based loans Market-based loans amounted to EUR 1,284.8 million as at 31 December 2016, representing 61 per cent. of total debt. The market-based loans presented in the table above are all bank loans and exclude the bonds issued by Kojamo plc, which are described below. As at 31 December 2016, Kojamo had committed credit facilities of EUR 100 million and an uncommitted credit facility of EUR 5 million, which were unused at the balance sheet date of 31 December 2016. As at 31 December 2016, 94 per cent. of the total interest-bearing loans were secured and 6 per cent. of the total interest-bearing loans were unsecured. The aim is to increase the share of unsecured financing in the future and the new loans from the banks are expected to be mostly unsecured. In 2017, the Issuer has agreed on new unsecured committed revolving credit facilities of EUR 200 million with two financial institutions. As at the date of this Prospectus, the committed revolving credit facilities amounted to EUR 270 million. These credit facilities are unused. Senior secured notes On 29 May 2013, Kojamo issued EUR 100,000,000 senior secured notes due 29 May 2020 (the 2020 Notes). On 17 October 2016, Kojamo issued EUR 200,000,000 senior secured notes due 17 October 2023 (the 2023 Notes, together with the 2020 Notes, the Secured Notes). The 2023 Notes are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.
58

The Secured Notes are secured by security pools comprising of freehold and leasehold properties owned by the Issuer's wholly-owned subsidiary Lumo Kodit Oy and shares in mutual real estate companies and housing companies owned by the Security Provider as well as all amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer's and the Security Provider's specified bank accounts and lease receivables of the Security Provider. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Secured Notes, the security provider may on certain conditions grant as security additional or replacing properties or shares in real estate or housing companies as long as the new security assets provided meet the applicable security criteria under the terms and conditions of the Secured Notes.

Dividend policy

Kojamo's dividend policy is to distribute a minimum of 50 per cent. of the Lumo segment's operative result as dividends, provided that its equity ratio exceeds 40 per cent. The pay-out ratio has historically been between 21 to 49 per cent. Kojamo paid an extra dividend of EUR 66.6 million to its shareholders in 2016 due to the divestment of 8,571 state-subsidised ARA rental apartments to Kiinteistö Oy M2-Kodit during the financial year.

The below chart presents Kojamo's operative result, dividends and their ratio from 2014 to 2016.

For the financial year ended 31 December

2016

2015

2014

Operative result, EUR in millions

116.9

121.4

103.2

Dividend, (excluding extra dividend), EUR in millions*

50.3

37.0

22.2

Extra dividend, EUR in millions

66.6

Dividend (excluding extra dividend) per share, EUR*

6.80

5.00

3.00

Extra dividend per share, EUR

9.00

Dividend (excluding extra dividend) per operative result,%

43.1

30.5

21.5

* Dividends (excluding extra dividend) have been paid out in the subsequent financial year.

59

MARKET OVERVIEW
General
In Finland, the development of the economic outlook has been cautiously positive. The development of the world economy is a key factor that influences the development of export and industrial production. The confidence of households and companies has strengthened. This was seen in, for example, demand for owneroccupied apartments and construction investments. Consumer demand, construction volumes, investment plans of small and medium-sized companies, as well as the order pipelines of industrial corporations have all shown a slight increase in 2016. However, the expected growth remains modest, and the GDP growth was 1.4 per cent. for 2016. For 2017, the forecasts vary between 1.2 and 2.3 per cent. The volume of exports increased 0.5 per cent. in 2016, and for 2017, an increase is being expected.12
Rising private consumption and investment growth have pulled the Finnish economy out of recession. However, output growth is projected to remain sluggish over the coming years, as domestic demand growth is projected to weaken again, although export growth will rise significantly as external demand edges up and competitiveness improves. Unemployment will decline modestly and inflation will pick up only slowly.13 The overall employment was 69 per cent. in 2016 and is expected to increase slightly in 2017. Inflation rate is expected to remain moderate at approximately 1.5 per cent. both in 2017 and 2018.14
Finnish Residential Market
Generally in Finland the urbanisation has proceeded fast since the mid-1990s and it is expected that by 2040 75 per cent. of the Finnish population will live in urban areas. At the end of 2015, already approximately 68 per cent. of the Finnish population lived in the 14 biggest city regions including, inter alia, Helsinki Metropolitan Area, Tampere, Turku, Lahti, Oulu and Kuopio. Growth has and is expected to be fastest in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, which currently has approximately 1.4 million inhabitants. Increasing urbanisation and changes in housing preferences have a profound impact of housing markets in Finland. The demand for small and well-located apartments in main city regions have increased both in owner-occupied and rental housing markets, while the demand for single-family houses and large apartments have decreased. Currently, approximately 90 per cent. of the residential construction is conducted in the 14 biggest city areas.15
At the end of 2015, there were approximately 2.9 million apartments in Finland, roughly 2.6 million of them with permanent residents. The number of permanently occupied rented apartments in Finland is approximately 840,000, of which 61 per cent. were non-subsidised rented apartments.16 The share of government-subsidised or interest-subsidised rental apartments of all permanently occupied rental apartments has decreased, as apartments have been freed from restrictions.17 Approximately 45 per cent. of the apartments are in apartment buildings, while the remaining apartments are in row houses or detached houses. It is estimated that the popularity of rental housing continues to increase compared to the owner-occupied housing. According to Statistics Finland18, already more than half of 20­29-year-olds were rental housing residents in 2015. Although the high amount of rental housing residents in this age group is partly due to the increasing prices of the owner occupied housing, it may also reflect the growing popularity of rental housing.
The majority of rental apartments in Finland are owned by individual private landlords. In addition to them, the operators in the rental housing market include professional rental apartment owners, housing investors, housing funds and municipal rental housing companies. At the end of 2016, Kojamo was the largest property investor in Finland measured by the direct property holdings. Sponda Plc was the second largest and SATO Corporation the third. The below graph sets forth the 30 largest property investors in Finland at the end of 2016.
12 Source: VM, OP spring 2017. 13 OECD (2016), "Finland", in OECD Economic Outlook, Volume 2016 Issue 2, OECD Publishing, Paris. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1787/eco_outlook-v2016-2-18-en 14 KTI Property Information Ltd: The Finnish property market 2017. 15 Source: KTI Property Information Ltd: The Finnish property market 2017. 16 Source: KTI Property Information Ltd: The Finnish property market 2017. 17 Source: Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Dwellings and housing conditions e-publication. ISSN=1798-6761. Overview 2015. Helsinki: Statistics Finland. 18 Source: Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Dwellings and housing conditions e-publication. ISSN=1798-6761. Overview 2015. Helsinki: Statistics Finland.
60

Source: KTI Property Information Ltd: Direct property holdings of 30 biggest property investors in Finland by fair value of properties as at the end of 2016, EUR in billion. (2) Pure residential investor.
Industry operating environment
There is clear demand for new homes in Finnish Growth Centres, although supply has increased due to various development projects of institutional investors and residential investment companies. Strong investment demand is boosting residential construction, which is expected to increase substantially. Generally the business has been good for small rental apartments and newly constructed locations, particularly in Growth Centres. There is still demand for new rental apartments in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. However, differences between regions are increasing. In some regions, supply and demand are equal, but, as described above, urbanisation will increase demand for housing and immigration (including in the form of asylum seekers) may result in growing demand for rental apartments in Growth Centres. The slowness of the zoning process and a lack of suitable plots, particularly in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, have made it harder to launch the construction of new rental apartments.
Price trends in owner-occupied apartments are expected to continue to be stable. A slight rise is expected in the prices of small, centrally located apartments, while the prices of large apartments on the outskirts may fall slightly. New development of owner-occupied housing is challenging. According to Statistics Finland19, prices of units in housing companies went up in February 2017. According to Statistics Finland's preliminary data, prices of dwellings in old blocks of flats and row houses went up by 0.3 per cent. in the whole country from January to February. Prices went up by 0.2 per cent. in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area and by 0.4 per cent. elsewhere in Finland. Compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, prices grew by 0.8 per cent. in the whole country. In Helsinki Metropolitan area, prices went up by 3.4 per cent. from the year before, but in the rest of Finland they went down by 1.5 per cent. Once again, the highest demand is for studios and onebedroom apartments. Demand for old large apartments has declined.
19 Source: Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Dwellings and housing conditions e-publication. 28 March 2017. Helsinki: Statistics Finland.
61

Overall demand for rental housing has remained high in Finnish Growth Centres. According to Statistics Finland, rents of both non-subsidised rental apartments and of government-subsidised rental apartments increased in the whole country20. In the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, the increase in prices was higher than in other parts of the country. Between 2010 and 2015, residential rents in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area increased by approximately 3-5 per cent. annually and in other main cities if Finland by 2-3.5 per cent. annually.21 According to the RAKLI Rental Residential Barometer carried out in August 2016, the expectations for rental development were more modest than in the earlier surveys. Rents of small apartments are expected to continue increasing in all major cities while expectations for rental development in larger apartments are now negative in all cities.22 It is estimated by KTI that the rents in main cities in Finland will increase by approximately 0.5-1.5 per cent. per annum during 2017 and 2018.23 However, differences between regions have increased and, there are some regions where the supply and demand were in balance. New construction focuses on privately financed rental apartments. In 2016 there were 12,500 apartment building starts, which is a record high level in Finland during 21st century, a rise of 20 per cent. from 2015. The estimate of new starts for 2017 is 12,800 apartments. Helsinki Metropolitan Area covers almost half of the projected starts (49 per cent.) and Tampere almost 20 per cent. Cost of the land, slow zoning process and lack of skilled office workers are the main reasons which are limiting the production at the moment24. With the increasing supply, turnover of tenants has increased in newly developed residential areas in particular. Occupancy ratios of residential portfolios remain strong, at some 95-97 per cent. on average, but have decreased slightly during the past year25. In 2016, rents across Kojamo's apartments as a whole increased by an average of approximately 2.9 per cent. year-on-year. Rents for Lumo apartments increased by about 3.0 per cent, and rents for VVO apartments 2.8 per cent. Rents are expected to rise still in 2017, but at a more moderate rate. New start-ups by construction firms are at a low level. The increase in renovation volume is expected to continue, and interest rates are expected to remain low.
20 Source: Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Rents of Dwellings 2016 e-publication. ISSN 1798-1018. Housing 2017. Helsinki. 21 Source: KTI Property Information Ltd: The Finnish property market 2017. 22 KTI Property Information Ltd: KTI Market Review Autumn 2016. 23 Source: KTI Property Information Ltd: The Finnish property market 2017. 24 Source: Confederation of Finnish Construction Industries RT (Rakennusteollisuus). Asuntotuotantokysely 1/2017. 25 KTI Property Information Ltd: The Finnish property market 2017.
62

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following tables present selected consolidated financial information for the Issuer as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2017 and 2016 and as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2016 and 2015. The consolidated financial information presented below has been derived from the Issuer's unaudited consolidated interim report as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2017, including unaudited consolidated comparative financial information as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2016, and from the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2016, including the audited consolidated comparative financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2015.

The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2016 and 2015 have been prepared in accordance with the applicable International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union. The audited consolidated interim report as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2017, including unaudited consolidated comparative financial information as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2016, has been prepared in accordance with "IAS34 ­ Interim Financial Reporting" standard.

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT Total revenue Maintenance expenses Repair expenses Net rental income Administrative expenses Other operating income Other operating expenses Profit/loss on sales of investment properties Profit/loss on sales of trading properties Fair value change of investment properties Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses Operating profit / loss Financial income Financial expenses Total amount of financial income and expenses Share of result from associated companies Profit before taxes Current tax expense Change in deferred taxes Profit/loss for the period Profit of the financial period attributable to Shareholders of the parent company Non-controlling interests Earnings per share based on profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company Basic, euro Diluted, euro Average number of the shares, millions

For the three months

ended 31 March

2017

2016

(unaudited) (unaudited)

(EUR in millions)

83.6

95.9

-23.7

-28.3

-7.2

-6.9

52.6

60.8

-8.5

-9.7

0.5

1.0

-0.9

-0.2

0.7

1.0

0.1

23.5

14.1

-0.3

-0.3

67.6

66.7

1.4

0.4

-10.6

-12.8

-9.3

-12.4

0.0

0.0

58.3

54.3

-12.5

-14.8

1.1

4.6

46.9

44.0

For the year ended

31 December

2016

2015

(audited) (audited)

(EUR in millions)

351.5

370.9

-90.3

-97.0

-39.1

-46.5

222.0

227.4

-37.4

-39.7

2.3

2.1

-3.1

-0.4

-10.4

2.7

0.1

0.0

163.3

70.3

-1.2

-1.2

335.6

261.2

2.4

7.8

-48.4

-44.8

-46.0

-37.1

0.1

0.6

289.7

224.7

-35.4

-22.1

-22.1

-23.2

232.3

179.4

46.9

44.0

232.3

0.0

0.0

0.0

179.3 -0.1

6.33

5.95

31.38

6.33

5.95

31.38

7.4

7.4

7.4

24.23 24.23
7.4

63

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF THE COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Profit/loss for the period Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Cash flow hedgings Available-for-sale financial assets Deferred taxes Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Total comprehensive income for the period Total comprehensive income attributable to Shareholders of the parent company Non-controlling interests

For the three months

ended 31 March

2017

2016

(unaudited) (unaudited)

For the year ended

31 December

2016

2015

(audited) (audited)

(EUR in millions)

46.9

44.0

(EUR in millions)

232.3

179.4

9.0

-20.3

-9.9

0.1

0.1

0.4

-1.8

4.1

1.9

7.2

-16.1

-7.6

54.1

27.9

224.7

54.1

27.9

224.7

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.6 -1.6 -0.6
2.4 181.8
181.7 -0.1

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets Investment properties Property, plant and equipment Investments in associated companies Financial assets Non-current receivables Derivatives Deferred tax assets Non-current assets total Investment properties held for sale
Current assets Trading properties Derivatives Current tax assets Trade and other receivables Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents Current assets total ASSETS TOTAL
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company Share capital Share issue premium Fair value reserve Invested non-restricted equity reserve Retained earnings

As at 31 March

2017

2016

(unaudited) (unaudited)

(EUR in millions)

As at

31 December

2016

2015

(audited) (audited)

(EUR in millions)

0.7 4,314.4
30.8 1.2 0.5 5.7 3.9
13.9
4,371.2 3.9

1.0 3,522.1
31.5 1.0 0.5 2.9
16.6 3,575.7
187.3

0.8 4,228.3
31.0 1.2 0.6 5.6 2.0
15.4
4,284.8 70.7

0.9 0.2 10.2 15.7 69.1 122.3 218.3 4,593.4

0.9
1.4 13.5 66.7 138.0 220.4 3,983.4

0.9 0.3 7.7 6.8 69.0 132.0 216.7 4,572.2

1.1 3,464.9
31.2 1.0 0.5 2.2
12.0 3,513.1
541.0
1.0
1.7 8.8 54.6 116.0 182.0 4,236.1

58.0 35.8 -33.0 17.9 1,784.6

58.0 35.8 -48.8 17.9 1,666.4

58.0 35.8 -40.2 17.9 1,788.0

58.0 35.8 -32.6 17.9 1,659.4

64

Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company Non-controlling interests Total equity
LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities Liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Derivatives Provisions Other non-current liabilities Non-current liabilities total Liabilities held for sale
Current liabilities Current liabilities Derivatives Current tax liabilities Trade and other payables Current liabilities total Total liabilities TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

1,863.3 0.0
1,863.3

1,729.3 0.6
1,729.9

1,859.5 0.0
1,859.5

1,738.5 0.6
1,739.1

1,871.8 452.6 60.5 0.9 6.9
2,392.7

1,247.3 425.8 71.3 0.9 6.7
1,752.0 137.0

1,796.1 453.4 68.3 1.0 7.1
2,325.9 1.0

215.8 0.6
20.7 100.2 337.3 2,730.1 4,593.4

259.4 1.6
21.3 82.1 364.5 2,253.5 3,983.4

326.8 0.9 9.9
48.3 385.8 2,712.6 4,572.2

1,259.8 429.8 48.4 0.9 7.1
1,746.0 467.1
234.7 1.3 9.9
38.0 283.9 2,497.1 4,236.1

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the three months

ended 31 March

2017

2016

(unaudited) (unaudited)

For the year ended

31 December

2016

2015

(audited) (audited)

(EUR in millions)

(EUR in millions)

Cash flow from operating activities Profit for the period Adjustments Change in net working capital Interest paid Interest received Other financial items Taxes paid
Net cash flow from operating activities

46.9

44.0

232.3

179.4

-3.3

-2.1

-46.6

9.0

-0.9

1.2

-1.8

0.0

-8.5

-11.1

-38.0

-42.4

0.1

0.2

0.7

0.6

-0.2

-0.1

-2.7

-0.5

-4.1

-3.0

-41.4

-24.8

30.0

29.1

102.4

121.3

Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of investment properties Acquisition of associated companies Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Proceeds from sale of investment properties Proceeds from sale of associated companies Proceed from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Purchases of financial assets Proceeds from sale of financial assets Non-current loans, granted Repayments of non-current receivables Interest and dividends received on investments
Net cash flow from investing activities

-74.0
-0.1 69.8
0.0 0.0 0.0 0.1 -4.2

-50.7
0.0 45.3
0.0
-13.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 0.1
-17.2

-421.8 0.0
-0.1 89.9
0.6
0.0 -28.0 14.0
-0.4 0.2 0.4 -345.1

-230.9
-0.5 15.4
0.0
-39.0 53.7 -0.2
0.5 1.3 -199.8

65

Cash flow from financing activities Non-current loans, raised Non-current loans, repayments Current loans, raised Current loans, repayments Dividends paid
Net cash flow from financing activities Change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents in the beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period

87.0 -69.3 34.0 -87.3
-35.6 -9.7
132.0 122.3

5.4 -44.4 102.8 -56.2
7.5 19.4
118.6 138.0

482.6 -154.9 390.1 -358.0 -103.6 256.1
13.4
118.6 132.0

195.9 -134.2 252.3 -209.1 -22.2
82.7 4.2
114.4 118.6

The following table provides certain key figures of the Issuer that are published in addition to IFRS measures. These alternative performance measures include i.e. Adjusted EBITDA, Return on equity, Return on investment and Loan to value. The Issuer presents non-IFRS measures because it believes that these and similar measures are used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interest parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The non-IFRS measures may differ from company to company and therefore may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. The alternative performance measures may also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Issuer's operating result as reported under IFRS. The following table sets forth non-IFRS performance measures of Kojamo as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2017 and 2016 and as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2016 and 2015 respectively.

For the three months

For the year ended

ended 31 March

31 December

2017

2016

2016

2015

(unaudited) (unaudited) (audited) (audited)

KEY FIGURES Adjusted EBITDA, (EUR in millions)

44.5

51.8

186.36

189.16

EBITDA margin, %

53.2

54.0

53.06

51.06

Investment properties (EUR in millions)1

4,318.3

3,705.3 4,298.9

3,999.2

Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent

company (EUR in millions)

1,859.5

1,738.5

Interest-bearing liabilities (EUR in millions)2

2,087.6

1,506.7 2,122.8

1,494.6

Return on equity, % (ROE)

10.1

10.2

12.9

10.8

Return on investment, % (ROI)

7.0

7.6

8.8

7.6

Equity ratio, %

40.6

43.5

40.7

41.1

Loan to Value, % 3

45.2

38.5

46.7

39.4

Coverage ratio

4.3

5.5

4.86

5.06

Solvency ratio

0.43

0.38

0.446

0.436

Secured solvency ratio

0.43

0.37

0.436

0.446

Unencumbered asset ratio, %

41.7

43.7

39.76

34.76

Earnings per share (EUR)

6.33

5.95

31.38

24.23

Equity per share (EUR)

251.71

233.61 251.20

234.85

Dividend per share (EUR)4

15.80

5.00

Gross investments (EUR in millions)

65.0

43.7

696.0

235.0

Number of personnel, average

2965

2935

298

364

1 Including items held for sale.

2 Excluding items held for sale.

3 The calculation formula has changed in 2016 and the comparable figures adjusted to correspond to the current calculation method.

4 In 2016 excluding extra dividend of EUR 9.00 and the Board of Directors proposed a dividend of EUR 6.80 per share.

5 Reported as at the end of the period.

6 Unaudited.

Formulas used to reconcile the non-IFRS measures to financial information prepared under IFRS

Adjusted EBITDA

Operating Profit ­ Fair value change of investment properties ­

=

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses ­ Profit/loss on sales of investment properties ­ Profit/loss on sales of trading

properties

66

Return on equity, %

=

Return on investment, %

=

Equity ratio, %

=

Earnings per share, EUR

=

Shareholders' equity per share, EUR =

Loan to value, %

=

Coverage Ratio

=

Secured solvency ratio

=

Unencumbered asset ratio, %

Solvency Ratio

=

Profit for the period Total equity (average during the period)
Profit before taxes + interests and other financial expenses Balance sheet total ­ Non-interest-bearing liabilities (average
during the period)
Total equity Balance sheet total ­ Advances received
Earnings attributable to equity holders Number of shares at the end of the financial period
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company Number of shares at the end of the financial period
Interest-bearing liabilities - Cash Investment properties + Property, plant and equipment
aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA aggregate amount of Net Interest Charges
Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness Consolidated Total Assets
Unencumbered assets Consolidated Total Assets
Consolidated Total Indebtedness - Cash and cash equivalents Consolidated Total Assets

x 100 x 100 x 100
x 100
x100

67

BOARD OF DIRECTORS, MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS

General

In its decision-making and administration, Kojamo adheres to Finnish laws and decrees, regulations and Kojamo's Articles of Association. In addition, Kojamo complies with the administrative principles laid down by the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2015 issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association and adopted by the Helsinki Stock Exchange, Kojamo is not under an obligation to follow the Corporate Governance Code as it has not issued any shares that are traded on the official list of the Helsinki Stock Exchange. However, Kojamo includes a Corporate Governance Report in its financial statements pursuant to the Securities Market Act.

Pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act and Kojamo's Articles of Association, control and administration in the company is divided among the shareholders presented at the annual general meeting, the Board of Directors and the CEO. The CEO is assisted by the Management Group.

Kojamo plc prepares annual consolidated financial statements, parent company financial statements, and interim reports in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards and the supplementary requirements of the Finnish accounting and corporation legislation.

Board of Directors

The Board of Directors supervises Kojamo's operations and management, deciding on significant matters concerning the company strategy, investments, organisation and finance in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended). The general duty of the Board of Directors is to act as the representative of all shareholders by governing Kojamo's operations in accordance with the Articles of Association, to ensure that it will generate the highest possible added value in the long term while taking into account the expectations of its various stakeholders.

The Board of Directors' duties further include:

 approving Kojamo Group's strategic plan, budget and investment and divestment plan;  deciding on major and strategically significant investments and realisations;  confirming any policies governing Kojamo, including personnel, financing and risk management
policies;  deciding on debt management policy for Kojamo Group, and on issuing any loans or guarantees;  confirming organisational changes within Kojamo as presented by the CEO;  confirming the work plan for the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee and appointing
the Chairpersons and Members for these committees; and  ensuring the appropriate organisation of risk management and internal audit within Kojamo Group.

The Board of Directors also appoints Kojamo's CEO and the Deputy CEO as well as the members to the Management Group and decides on the terms of their service. The Board of Directors has compiled a written working order for its operations, defining the main duties and operating principles of the Board.

At the date of this Prospectus, the Board of Directors of the Issuer, as elected by the annual general meeting of the Issuer on 27 March 2017, consists of the following persons:

Name:

Background:

Riku Aalto Born 1965, M.Sc. (Admin.)
Chairman of the Board

Finnish Metalworkers' Union, President, 2008­ Finnish Metalworkers' Union, Financial Manager, 2003­2008

Member of the Board since:
2003 (Chairman of the board since 2007)

68

Matti Harjuniemi Born 1958, MA
Member of the Board

Finnish Construction Trade Union, President 2005­ Teacher Joiner Department Secretary Assistant Department Manager

2010

Olli Luukkainen Born 1957, Ph.D. (Ed.)
Member of the Board

Trade Union of Education in Finland OAJ, President 2010­
Trade Union of Education in Finland OAJ, Head of Education 2009­ 2010, Development Manager 2007­2009
HAMK University of Applied Sciences, The School of Vocational Teacher Education at Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAOKK), Director 2004­2007
Association of Finnish Local and Regional Authorities, Development Manager 2004, Specialist 2001­2004
Finnish National Board of Education:
Head of Teacher Education Services Unit 2000­2001, Project Manager 1997­2000, Teacher, Director of school or institution both in general and vocational education

2011

Jorma Malinen Born 1959, Automation designer
Member of the Board

Trade Union Pro, President 2014­ STX Finland, Design Coordinator 1997­2014 Kvaerner Masa-Yards, Designer 1993­1997 Wärtsilä/Masa-Yards, Commissioning Engineer 1983­1992

2015

Mikko Mursula Born 1966, M.Sc. (Econ.)
Vice Chairman

Chief Investment Officer, Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company, 2015- FIM Oyj, Chief Executive Officer, 2013-2015
S-Bank, Head of Asset Management and Securities Broking Business, 2013-2015 FIM Asset Management, Managing Director, 2010-2015 Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company, Head of Listed Securities, 2007-2010
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company, Head of Equities, 2000-2007
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company, Portfolio manager, equities, 2000-2002 AG Private Bankers (1998­ Den Danske Bank), Partner, institutional sales, 1994-2000
Opstock Securities, Broker, Equities and Derivatives, 1993 KPMG Oy Ab, Auditor, 1992-1993

2016 (Vice Chairman since 2016)

Reima Rytsölä Born 1969, M.Soc.Sc., CEFA, AMP
Member of the Board

Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company, Executive Vice President, Investment 2015-
Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company, Chief Investment Officer,
2014-
Pohjola Bank Plc, Senior Executive Vice President, Banking, with Group-level responsibility for major corporate and institutional customers, 2008­2013
Pohjola Bank Plc and its subsidiaries, managerial and investment-related positions, 1998­2007

2014

69

Jan-Erik Saarinen Born 1967, MBA, Financing, Helsinki Business School
Member of the Board

Trade Union for the Public and Welfare Sectors JHL, Financial Manager, 2013­
Ajanta Oy, Director of Investments, 2010­2013
Working in business management and finance, 1998­2010, inc. Evli Bank plc, Trainers' House plc and 3C Asset Management Oy

2013

Ann Selin Born 1960, Trade Union Officer Qualification, eMBA
Member of the Board

Service Union United PAM, President, 2002­
Service Union United PAM, Regional Manager, 2000­2002
Business Sector Trade Union, Regional Supervisor, Occupational Safety Secretary and Youth Worker 1987­2000, various posts in the Union since 1976

2006

Board committees
Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee
Kojamo has two committees appointed by the Board of Directors; the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The Committees have no decision-making authority themselves; their purpose is to present issues within their remit to the Board of Directors or the annual general meeting for a decision. The Committees report regularly to the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors appointed the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee for 2017 from among its members. These committees have four members each.
The main task of the Audit Committee is to monitor Kojamo's financial position and oversee its financial reporting. The committee also assesses the sufficiency and adequacy of internal auditing and risk management as well as evaluating the Issuer's compliance with laws and regulations.
The current members of the Audit Committee are Mikko Mursula (chairman), Matti Harjuniemi, Jorma Malinen and Jan-Erik Saarinen. The Audit Committee convened four times during the financial year 2016, with an attendance rate of 94 per cent.
The main task of the Remuneration Committee is to prepare matters concerning the remuneration and benefits of Kojamo's CEO and Deputy CEO, and other matters concerning Kojamo's reward systems. In addition, the committee prepares matters relating to the remuneration of all other members of Kojamo's management and relating to its remuneration system.
The current members of the Remuneration Committee are Riku Aalto (chairman), Olli Luukkainen, Reima Rytsölä, and Ann Selin. The Remuneration Committee convened twice during the financial year 2016, with an attendance rate of 100 per cent.
Nomination Board
The annual general meeting appoints the Nomination Board, consisting of four members elected at the annual general meeting and the Chairman of the Board of Directors in an advisory capacity.
The annual general meeting is where members of the Board of Directors and/or the chairman of the Board are elected and/or the fees and and/or number of Board members are determined. Therefore, the main task of the Nomination Board is to prepare a proposal for these appointments before the meeting, to be submitted to the next annual general meeting.

70

The current members of the Nomination Board are Jarkko Eloranta (chairman), Ville-Veikko Laukkanen, Pasi Pesonen and Esko Torsti. In 2016, the Nomination Board met twice during the financial year, with an attendance rate of 100 per cent. The Nomination Board has met twice in 2017.

CEO
Kojamo's Board of Directors appoints the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Deputy CEO and the members of the Management Group. The CEO is responsible for running the operating activities of Kojamo Group in accordance with the Companies Act and the administrative regulations and as instructed and ordered by the Board of Directors. At the date of this Prospectus, the CEO of Kojamo is Jani Nieminen and the Deputy CEO is Erik Hjelt.
The CEO is responsible for Kojamo's business in general, and for ensuring that its operations are properly organised and its objectives achieved. The CEO reports to the Board of Directors on Kojamo's financial position and business environment, and on other significant matters relating to Kojamo's business operations. The CEO also chairs the Management Group.

Management Group
The Management Group supports the CEO in the preparation of Kojamo Group's strategy issues, in the handling of significant and fundamental operational issues, and in facilitating internal communications. The Management Group is responsible for implementing the Board of Directors' decisions under the leadership of the CEO. The Management Group convenes at about one week's intervals. At the date of this Prospectus, the Management Group consists of the following persons:

Name:

Background:

Jani Nieminen Born 1968 M.Sc.(Tech.), MBA
Chief Executive Officer

Kojamo plc, CEO 2011­ Realia Group Oy, Deputy to CEO 2006­2011 Sato Plc, Unit Manager 1997­2006

Member of the Management Group since:
2011

Erik Hjelt Born 1961 Licentiate in Laws, EMBA
Chief Financial Officer

Kojamo plc, CFO, Deputy to CEO, 2015­ Sponda Plc, CFO 2009­2015 Sponda Plc, SVP, Legal Affairs and Treasury 2007­2009 Kapiteeli Plc, SVP, Finance, Legal Affairs, HR and Communications 1999­2006 Asset Management Company Arsenal Plc, Chief Legal Counsel and VP 1994­1999

2015

Irene Kantor Born 1968, MA
Marketing and Communications Director

Kojamo plc, Marketing and Communications Director 2013­ DNA Oy, Communications Director 2012­2013 SEK Public Oy, CEO 2010­2012 Aidema Oy, CEO, owner 2006­2010 BNL Euro RSCG, Communications Consultant 2001­2006

2013

Mikko Suominen Born 1971 Master of Laws
Investments Director

Kojamo plc, Investments Director 2013­ Kojamo plc, Unit Manager, Investments 2009­2013 Kojamo plc, Investments Negotiator 2007­2009 Kojamo plc, Attorney 2002­2007

2013

Juha Heino Born 1960 B.Sc.

Kojamo plc, Customer Director 2011­ Kojamo plc, Unit Manager, Marketing, 2009­2011

2011

71

Customer Director, Customer Management

Kojamo plc, Marketing Manager 2008­2009 Realia Group Oy, sales management, 2003­2008 Kojamo plc, Marketing Manager 2002­2003 Sato Plc, Sales Manager 1997­2002

Kim Jolkkonen Born 1971 Licentiate of Science (Technology)
Real Estate Development Director

Kojamo plc, Real Estate Development Director 2013­ FCG Suunnittelu ja tekniikka Oy, CEO 2012­2013 Helsingin kaupungin asunnot Oy, Technical Manager 2011­2012 Vahanen-yhtiöt, Business Area Manager 2008­2011

2014

Mikko Pöyry Born 1956 M.Sc.(Tech.), M.Sc.(Econ.)
ICT and Development Director

Kojamo plc, ICT and Development Director 2011­
Kojamo plc, Information Management Director 2003­2010
Mecrastor Oy (Mecrastor PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, PwC Consulting Oy), Management Consultant, Consultant Director 1995­2002
Oy International Business Machines Ab, System Engineer, Sales Manager, Marketing Manager 1983­1995

2012

Business address

The business address of the members of the Board of Directors, CEO and the Management Group is c/o, Kojamo plc, Mannerheimintie 168a, FI-00300 Helsinki, Finland.

Absence of conflicts of interest

There are no (i) potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Kojamo of any member of the Board of Directors or the Management Group and their private interests and/or other duties; or (ii) arrangements or understandings with major shareholders, members, suppliers or others pursuant to which any member of the Board of Directors or the Management Group was elected.

Auditors

The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2016 appended to this Prospectus have been audited by KPMG Oy Ab under the supervision of principal auditor Esa Kailiala, Authorised Public Accountant, and for the financial year ended 31 December 2015 appended to this Prospectus have been audited by KPMG Oy Ab under the supervision of principal auditor Kai Salli, Authorised Public Accountant. The business address of the principal auditor and KPMG Oy Ab is Töölönlahdenkatu 3, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland.

72

SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE

According to the Articles of Association of Kojamo plc, its minimum capital is EUR 30,000,000 and its maximum capital EUR 120,000,000, within which limits the share capital may be raised or lowered without amending the Articles of Association. Under the Articles of Association, the Issuer's shares are divided into Series A and B shares. There may be no fewer than 1,000,000 and no more than 100,000,000 Series A shares. There may be no more than 100,000,000 Series B shares.

As at the date of this Prospectus, Kojamo has issued a total of 7,402,560 A shares and has a registered share capital of EUR 58,025,136.00, which is fully paid. As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no issued and outstanding B shares. The shares have no nominal value. At the annual general meeting, a Series A share carries 20 votes and a Series B share carries one vote.

The owners of Kojamo are Finnish investors, mostly institutions. There are altogether 53 shareholders in Kojamo, ten main shareholders of which are listed below with their respective ownership participation percentage as at 31 March 2017.

Shareholder Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company Finnish Metalworkers' Union Trade Union for the Public and Welfare Sectors Finnish Construction Trade Union Trade Union PRO Service Union United PAM Trade Union of Education in Finland OAJ Union of Industrial Employees TEAM Union of Health and Social Care Professionals TEHY Others Total

No. of Series A shares 1,338,076 1,256,981 717,780 646,320 615,300 554,591 554,180 552,482 443,270 102,560 621,020 7,402,560

Shareholding, % 18.08 16.98 9.70 8.73 8.31 7.49 7.49 7.46 5.99 1.39 8.38 100.00

To the extent known to the Issuer, the Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any person for the purposes of Chapter 2, Section 4 of the Finnish Securities Market Act (746/2012), and the Issuer is not aware of any arrangement the operation of which may result in a change of control of the Issuer.

73

TAXATION
Finnish tax considerations
General
The following is a general description of certain Finnish tax consequences relating to receipt of principal, interest and capital gains in respect of the Notes. This summary is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in Finland as at the date of this Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive effect. Investors should be aware that the comments below are of a general nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. The comments below relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and Coupons. Holders or prospective holders of Notes are therefore advised to consult their own qualified tax advisors so as to determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption, sale or other disposition of the Notes and Coupons.
Non-resident Holders of Notes and Coupons
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland may be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Resident Holders of Notes and Coupons
Taxable income is determined separately for business income, personal income and agricultural income. Repayments of principal on the Notes as well as the redemption or other sale of the Notes are treated as disposals (partial or full, depending on the case) of the Notes, potentially resulting in taxation on the capital gains/losses, as explained below.
(a) Corporates
For Finnish resident corporate entities, interest income and capital gains relating to the Notes are generally taxed at a flat rate of 20 per cent. (the current rate in 2017). The taxable capital gain is generally calculated by deducting the acquisition cost of the Notes from the payment received upon disposal of the Notes. Losses resulting from the disposal of the Notes in the context of business activity can be set off against income from the same income source during the year of the disposal and ten subsequent tax years. Capital losses resulting from the disposal of Notes from a personal income source can be set off against capital gains from disposals of other non-business assets derived during the tax year of the disposal and five subsequent years.
Payments made to corporates resident in Finland for tax purposes are made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
(b) Individuals and Estates
For a private person (and an estate of a deceased person) who is resident in Finland for tax purposes and is taxed in accordance with the Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended), interest income and capital gains relating to the Notes (including payments made by the Issuer) are generally taxed at the current (2017) capital income tax rate of 30 per cent. up to 30,000 and 34 per cent for any amounts exceeding 30,000. Capital gains are tax-exempt if all taxable sales proceeds received during a tax year in aggregate do not exceed 1,000. Correspondingly, capital losses are not deductible if the related acquisition costs in a tax year in aggregate do not exceed 1,000. Capital gains or losses are calculated
74

by deducting the aggregate of the acquisition cost and the expenses related to acquiring the gain or loss from the sales proceeds. Alternatively, instead of applying the actual acquisition cost, individuals and estates can choose to apply a so called presumptive acquisition cost, in which case no additional actual expenses can be deducted. The presumptive acquisition cost is 20 per cent and if the Notes have been owned for a period of at least ten years, 40 per cent of the payment received upon disposal of the Notes. Capital losses resulting from the disposal of such Notes, which do not belong to the business activities of individuals or estates, can generally be set off against capital income from non-business activities derived during the tax year of the disposal and five subsequent years.
Note that the separate tax rules applicable to Finnish tax resident private individuals whose income received from the Notes is taxed in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act (360/1968, as amended) are not dealt with in this description.
Payments of interest or interest compensation (secondary market compensation, in Finnish "jälkimarkkinahyvitys") made to Finnish tax resident individuals or estates are generally subject to advance withholding of income tax according to the Preliminary Tax Withholding Act (Ennakkoperintälaki 1118/1996, as amended). The withholding liability should primarily lie with any paying agent or other intermediary (such as a financial institution) effecting the payment to the holder of Notes or Coupons, if the paying agent or intermediary is resident in Finland for tax purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish permanent establishment of a non-resident paying agent or intermediary.
The Act on Withholding on Interest Income (Laki korkotulon lähdeverosta 1341/1990, as amended) should not be applicable to payments made under the Notes or the Coupons.
Gift and inheritance tax
Unless an applicable international tax treaty states otherwise, gift or inheritance taxes will arise in Finland with respect to a transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes, in case the donor/deceased person or the donee/beneficiary was a resident of Finland at the time of the gift/death. Subject to certain restrictions, the Finnish Inheritance and Gift Tax Act allows crediting the gift or inheritance tax, paid for the same property in some other country in case the donee/beneficiary is a resident in Finland. For the purposes of Finnish gift and inheritance taxes, a person who has his/her permanent home and dwelling in Finland, is deemed resident in Finland.
Transfer Taxation
A transfer of the Notes or Coupons is not subject to Finnish transfer taxation.
Value added tax (VAT)
No Finnish VAT will be payable by the holders of the Notes on (i) any payment in consideration for the issue of the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by the Issuer under the Notes.
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it shall not participate.
The Commission's Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at
75

least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EEA member states may decide to participate and certain of the participating Member States may decide to withdraw. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
76

SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Nordea Bank AB (publ), OP Corporate Bank plc and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) (together the Joint Bookrunners) have, pursuant to a Subscription Agreement (the Subscription Agreement) dated 15 June 2017, jointly and severally agreed to subscribe or procure subscribers for the Notes at the issue price of 99.559 per cent. of the principal amount of Notes. The Issuer has agreed to pay the Joint Bookrunners a combined management and underwriting commission, will reimburse the Joint Bookrunners in respect of certain of their expenses, and has also agreed to indemnify the Joint Bookrunners against certain liabilities, incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes. The Subscription Agreement may be terminated in certain circumstances prior to payment of the Issuer.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.
Each Joint Bookrunner has agreed that, except as permitted by the Subscription Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Closing Date within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer that is not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
United Kingdom
Each Joint Bookrunner has represented and agreed that:
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
The Republic of Finland
Each Joint Bookrunner has represented and agreed that it will offer the Notes in the Republic of Finland only to qualified investors as defined in the Finnish Securities Market Act (746/2012, as amended) and in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus or passport a prospectus into the Republic of Finland pursuant to the Finnish Securities Market Act or any regulation made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time.
77

General No action has been taken by the Issuer or any of the Joint Bookrunners that would, or is intended to, permit a public offer of the Notes in any country or jurisdiction where any such action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, each Joint Bookrunner has undertaken that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes or distribute or publish any Prospectus, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other document or information in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all offers and sales of Notes by it will be made on the same terms.
78

GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has in its meetings on 24 May 2017 duly authorised the Issuer's management to decide on the issue of the Notes. Based on such authorisation, the Issuer's management has on 24 May 2017 decided to issue the Notes.
Listing
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Main Securities Market; however, no assurance can be given that such application will be accepted. It is expected that admission of the Notes to the Official List and to trading on the Main Securities Market will be granted on or about 19 June 2017, subject only to the issue of the Notes.
The total expenses related to the admission to trading of the Notes are expected to be approximately EUR 12,300.
Applicable Finnish Law
In Finland, Kojamo plc is subject to various Finnish laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006, as amended), the Finnish Accounting Act (1336/1997, as amended), the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012, as amended) and the Finnish Penal Code (39/1889, as amended), as well as various rules and regulations of Finnish authorities and non-governmental bodies (including but not limited to the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority, the Finnish Competition and Consumer Authority, Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd stock exchange and the Finnish Securities Market Association). Kojamo plc is also subject to regional and supranational regulations, most notably EU legislation. This list of laws and regulations does not aim to be comprehensive and lists only some general legislation applicable to Kojamo plc.
Listing Agent
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc or to trading on the Main Securities Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive.
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The ISIN for this issue is XS1628004779 and the Common Code is 162800477. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
No significant change
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer or the Group since 31 March 2017 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2016.
Auditors
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Oy Ab, members of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants, who have audited the Issuer's consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2015 and 31 December 2016, in accordance with good auditing practice under the
79

Auditing Act in Finland, and have issued unqualified audit reports in respect of those financial statements. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer.
U.S. tax The Notes (other than the Temporary Global Note) and Coupons will contain the following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code."
Documents Available For so long as the Notes are outstanding, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection in electronic form from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London: (a) the constitutional documents the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); (b) the consolidated and non-consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the
financial years ended 31 December 2015 and 31 December 2016, in each case, together with the auditors' reports in connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares audited consolidated and nonconsolidated accounts on an annual basis; (c) the consolidated unaudited interim financial reports of the Issuer in respect of the three months ended 31 March 2017 and 31 March 2016. The Issuer currently prepares unaudited consolidated interim accounts on a quarterly basis; (d) the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer, together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares unaudited reviewed consolidated interim accounts on a quarterly basis; and (e) the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.
Joint Bookrunners transacting with the Issuer Certain of the Joint Bookrunners and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.
Yield On the basis of the issue price of the Notes of 99.559 per cent. of their principal amount, the yield on the Notes is 1.567 per cent. on an annual basis. The yield is calculated on the Closing Date on the basis of the issue price of the Notes. It is not an indication of future yield.
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue of the Notes Save for the commissions described under "Subscription and Sale", so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.
80

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Financial Statements of Kojamo Group Unaudited interim financial statements of Kojamo Group as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2017.............................................................................................................. F-2 Consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report of Kojamo Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2016........................................................................................................... F-19 Consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report of Kojamo Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2015........................................................................................................... F-89
F-1

UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF KOJAMO GROUP AS OF AND FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2017
F-2

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT, IFRS
F F--3 3

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET, IFRS
FF--44

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS, IFRS
M Cash flow from operating activities Profit for the period Adjustments Change in net working capital Interest paid Interest received Other financial items Taxes paid Net cash flow from operating activities
Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of investment properties Acquisition of associated companies Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Proceeds from sale of investment properties Proceeds from sale of associated companies Proceed from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Purchases of financial assets Proceeds from sale of financial assets Non-current loans, granted Repayments of non-current receivables Interest and dividends received on investments Net cash flow from investing activities
Cash flow from financing activities Non-current loans, raised Non-current loans, repayments Current loans, raised Current loans, repayments Dividends paid Net cash flow from financing activities
Change in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period

1-3/2017
46.9 -3.3 -0.9 -8.5 0.1 -0.2 -4.1 30.0
-74.0
-0.1 69.8
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.1 -4.2
87.0 -69.3 34.0 -87.3
-35.6
-9.7
132.0 122.3

1-3/2016
44.0 -2.1 1.2 -11.1 0.2 -0.1 -3.0 29.1

1-12/2016
232.3 -46.6
-1.8 -38.0
0.7 -2.7 -41.4 102.4

-50.7
0.0 45.3
0.0
-13.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 0.1
-17.2

-421.8 0.0 -0.1
89.9 0.6 0.0
-28.0 14.0 -0.4
0.2 0.4 -345.1

5.4 -44.4 102.8 -56.2
7.5
19.4
118.6 138.0

482.6 -154.9 390.1 -358.0 -103.6 256.1
13.4
118.6 132.0

F-5

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY, IFRS

Mt Equity at 1 Jan 2017 Comprehensive income
Cash flow hedging Available-for-sale financial assets Result for the financial period Total comprehensive income Transactions with shareholders Dividend payment Total transactions with shareholders Changes in shareholdings Total change in equity Equity at 31 Mar 2017
ME Equity at 1 Jan 2016 Comprehensive income
Cash flow hedging Available-for-sale financial assets Result for the financial period Total comprehensive income Transactions with shareholders Dividend payment Total transactions with shareholders Changes in shareholdings Total change in equity Equity at 31 Mar 2016
ME Equity at 1 Jan 2016 Comprehensive income
Cash flow hedging Available-for-sale financial assets Result for the financial period Total comprehensive income Transactions with shareholders Dividend payment Total transactions with shareholders Changes in shareholdings Total change in equity Equity at 31 Dec 2016

Share capital
58_0

Share issue premium
35_8

58.0

35.8

Share capital
58.0

Share issue premium
35.8

58.0

35.8

Share capital
58.0

Share issue premium
35.8

58.9

35.8

Fair value reserve 432

Invested nonrestricted
equity reserve 17_9

7.2 D.1

7.2

72 -33.0

17.9

Fair value reserve
-32.6

Invested nonrestricted
equity reserve
17.9

-16.3 0.1

-16.1

-16.1 -48.8

17.9

Fair value reserve -32.6

Invested nonrestricted
equity reserve 17.9

-7.9 13

-7.6

-7.6 -40.2

17.9

Retained earnings
1,788_0

Equity attri-

butable to

share-

holders of the

parent Non-controlling

company

interests

1,8594

10

Total equity 1,8595

46.9 46.9

7.2 0.1 469 54.1

7.2

0.1

46.9

0.0

54.1

-50.3 -50.3

-50.3 -50.3

-50.3 -50.3

-35 1,784.6

18 1,863.3

10

18

0.0

1,863.3

Retained earnings
1,659.4

Equity attri-

butable to

share-

holders of the

parent Non-controlling

company

interests

1,738.5

0.6

Total equity 1,739.1

44.0 44.0

-16.3 0.1
44.0 27.9

-16.3 0.1
44.0 27.9

-37_0 -31.0

-37.0 -31.0

-37_0 -31.0

7.0

-9.1

1,666.4

1,729.3

0.6

Retained earnings
1,659.4

Equity attri-

butable to share-
holders of the

parent Non-controlling

company

interests

1,7385

0.6

-9.1 1,729.9
Total equity 1,739.1

232.3 232.3

-7.9 13 232.3 224.7

-7.9

0.3

0.0

232.3

0.0

224.7

-103.6 -103.6
128.6 1,788.0

-103.6 -103.6
121.0 1,859.5

-103.6

0.0

-103.6

-0.6

-0.6

-0.6

120.5

0.0

1,859.5

NOTES TO THE INTERIM REPORT
Since 1 January 2015, Kojamo has prepared its consolidated financial statements, including the Interim Reports, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs).
1. Accounting policies
Basis for preparation
These interim financial statements are prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting and IFRS standards.
The preparation of IFRS financial statements requires application of judgement by Kojamo's management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported

F-6

amounts of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet date and the reported amounts of income and expenses for the financial year. Management has to make judgements also when applying the accounting policies of the Group. As the estimates and related assumptions are based on management's view at the end of the interim period, they include risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used. Below are presented the most significant items of the interim financial statements where judgement has been applied by management, as well as the assumptions about the future and other key uncertainty factors in estimates at the end of the reporting period which create a significant risk of change in the carrying amounts of Kojamo Group's assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
 Classification of properties in the Group's operating activities as well as classification of investment property acquisitions either as business combinations or asset acquisitions
 Recognition principle of deferred taxes  Classification of financial instruments  Classification of long-term leases into operating leases  Fair value measurement of investment property: In the consolidated financial
statements, the determination of the fair value of investment property is the key area that involves the most significant uncertainty factors arising from the estimates and assumptions that have been used. The determination of the fair value of investment property requires significant management discretion and assumptions, particularly with respect to market prices and amounts of future rental income. Kojamo Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate under those circumstances, and for which sufficient data is available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
The figures for the income statement and balance sheet are consolidated. The figures in the report are rounded, and consequently the sum of individual figures may deviate from the aggregate amount presented. The Interim Report is unaudited.
General recognition and measurement principles for investment property
Investment property refers to an asset (land, building or part of a building) that Kojamo Group retains to earn rental income or capital appreciation, or both. An investment property can be owned directly or through an entity. Properties used for administrative purposes are owner-occupied property and included in the balance sheet line item "Property, plant and equipment". An investment property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by an entity. This distinguishes investment property from owner-occupied property.
Investment property is measured initially at acquisition cost, including related transaction costs, such as transfer taxes and professional fees, as well as capitalised expenditure arising from eligible modernisation. The acquisition cost also includes related borrowing costs, such as interest costs and arrangement fees, directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of an investment property. The capitalisation of borrowing costs is based on the fact that an investment property is a qualifying asset, i.e., an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale. The capitalisation commences when the construction of a new building or extension begins and continues until such time as the asset is substantially ready for its intended use or sale. Capitalisable borrowing costs are either directly attributable costs accrued on the funds borrowed for a construction project or costs attributable to a construction project.
F-7

After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. The resulting changes in fair values are recognised in profit or loss as they arise. Fair value gains and losses are presented netted as a separate line item in the income statement. According to IFRS13, fair value refers to the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid for transferring a liability in an ordinary transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
Some of the investment property is subject to legislative divestment and usage restrictions. The so-called non-profit restrictions apply to the owning company, and the so-called property-specific restrictions apply to the investment owned. The non-profit restrictions include, among other things, permanent restrictions on the company's operations, distribution of profit, lending and provision of collateral, and the divestment of investments. The property-specific restrictions include fixed-term restrictions on the use of apartments, the selection of residents, the determination of rent and the divestment of apartments.
Kojamo's investment property portfolio incorporates the completed investment property, investment property under construction and under major renovation, and Kojamo Group's plot reserve. Properties classified as trading properties as well as properties classified as held for sale are included in the Group's property portfolio, but excluded from the balance sheet item "Investment properties". A property is reclassified from "Investment properties" under "Trading properties" in the event of a change in the use of the property, and under "Investment property held for sale", when the sale of an investment property is deemed highly probable.
An investment property is derecognised from the balance sheet on disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Gains and losses on disposals are presented netted as a separate line item in the income statement.
Fair value hierarchy
Inputs used in determining fair values (used in the valuation techniques) are classified on three levels in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy is based on the source of inputs.
 Level 1 inputs ­ Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investment property.
 Level 2 inputs ­ Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the investment property, either directly or indirectly.
 Level 3 inputs ­ Unobservable inputs for investment property.
An investment property measured at fair value is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement. The fair value measurement for all of the investment property of Kojamo Group has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value, as observable market information for the determination of fair values has not been available.
Investment property held for sale
If the sale of an operative investment property is deemed highly probable, such a property is transferred from the balance sheet item "Investment property" to "Investment property held for sale". On that date, the carrying amount of the property is considered to be recovered principally through a sales transaction rather than through
F-8

continuing use in rental. Reclassification requires that a sale is deemed highly probable, i.e.
 the investment property is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject to usual and customary terms
 management is committed to an active plan to sell the property and Kojamo has initiated a programme to locate a buyer and complete the plan
 the property is actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value
 the sale should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within 12 months of the date of classification.
Investment property held for sale is recognised at fair value. Trading properties Trading properties include properties meant for sale which do not meet the objectives of the company due to their location, type or size. A property is reclassified from the balance sheet item "Investment properties" under "Trading properties" in the event of a change in the use of the property. This is evidenced by the commencement of development with a view to sale. If an investment property is being developed with a view to a sale, it will be accounted for as a trading property. Trading properties are measured at the lower of the acquisition cost or the net realisation value. The net realisation value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business deducted by the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. If the net realisation value is lower than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. When a trading property becomes an investment property measured at fair value, the difference between the fair value on the transfer date and its previous carrying amount is recognised in the income statement under "Profit/loss on sales of trading properties". Kojamo Group's trading properties include mainly single apartments ready for sale, business premises and parking facilities that are meant for sale but have not been sold by the end of the reporting period.
F-9

2. Segment information
F F--1 10 0

F F--1111

3. Investment properties

M Fair value of investment properties, at 1 Jan Acquisition of investment properties Modernisation investments Disposals of investment properties Capitalised borrowing costs Transfer to own use Valuation gains/losses on fair value assessment Fair value of investment properties, at 31 Mar

31 Mar 2011 4,298.9 61_1 3_3 -69_1 0_6 0_0 215 4,318.3

31 Mar 2016 3,999.2 38_8 4_6 -351_0 0A-0_ T 14.1 3,705.3

31 Dec 2016 3,999.2 664_9 29_3 -559_0 l_T -0_1 1613 4,298.9

The above fair values include the investment properties classified into Non-current assets held for sale on 31 March 2017, totalling EUR 3.9 (183.2) million.

The Group has acquisition agreements for new development and renovations, presented in Note 8.

Value development of investment property results from investments, changes in market prices and parameters used in valuation as well as from expiry of restrictions on some properties.

Some of the investment properties are subject to legislative divestment and usage restrictions. Usage and divestment restrictions are mainly related to balance sheet value properties and usage restrictions to yield value properties. The so-called non-profit restrictions apply to the owning company, and the so-called property-specific restrictions apply to the investment owned. The non-profit restrictions include, among other things, permanent restrictions on the company's operations, distribution of profit, lending and provision of collateral, and the divestment of investments. The property-specific restrictions include fixed-term restrictions on the use of apartments, the selection of residents, the determination of rent and the divestment of apartments.
Measurement principles of investment property
Investment property is measured initially at its acquisition cost, including related transaction costs. Subsequently it is measured at fair value, and the resulting changes in fair values are recognised in profit or loss as they arise. Fair value refers to the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid for transferring a liability in an ordinary transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

The fair value of investment property determined by Kojamo Group is based on transaction value, income value and acquisition cost.
Transaction value
Properties of which apartments can be sold by Kojamo Group without restrictions are measured using transaction value. The value as of the measurement date is based on actual sales prices of comparable apartments for the two preceding years. The source of market data applied by Kojamo Group is the price tracking service provided by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies (KVKL), including pricing information on sales of individual apartments in Finland provided by real estate agents. If necessary, the resulting transaction value is individually adjusted based on the condition, location, and other characteristics of the property.

F-12

Income value (yield value)
Yield value is applied when a property is required to be kept in rental use based on state-subsidised loans (so-called ARAVA loans) or interest subsidy loans, and it can be sold only as an entire property and to a restricted group of buyers. In the yield value method, the fair value is determined by capitalising net rental income, using a property-specific required rate of net rental income. The method also considers the impact of future renovations and the present value of any interest subsidies.
Acquisition cost
Kojamo Group estimates that the acquisition cost of properties under construction, interest subsidised (long-term) rental properties and state-subsidised rental properties (so-called ARAVA properties) approximate their fair values. State-subsidised and interest subsidised (long-term) rental properties are carried at original acquisition cost, deducted by the depreciation accumulated up to the IFRS transition date and any impairment losses.

Sensitive analysis of investment properties Change % Properties measured at market values Change in market prices (M) Properties measured at yield values Yield requirement (M) Lease income (M) Maintenance costs (M)
Financial Occupancy rate (change in procent points)
Rent income

-10 % -337.2
57.2 -85.3 30.1
-2 % -1.4

-5 %

31 Mar 2017 0%

-168.6

27.1 -42.6 15.1

-1 %

0%

-0.7

5% 168.6 -24.5
42.6 -15.1
1% 0.7

10 % 337.2 -46.8
85.3 -30.1
2% 1.4

All of Kojamo Group's investment properties are classified into the fair value hierarchy level 3 in accordance with IFRS 13. Hierarchy level 3 includes assets, the fair value of which is measured using input data concerning the asset that are not based on observable market data.
4. Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment M Book value, beginning of period Increases Decreases Depreciations for accounting period Transfer from Investment properties Book value, end of period

31 Mar 2017 31.0 0.0
-0.2
30.8

31 Mar 2016 31.2 0.0 -0.3 -0.2 0.7 31.5

31 Dec 2016 31.2 0.1 -0.3 -0.7 0.7 31.0

F-13

5. Interest-bearing liabilities
Non-current M Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans Market-based loans Other loans Total
Current M Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans Market-based loans Other loans Commercial papers Total
Total interest-bearing liabilities

31 Mar 2017 271.6 59.3
1,53T6 3.3
1,811.8

31 Mar 2'016 217.6 67.5 958.7 16
1,247.3

31 Dec 2016 271.2 60_3
1,461.2 3.4
1,796.1

31 Mar 2011 47.9 1.1 71.9 6.9 87.9
215.8

31 Mar 2016 49.8 1.8 45.0 6.9 155.8 259.4

31 Dec 2'016 53.6 1_3
1216 7.0
141_3 326.8

2,087.6

1,506.1

2,122.8

6. Derivatives

Fair values of derivative instruments

M Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedges Interest rate swaps, not in hedge accounting Interest rate options, not in hedge accounting

Positive
4.0 0.0 0.0

Electricity derivatives

0.1

Total

4.1

Nominal values of derivative instruments

31 Mar 2017 Negative
-51.4 -2.8 -6.3
-0.7
-61.2

31 Mar 2016 Net

31 Dec 2016 Net

-47.4 -2.8 -6.3

-61.2 0.0
-10.1

-56.9 -3.0 -6.5

-0.6

-1.6

-0.4

-57.1

-72.9

-66.8

Mt Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedges Interest rate swaps, not in hedge accounting Interest rate options, not in hedge accounting Total

31 Mar 2011 31 !Jar 2016 31 Dec 2016

1,09T9 19.1
104_1 1,221.7

110.1 0.0
38.0 748.1

1,107.0 61.6
104.7 1,273.3

Electricity derivatives, MWh

174,405

250,714

196,367

F-14

The interest risk of the market loans and commercial papers is hedged with interest rate derivatives according to Kojamo Group's treasury policy. The targeted hedging ratio is 50­100%. The hedging ratio was 79 (72) per cent at the end of the review period and the average maturity of the interest rate derivatives was 6.3 (7.2) years.

7. Fair values of financial instruments Fair values of financial assets and liabilities by category

MC Financial assets Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives Available-for-sale financial assets
Measured A amortised cost Loans and receivables Trade receivables
Financial liabilities Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives
Measured at amortised cost Other interest-bearing liabilities Band Trade payables
M Financial assets Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives Available-for-sale financial assets
Measured at amortised cost Loans and receivables Trade receivables
Financial liabilities Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives
Measured A amortised cost Other interest-bearing liabilities Band Trade payables

Carrying value

total

LEVEL 1

31 Mar 2017

LEVEL 2

LEVEL 3

Fair value total

4.0

4-.0

0.1

0.1

46.5

44.0

2_0

4_0

0_1

0.5

46_5

23.1 42

23.1

23_1 42

-60.4 -0.7

-60.4 -0.7

-60.4 -0.7

1,789.6 298.0 7.3

Carrying value

total

LEVEL 1

1,790.0 300.0

31 Cec 2016

LEVEL 2

LEVEL 3

1,790.0 300.0 7.3
Fair value total

2.2

2.2

2.2

0.2

0.2

0.2

46.5

419

ZO

0.6

46.5

23.1 42

211

211 42

-68_6 -0.5
1_824_9 297_9 19_3

-68_6 -0_5
1825_4 300_0

-68_6 -0.5
1825.4 300_0 19_3

The fair value of loans is the same as their nominal value. There have not been any changes between fair value hierarchy levels during the reporting period.
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified into three fair value hierarchy levels in accordance with the reliability of the valuation technique:

F-15

Level 1: The fair value is based on market prices for identical instruments quoted in an active market.
Level 2: A market price quoted on the active market exists for similar instruments. The price may, however, be derived directly or indirectly from quoted price information.
Level 3: There is no active market for the instrument, the fair value cannot be reliably derived and input data used for the determination of fair value is not based on observable market data.

Level 3 reconciliation

M Beginning of period Deductions End of period

31 Mar 2017 0.6 0.0 0.5

31 Dec 2016 0.5 0.0 0.6

Non-current assets held for sale on hierarchy level 3 are investments in unlisted securities. They are measured at cost, as their fair value cannot be reliably measured in the absence of an active market.
8. Collateral and contingent liabilities

ME Loans covered by pledges on property and shares as a collateral Mortgages Shares')
Pledged collaterals total

31 Mar 2017
1,962.5 2,349A
326A 2,675.7

31 Mar 2016
1.487.0 2.0273
216.9 2,244.2

31 Dec 2016
1,986_5 2,446_2
312_0 2,758.1

Other collaterals given Mortgages and shares Guarantees" Pledged deposits Other collaterals total

5.9 456.2
0.2 462.2

12.8 428.0
440.9

5_8 479_9
02 485.9

ME New construction in-process Preliminary agreements for new construction Renovation Total

31 Mar 2017 154.9 187.7 21.2 363.8

31 Mar 2016 108.2 190.7 29.4 328.3

31 Dec 2016 136.8 206_0 17_1 359.9

*) Pledged mortgages and shares relate in some cases to same properties. **) Guarantees given mainly relate to parent company guarantees given on behalf of Group companies' loans, and these loans are also given mortgages as collaterals.

F-16

9. Non-current assets held for sale
M Investment properties Investments in associated companies Receivables Liquid assets Assets total
Liabilities Trade and other payables Liabilities total
Net asset value

31 Mar 2017 3.9
3.9
0.0 3.9

31 Mar 2016 183.2 3.0 1.1
187.3
135.1 1.9
137.0
50.2

31 Dec 2016 70.6
0.1
70.7
0.1 0.9 1.0
69.7

Key figures and formulas used in their calculation

Revenue, M Net rental income, M % revenue Profit before taxes, M  Operative result, M  Investment properties, M E l} Financial occupancy rate, % Interest-bearing liabilities, M  2} Return on equity, % (ROE) Return on investments, % (ROI) Equity ratio, % Loan to Value, % 311 Earnings per share,  Equity per share,  Gross investments, M Number of personnel, end of period

1-3/2017 816 52_6 62_9 58_3 26_6
4,318_3 96_8
2,087_6 10_1 7_0 40.6 45_2 6_33
251.71 65_0 296

1-3/2016 95_9 60_8 63_4 54_3 34_0
3,705_3 96_9
1,506_7 102 7_6 43.5 38_5 5.95
233.61 417. 293

2016 351.5 222.0
63.2 289.7 116.9 4,298.9
97.4 2,122.8
12.9 8.8
40.7 46.7 31.38 251.20 696.0 286

Including items held for sale Does not include items held for sale The calculation formula is changed 2016 and the comperative figures adjusted to corresbond to the current calculation method

F-17

Formulas used in the calculation of the key figures

Operative result

= Result for the period - gains/losses on sales of properties - fair value change in investment properties - taxes on the adjustments

Return on equity (ROE), %

= Profit for the period Total equity (average during the period)

x 100

Return on investment (ROI), %

= Profit before taxes + interests and other financial expenses Balance sheet total - Non-interest-bearing liabilities (average during the period)

x 100

Equity ratio, %

= Total equity Balance sheeet total - Advanced received

x 100

Loan to Value, %

= Interest-bearing liabilities - Cash Investment properties + Property, plant and equipment

x 100

Earnings per share, 

= Earnings attributable to equity holders Number of shares at the end of the financial period

Shareholders' equity per share, 

= Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company Number of shares at the end of the financial period

F-18

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR'S REPORT OF KOJAMO GROUP AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2016
F-19

Consolidated income statement, IFRS

M

Note

Total revenue

Maintenance expenses

Repair expenses

Net rental income

Administrative expenses

5, 7

Other operating income

4

Other operating expenses

4

Profit/loss on sales of investment properties

4

Profit/loss on sales of trading properties

Fair value change of investment properties

11

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment

losses

6

Operating profit / loss

Financial income

Financial expenses

Total amount of financial income

and expenses

8

Share of result from associated companies

Profit before taxes

Current tax expense

9

Change in deferred taxes

9

Profit/loss for the period

Profit of the financial period attributable to Shareholders of the parent company Non-controlling interests

Earnings per share based on profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company

Basic, euro

10

Diluted, euro

10

Average number of the shares, millions

10

1­12/2016
351.5 -90.3 -39.1 222.0 -37.4
2.3 -3.1 -10.4 0.1 163.3
-1.2 335.6
2.4 -48.4
-46.0 0.1
289.7 -35.4 -22.1 232.3
232.3 0.0
31.38 31.38
7.4

1­12/2015
370.9 -97.0 -46.5 227.4 -39.7
2.1 -0.4 2.7 0.0 70.3
-1.2 261.2
7.8 -44.8
-37.1 0.6
224.7 -22.1 -23.2 179.4

Consolidated statement of the comprehensive income

M

Note

1­12/2016

Profit/loss for the period

Other comprehensive income

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

Cash flow hedgings

8

Available-for-sale financial assets

Deferred taxes

9

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

Total comprehensive income for the period

Total comprehensive income attributable to Shareholders of the parent company Non-controlling interests

232.3
-9.9 0.4 1.9
-7.6 224.7
224.7 0.0

179.3 -0.1

24.23 24.23
7.4

1­12/2015 179.4
4.6 -1.6 -0.6
2.4 181.8
181.7 -0.1

F-20

VVO Group plc

Consolidated balance sheet, IFRS

M
ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets Investment properties Property, plant and equipment Investments in associated companies Financial assets Non-current receivables Derivatives Deferred tax assets Non-current assets total Investment properties held for sale Current assets Trading properties Derivatives Current tax assets Trade and other receivables Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents Current assets total
ASSETS TOTAL
SHAREHOLDER' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company Share capital Share issue premium Fair value reserve

Note
13 3, 11
12
14 15
16
3, 11
17 22
18 14 19

31 Dec 2016
0.8 4,228.3
31.0 1.2 0.6 5.6 2.0
15.4 4,284.8
70.7
0.9 0.3 7.7 6.8 69.0 132.0 216.7
4,572.2

31 Dec 2015
1.1 3,464.9
31.2 1.0 0.5 2.2
12.0 3,513.1
541.0
1.0
1.7 8.8 54.6 116.0 182.0
4,236.1

M
Invested non-restricted equity reserve Retained earnings Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company Non-controlling interests Total equity
LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Derivatives Provisions Other non-current liabilites Non-current liabilities total Liabilities held for sale Current liabilities Current liabilities Derivatives Current tax liabilities Trade and other payables Current liabilities total Total liabilities TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

20

58.0

58.0

35.8

35.8

-40.2

-32.6

F-21

Note

31 Dec 2016 17.9
1,788.0
1,859.5
1,859.5

31 Dec 2015 17.9
1,659.4
1,738.5 0.6
1,739.1

21

1,796.1

1,259.8

16

453.4

429.8

22

68.3

48.4

23

1.0

0.9

23

7.1

7.1

2,325.9

1,746.0

3

1.0

467.1

21

326.8

234.7

22

0.9

1.3

9.9

9.9

24

48.3

38.0

385.8

283.9

2,712.6

2,497.1

4,572.2

4,236.1

VVO Group plc

Consolidated statement of cash flows, IFRS

M

Note

Cash flow from operating activities

Profit for the period

Adjustments

27

Change in net working capital

Interest paid

Interest received

Other financial items Taxes paid

Net cash flow from operating activities

Cash flow from investing activities

Acquisition of investment properties Acquisition of associated companies
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

Proceeds from sale of investment properties Proceeds from sale of associated companies
Proceed from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

Purchases of financial assets Proceeds from sale of financial assets Non-current loans, granted Repayments of non-current receivables Interest and dividends received on investments

Net cash flow from investing activities

1­12/2016
232.3 -46.6
-1.8 -38.0
0.7 -2.7 -41.4 102.4
-421.8 0.0
-0.1 89.9
0.6
0.0 -28.0 14.0
-0.4 0.2 0.4 -345.1

1­12/2015
179.4 9.0 0.0
-42.4 0.6 -0.5
-24.8 121.3
-230.9
-0.5 15.4
0.0

M
Cash flow from financing activities Non-current loans, raised Non-current loans, repayments Current loans, raised Current loans, repayments Dividends paid Net cash flow from financing activities
Change in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period *)

Note

*) Includes cash and cash equivalents related to assets held for sale

1­12/2016
482.6 -154.9 390.1 -358.0 -103.6 256.1
13.4
118.6
132.0

-39.0 53.7 -0.2
0.5 1.3
-199.8

1­12/2015
195.9 -134.2 252.3 -209.1
-22.2 82.7
4.2
114.4
118.6

F-22

VVO Group plc

Consolidated statement of changes

in shareholders' equity, IFRS

Equity

attributable to

Invested non-

shareholders

Share

Shareissue

Fair value restricted equity

Retained

of the parent

M

capital

premium

reserve

reserve

earnings

company

Equity at 1 Jan 2016 Comprehensive income
Cash flow hedging Available-for-sale financial assets Result for the financial period Total comprehensive income Transactions with shareholders Dividend payment Total transactions with shareholders Changes in shareholdings Total change in equity
Equity at 31 Dec 2016

58.0 58.0

35.8

-32.6
-7.9 0.3
-7.6

35.8

-7.6 -40.2

17.9 17.9

1,659.4
232.3 232.3 -103.6 -103.6 128.6 1,788.0

1,738.5
-7.9 0.3 232.3 224.7
-103.6 -103.6
121.0 1,859.5

Noncontrolling
interests
0.6

Total equity 1,739.1

-7.9

0.3

0.0

232.3

0.0

224.7

-103.6

0.0

-103.6

-0.6

-0.6

-0.6

120.5

0.0

1,859.5

F-23

VVO Group plc

M
Equity at 1 Jan 2015 Comprehensive income
Cash flow hedging Available-for-sale financial assets Result for the financial period Total comprehensive income Transactions with shareholders Dividend payment Total transactions with shareholders Total change in equity Equity at 31 Dec 2015

Share capital
58.0

Shareissue premium
35.8

Fair value reserve

Invested nonrestricted equity
reserve

-35.0

17.9

3.7 -1.3

2.4

58.0

35.8

2.4 -32.6

17.9

Retained earnings

Equity attributable to
shareholders of the parent
company

1,502.3

1,579.0

Noncontrolling
interests
0.5

Total equity 1,579.5

179.3 179.3
-22.2 -22.2 157.1 1,659.4

3.7 -1.3 179.3 181.7
-22.2 -22.2 159.5 1,738.5

3.7

-1.3

0.1

179.4

0.1

181.8

-22.2

0.0

-22.2

0.1

159.6

0.6

1,739.1

F-24

VVO Group plc

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

1. Accounting policies for consolidated financial statements
Basic information of the Group VVO Group plc is Finland's largest market-based, private housing investment company that offers rental apartments and housing services in Finnish growth centres. Its range of apartments is extensive. On 31 December 2016, the Group owned 34,974 rental apartments across Finland. Of these, 31,108 are Lumo apartments and 3,866 are VVO apartments.
VVO Group's parent company, VVO Group plc, is a Finnish company domiciled in Helsinki. Its registered address is Mannerheimintie 168, 00300 Helsinki, Finland. The Board of Directors approved the financial statements for 2016 on 3 March 2017. A copy of the consolidated financial statements is available at www.vvo.fi/en or the parent company head office.
In its meeting on 3 March 2017, VVO Group plc's Board of Directors has approved these financial statements to be published. According to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act, the shareholders may approve or reject the financial statements in a General Meeting held after the publication of the financial statements.

Moreover, the General Meeting may make a decision on altering the financial statements.
Basis of preparation These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs). All IFRS and IAS, as well as SIC and IFRIC interpretations in force on 31 December 2016 and approved by the EU for application have been applied to the preparation of the financial statements. The International Financial Reporting Standards refer to the standards and associated interpretations in the Finnish Accounting Act and in regulations issued under it that are approved by the EU for application in accordance with the procedure laid down in Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002. VVO has not early adopted any standards or interpretations. The notes to the consolidated financial statements are also in accordance with the requirements of the Finnish accounting and corporate legislation supplementing the IFRS rules.
The figures in the consolidated financial statements are in euro, presented mainly as million euro. All the figures presented are rounded. Consequently, the sum of individual figures may deviate from the ag-

gregate amount presented. The key figures have been calculated using exact values. The consolidated financial statements are presented for the calendar year, which is also the reporting period for the parent company and the Group.
Investment properties, derivative instruments and available-for-sale financial assets are measured at fair value after initial recognition. In other respects, the consolidated financial statements are prepared on the basis of original acquisition cost, unless otherwise stated in the accounting policies.
Consolidation policies The consolidated financial statements include the parent company VVO Group plc, the subsidiaries, interests in joint arrangements (joint operations) and investments in associated companies.
More detailed information on entities consolidated on the consolidated financial statements for 2016 is provided in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.
Subsidiaries Subsidiaries are companies that are under the parent company's control. VVO is considered to control an entity when VVO is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns

from its involvement in the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its control over the entity. The control is usually based on the parent company's direct or indirect holding of more than 50 per cent of the voting rights in the subsidiary. Should facts or circumstances change in the future, VVO will reassess whether it continues to have control over the entity.
Mutual shareholdings are eliminated using the acquisition cost method. Subsidiaries acquired during the financial year are consolidated in the financial statements from the day of acquisition, when the Group gained control of the company. Divested subsidiaries are consolidated until the date of divestment, when control ceases. Intra-Group transactions, receivables, liabilities, essential internal margins and internal profit distribution have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.
The result for the financial year and total comprehensive income are allocated to the owners of the parent company and non-controlling interests, and this allocation is presented in the income statement and comprehensive income. The result for the financial year and total comprehensive income are allocated to the owners of the

F-25

VVO Group plc

parent company and to non-controlling interests even in situations where the allocation would result in the non-controlling interests' share being negative, unless non-controlling interests have an exemption not to meet obligations which exceed non-controlling interests' investment in the company. Equity attributable to non-controlling interests is presented on the balance sheet separate from equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company.
Joint arrangements A joint arrangement is an arrangement in which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
A joint arrangement is either a joint operation or joint venture. In a joint operation, VVO has rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement, whereas a joint venture is an arrangement in which VVO has rights to the net assets of the arrangement. All of VVO's joint arrangements are joint operations. They include those housing companies and mutual real estate companies in which VVO has a holding of less than 100 per cent. In these companies, the shares held by VVO carry entitlement to control over specified premises.

VVO includes in its consolidated financial statements on a line-by-line basis and in proportion to its ownership its share of the assets and liabilities on the balance sheet related to joint operations, as well as its share of any joint assets and liabilities. In addition, VVO recognises its income and expenses related to joint operations, including its share of the income and expenses from joint operations. VVO applies this proportional consolidation method to all the joint operations described above, regardless of the Group's holding. If the proportionally consolidated companies have such items on the consolidated comprehensive income statement or balance sheet that solely belong to VVO or other owners, these items are dealt with accordingly also in VVO's consolidated financial statements.
Associated companies Associated companies are entities over which VVO has considerable influence. Considerable influence is basically defined as VVO holding 20­50 per cent of the votes in the company or VVO is otherwise exercising considerable influence but does not have control in the company. Holdings in associated companies are consolidated in the financial statements using the equity method from the date of acquiring considerable influence until the date when the considerable influence ends. VVO's share of the re-

sults of associated companies is shown on a separate line on the income statement.
Business combinations and asset acquisition Acquisitions of investment properties by VVO are accounted for as an acquisition of asset or a group of assets, or a business combination within the scope of IFRS 3 Business Combinations. Reference is made to IFRS 3 to determine whether a transaction is a business combination. This requires the management's judgment.
IFRS 3 is applied to the acquisition of investment property when the acquisition is considered to constitute an entity that is treated as a business. Usually, a single property and its rental agreement does not constitute a business entity. To constitute a business entity, the acquisition of the property should include acquired operations and people carrying out these operations, such as marketing of properties, management of tenancies and property repairs and renovation.
The consideration transferred in the business combination and the detailed assets and accepted liabilities of the acquired entity are measured at fair value on the acquisition date. Goodwill is recognised at the amount of consideration transferred, interest of non-controlling shareholders in the acquiree and previously held interest in the acquiree minus VVO's share

of the fair value of the acquired net assets. Goodwill is not amortised, but it is tested for impairment at least annually.
Acquisitions that do not meet the definition of business in accordance with IFRS 3 are accounted for as asset acquisitions. In this event, goodwill or deferred taxes, etc., are not recognised.
Translation of foreign currency items Transactions in foreign currency are recorded in EUR at the exchange rate on the transaction date. On the last date of the reporting period, monetary receivables and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into EUR at the exchange rate of the last date of the reporting period. Gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in foreign currency and from translating monetary items are recognised in profit or loss, and they are included in financial income and expenses. Consolidated financial statements are presented in EUR, which is the parent company's functional and presentation currency.
The Group has very few transactions denominated in foreign currencies. VVO has no units abroad.

F-26

VVO Group plc

Investment properties
General recognition and measurement principles for investment property Investment property refers to an asset (land, building or part of a building) that VVO retains to earn rental income or capital appreciation, or both. An investment property can be owned directly or through an entity. Properties used for administrative purposes are owner-occupied property and included in the balance sheet line item "Property, plant and equipment". An investment property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by an entity. This distinguishes investment property from owner-occupied property.
Investment property is measured initially at acquisition cost, including related transaction costs, such as transfer taxes and professional fees, as well as capitalised expenditure arising from eligible modernisation. The acquisition cost also includes related borrowing costs, such as interest costs and arrangement fees, directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of an investment property. The capitalisation of borrowing costs is based on the fact that an investment property is a qualifying asset, i.e. an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale. The capitalisation commences when the construction of a new building or extension begins

and continues until such time as the asset is substantially ready for its intended use or sale. Capitalisable borrowing costs are either directly attributable costs accrued on the funds borrowed for a construction project or costs attributable to a construction project.
After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. The resulting changes in fair values are recognised in profit or loss as they arise. Fair value gains and losses are presented netted as a separate line item in the income statement. According to IFRS 13, Fair value measurement, fair value refers to the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
Some of the investment properties are subject to legislative divestment and usage restrictions. The so-called non-profit restrictions apply to the owning company, and the so-called property-specific restrictions apply to the investment owned. The non-profit restrictions include, among other things, permanent restrictions on the company's operations, distribution of profit, lending and provision of collateral, and the divestment of investments. The property-specific restrictions include fixed-term restrictions on the use of apartments, the selection of residents, the determination of rent and the divestment of apartments.

VVO's investment property portfolio incorporates the completed investment property, investment property under construction and under major renovation and VVO Group's plot reserve. Properties classified as trading properties as well as properties classified as held for sale are included in the Group's property portfolio but excluded from the balance sheet item "Investment properties". A property is reclassified from "Investment properties" under "Trading properties" in the event of a change in the use of the property, and under "Investment property held for sale", when the sale of an investment property is deemed highly probable.
An investment property is derecognised from the balance sheet on disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Gains and losses on disposals are presented netted as a separate line item in the income statement.
In the property measurement model, the properties within the scope of balance sheet value and income value methods will be moved to the transaction value method after their property-specific restrictions end. The change of the valuation technique affects the fair value of the property.

Valuation techniques The fair value of investment property determined by VVO is based on transaction value, income value and acquisition cost.
Transaction value Properties of which apartments can be sold by VVO Group without restrictions are measured using transaction value. The value as of the measurement date is based on actual sales prices of comparable apartments for the two preceding years. The source of market data applied by VVO Group is price tracking service provided by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies (KVKL), including pricing information on sales of individual apartments in Finland provided by real estate agents. The resulting transaction value is individually adjusted based on the condition, location, and other characteristics of the rental property.
Income value (yield value) Yield value is applied when a property is required to be kept in rental use based on state-subsidised loans (so-called ARAVA loans) or interest subsidy loans, and it can be sold just as an entire property and to a restricted group of buyers. In the yield value method, the fair value is determined by capitalising net rental income, using a property-specific required rate of net rental income. The method also considers the im-

F-27

VVO Group plc

pact of future renovations and the present value of any interest subsidies.
Acquisition cost (Balance sheet value) VVO Group estimates that the acquisition cost of properties under construction, interest subsidised (long-term) rental properties and state-subsidised rental properties (so-called ARAVA properties) approximate their fair values. State-subsidised and interest subsidised (long-term) rental properties are carried at original acquisition cost, deducted by the depreciation accumulated up to the IFRS transition date and any impairment losses.
Fair value hierarchy Inputs used in determining fair values (used in the valuation techniques) are classified on three levels in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy is based on the source of inputs.
Level 1 inputs Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investment property.
Level 2 inputs Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the investment property, either directly or indirectly.

Level 3 inputs Unobservable inputs for investment property.
An investment property measured at fair value is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement. The fair value measurement for all of the investment property of VVO has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value, as observable market information for the determination of fair values has not been available.
Investment properties classified as held for sale If the sale of an operative investment property is deemed highly probable, such a property is transferred from the balance sheet item "Investment property" to "Investment property held for sale". On that date, the carrying amount of the property is considered to be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use in rental. Reclassification requires that a sale is deemed highly probable and:
· the investment property is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject to usual and customary terms

· management is committed to an active plan to sell the property and VVO has initiated a programme to locate a buyer and complete the plan
· the property is actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value
· the sale should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within 12 months of the date of classification.
Investment properties classified as held for sale are measured at fair value.
Trading properties Trading properties include properties meant for sale which do not meet the objectives of the company due to their location, type or size. A property is reclassified from the balance sheet item "Investment properties" under "Trading properties" in the event of a change in the use of the property. This is evidenced by the commencement of development with a view to sale. If an investment property is being developed with a view to a sale, it will be accounted for as a trading property.
Trading properties are measured at the lower of the acquisition cost or the net realisation value. The net realisation value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business deducted by the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. If

the net realisation value is lower than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised.
When a trading property becomes an investment property measured at fair value, the difference between the fair value on the transfer date and its previous carrying amount is recognised in the income statement under "Profit/loss on sales of trading properties".
VVO's trading properties include mainly single apartments ready for sale, business premises and parking facilities that are meant for sale but have not been sold by the balance sheet date.
Property, plant and equipment Property, plant and equipment are measured at their original acquisition cost, less accumulated depreciation and possible impairment losses, adding capitalised costs related to modernisations. VVO's property, plant and equipment consist mainly of buildings, land and machinery and equipment.
The acquisition cost includes costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the property, plant and equipment item. If the item consists of several components with different useful lives, they are treated as separate items of property, plant and equipment. In this case, costs related to the replacement of a component are capitalised, and any remaining carrying amount is derecognised from the balance

F-28

VVO Group plc

. .. .

sheet in connection with the replacement. Government grants received for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment are recorded as a reduction of the acquisition cost of said property, plant and equipment asset. The grants are recognised in income as lower depreciation charges over the useful life of the asset.
Costs that arise later as a result of additions, replacements of parts or maintenance, such as modernisation costs, are included in the carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment asset only in the event that the future financial benefit related to the asset will probably benefit VVO and the acquisition cost can be reliably determined. Maintenance and repair expenses are recognised immediately through profit and loss.
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognised as straight-line depreciation during the useful life. No depreciation is charged on land, as land is considered to have an indefinite useful life.
The depreciation periods according to plan, based on the useful life, are as follows:
Buildings ....................................... 67 years Machinery and equipment in buildings .............................. 10­50 years Office machinery and equipment... 4 years Cars .................................................. 4 years

Gains and losses from sales and disposals of property, plant and equipment are recognised in the income statement and presented as other operating income and expenses.
Intangible assets Intangible assets are recognised in the balance sheet only in the event that the acquisition cost of the asset can be reliably determined and the expected future financial benefit related to the asset will probably benefit VVO. Any other costs are immediately recognised as expenses. Intangible assets are valued at acquisition cost less amortisation and any impairment loss. The Group's intangible assets consist of licences and IT systems. Intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with a time limit are amortised over the life of the contract. The amortisation periods for intangible assets are four to five years.
Research costs are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs are recognised as intangible assets in the balance sheet, providing that they can be reliably determined, the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, it will probably generate financial benefit in the future and the Group has the resources required for completing the research work and for using or selling the intangible asset.

The residual value, useful life and amortisation method of the asset are checked at least at the end of each financial year. When necessary, they are adjusted to reflect changes in the expectations on financial benefit.
VVO's consolidated balance sheet did not include goodwill in the periods being presented.
Impairment of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment At least once a year, VVO carries out an assessment of possible signs of impairment of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment. In practice, this is usually an asset group-specific assessment. If any signs of impairment are detected, the recoverable amount of the asset is determined.
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. The value in use is based on the expected future net cash flows resulting from the asset, discounted to the present. The recoverable amount is compared with the asset's carrying amount. An impairment loss is recognised if the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the statement of income. In connection with the recognition of the impairment loss, the useful life of the amortisable/depreciable asset is reassessed.

The impairment loss will be reversed later if the circumstances change and the recoverable amount has increased after the recognition of the impairment loss. However, reversal of impairment loss shall not exceed the asset's carrying amount less impairment loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill cannot be reversed under any circumstances.
Financial assets and liabilities VVO applies the following principles to the classification of financial assets and liabilities and their recognition, derecognition and measurement.
The fair value hierarchy related to the fair value determination of financial assets and liabilities is similar to the hierarchy described in the Fair value hierarchy note to the consolidated financial statements.

F-29

VVO Group plc

Financial assets have been classified as follows for the determination of measurement principles:

Financial asset group
1. Financial assets recognised at fair value through profit or loss

Instruments
Derivative instruments: interest rate and electricity, non-hedge accounting

Measurement principle
Fair value, changes in value are recognised in the income statement

2. Available-for-sale financial a) Investments in unlisted

assets

securities

a) Original acquisition cost less impairment losses

b) Investments in other instruments with a reliably determinable fair value: fund investments and investments in bonds

b) Fair value, changes in value are basically recognised through other comprehensive income less impairment losses

3. Loans and other receivables

Sales and loan receivables, fixed-term deposits and similar receivables

Amortised cost

4. Held-to-maturity investments

Bonds and similar assets

Amortised cost

The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired and takes place at initial recognition. Transaction costs are included in the original carrying amount of financial assets for items that are not measured at fair value through profit and loss. At the end of the financial year, VVO had no held-to-maturity investments. All purchases and sales of financial assets and liabilities are recognised on the transaction date, which is the

date on which the VVO undertakes to purchase or sell the financial instrument. Financial assets are derecognised from the balance sheet when VVO has lost its contractual right to the cash flows or when it has transferred a significant part of the risks and yield outside the Group.
Financial assets recognised at fair value through profit or loss VVO uses derivative instruments only for

hedging purposes. Those derivative instruments that do not meet the requirements of IAS 39 Financial instruments: Recognition and Measurement concerning the application of hedge accounting, or if VVO has decided not to apply hedge accounting to the instrument, are included in financial assets or liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss. These instruments are classified as held for trading.
Derivative instruments are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently recognised at fair value on the last day of each reporting period.
VVO's derivative instruments consist of interest rate derivatives and electricity derivatives. The Group uses interest rate derivatives to hedge its interest rate risk exposure related to long-term loans. This refers to changes caused by fluctuating market interest rates to future interest payment cash flows (cash flow hedging) and resulting volatility in profits. The purpose of electricity derivatives is to limit fluctuations in the Group's result caused by changing electricity prices. The positive fair values of derivative instruments are recognised in the balance sheet under non-current or current receivables.
Available-for-sale financial assets Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated to this category or not classified in any oth-

er financial asset category. They are included in non-current assets, unless the investment matures or the company intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the reporting date.
Available-for-sale financial assets are measured at fair value. If the fair value cannot be reliably determined (unlisted securities), they are measured at cost less any impairment loss. The fair value is determined using quoted market rates and market prices and other appropriate valuation methods, such as recent transaction prices. Fair value changes of available-for-sale financial assets are recognised as other comprehensive income and presented in the fair value reserve net of tax. When a financial asset classified as available for sale is sold or an impairment is recognised on it, the cumulative change in fair value is transferred from equity and recognised through profit or loss.
Loans and other receivables Loans and other receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments. They do not have quoted market prices and they are not held for trading. Loans and other receivables include VVO's financial assets obtained by handing over cash, goods or services directly to a debtor. VVO's loans and other receivables consist of sales receivables and other receivables.

F-30

VVO Group plc

Loans and other receivables are initially measured at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. They are included in current financial assets if they mature within 12 months of the end of the reporting period. Otherwise, they are included in non-current financial assets.
Held-to-maturity investments Held-to-maturity investments are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or definable related payments. They mature on a given date and VVO firmly intends and is able to keep them until this date. They are measured at amortised cost less any impairment loss, using the effective interest method. They are included in non-current assets, providing that they do not mature within 12 months of the end of the reporting period.
Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and other liquid assets. Cash equivalents include bank deposits that can be raised on demand and other short-term highly liquid investments, such as interest securities. Items classified as cash equivalents mature within three months of the date of acquisition. They are readily convertible to a known amount of cash, and the risk of changes in value is insignificant. The cash and cash equivalents of non-profit companies are kept separate from those of other companies.

Impairment of financial assets At the end of each reporting period, VVO assesses whether there is objective evidence of the impairment of any single financial asset or group of assets. `Objective evidence' may refer to evidence such as a significant or long-lasting decrease in the value of an equity instrument, falling below the instrument's acquisition cost. Impairment loss is immediately recognised in the income statement. If the value is later restored, the reversal of the impairment is recognised in equity for equity instruments and through profit or loss for other investments.
Sales receivables are amounts that arise from renting our apartments. VVO recognises an impairment loss on an individual sales receivable when there is objective evidence that VVO will not be able to collect the full amount due. Credit losses are included in other operating expenses. Subsequent recoveries of amounts recognised as expenses are credited against other operating expenses in the income statement.
A financial liability is classified as current unless VVO has the unconditional right to defer the payment of the debt to at least 12 months from the end of the reporting period. Financial liabilities, or parts thereof, are not derecognised from the balance sheet until the debt has extinguished, i.e. once the contractually specified obligation is discharged or cancelled or expires.

Financial liabilities are classified as follows:

Financial liability group
1. Financial liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss

Instruments
Derivative instruments: interest rate and electricity, non-hedge accounting

Measurement principle
Fair value, changes in value are recognised in the income statement

2. Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (other financial liabilities)

Various debt instruments

Amortised cost

Financial liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss Financial liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss include electricity derivatives and those interest rate derivatives that are not subject to hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39. Realised and unrealised gains and losses from changes in fair value are recognised in the income statement in the period in which they have arisen. In the balance sheet, the negative fair values of interest rate derivatives and electricity derivatives are included in non-current or current liabilities.
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (other financial liabilities) Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are initially recognised at fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of loans, such as arrangement fees that can be allocated to a particu-

lar loan, are deducted from the original amortised cost of the loan. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The difference between the proceeds and the redemption value is recognised as financial cost through profit and loss over the loan period.
Derivative instruments and hedge accounting VVO Group uses interest rate derivatives to hedge its exposure to changes in future interest payment cash flows concerning longterm loans. The majority of interest rate derivatives is subject to cash flow hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39. Fluctuations in the Group's result caused by changing electricity prices are restricted by using electricity derivatives. Electricity derivatives are not subject to hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39, even though

F-31

VVO Group plc

these instruments are used for hedging. Derivative instruments are initially rec-
ognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into, and they are subsequently recognised at fair value.
At the beginning of the hedging relationship, the Group documents the relationships between each hedging instrument and hedged item as well as the objectives of risk management and the hedging strategy. The hedge effectiveness is assessed both at the beginning of and during hedging in all financial statements. This includes demonstrating whether the derivatives are effective in reversing the changes in the cash flows of the hedged items.
Changes in the fair values of derivatives within hedge accounting are recognised in components of other comprehensive income insofar as the hedging is effective. Changes in value are reported in fair value reserve in equity. Interest payments arising from interest rate derivatives are recognised in interest costs. If market interest rates are negative, interest rate swap hedges may lead to a situation in which both fixed and variable interest must be paid, and both of these interests are recognised in interest costs. The ineffective portion of a hedge is immediately recognised in financial items in the income statement. The gains and losses accumulated in equity are recognised in the income statement at the same time with the hedged item.

Changes in value from derivatives not included in hedge accounting are recognised in financial items through profit and loss.
Government grants VVO may receive various grants for its operations from different representatives of public administration. State-subsidised loans granted by the State Treasury constitute the most important form of government grants. VVO may receive a state-subsidised low-interest loan for specific properties supported by the government. The actual net interest rates of these loans may be lower than interest expenses of market-based loans. The interest advantage obtained through the support from government is therefore netted into interest expenses in accordance with IAS 20 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance and is not shown as a separate item in interest income.
Government grants are recognised only where it is reasonably certain that they will be received and VVO meets the criteria attached to the grant. Public grants are accounted for as part of the effective interest rate of the loan in question. The amount of government grants was low in the financial year.
Borrowing costs Borrowing costs are usually recognised as financial costs in the financial year during which they are incurred. However, borrow-

ing costs attributable to qualifying assets, that is, mainly borrowing costs attributable to VVO's investment properties, such as interest costs and arrangement fees, directly resulting from the acquisition or construction of the above assets, are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. The capitalisation principles of borrowing costs are described in more detail in section 1.2.1 of the Accounting policies for consolidated financial statements, General recognition and measurement principles for investment property.
Equity An equity instrument is any contract that demonstrates a residual interest in VVO's assets after deducting all of its liabilities. The share capital consists of the parent company's ordinary shares classified as equity. Transaction costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are presented in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
Where any Group company purchases parent company's shares (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any directly attributable transaction costs (net of taxes), is deducted from equity attributable to the owners of the parent company, until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable transaction

costs and net of taxes, is directly recognised in equity attributable to the owners of the parent company.
Dividend distribution to the parent company's shareholders is recognised as a liability in the consolidated balance sheet in the period in which the dividends are approved by the company's General Meeting of Shareholders.
Provisions and contingent liabilities Provisions are recognised in the balance sheet when all the following criteria are met: · VVO has a present legal or constructive
obligation as a result of past events · it is probable that an outflow of
resources will be required to settle the obligation · the amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated.
Provisions may result from restructuring plans, onerous contracts or obligations related to the environment, legal action or taxes. The Group's provisions on 31 December 2016 consisted ten-year guarantee reserves for VVO Kodit Oy's (VVO Rakennuttaja Oy's) founder construction. Their amount is based on VVO's experience of costs arising from the realisation of such liabilities.
The amount recognised as provision is the management's best estimate of costs required for settling an existing obliga-

F-32

VVO Group plc

tion on the last day of the reporting period. Where it can be expected some of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.
A contingent liability is a potential obligation resulting of past events and may be incurred depending on the outcome of an uncertain future event that is beyond the Group's control (such as the result of pending legal proceedings). In addition, an existing obligation that will probably not require meeting the liability to pay or the amount of which cannot be reliably determined is considered as a contingent liability. Contingent liabilities are presented in the notes.
Turnover and revenue recognition principles VVO's turnover consists of rental income and charges for utilities. The turnover has been adjusted with indirect taxes and sales adjustment items. In addition, VVO recognises income for the selling of investment properties and financial income.
VVO's turnover consists mainly of rental income from investment properties. Rental agreements of investment properties with VVO as the lessor are classified as other rental agreements, as VVO retains a substantial proportion of the risks and rewards of ownership. Most of the rental agree-

ments are in force until further notice. Rental income accrued from other rental agreements is distributed evenly across the rental period. As a lessor, VVO does not have rental agreements that could be classified as financial leasing agreements.
Relating to the rental agreements, VVO collects utility charges, mainly sauna fees. This income is allocated to the period during which the related cost is recognised as expense.
Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method, and dividend income is recognised when a right to receive payment has arisen.
An existing property owned by VVO is considered as sold, once the substantial risks and rewards associated with ownership have been transferred from VVO to the buyer. This usually takes place when control over shares is transferred. Income from selling property is presented in the income statement under Profit/loss on sales of investment properties.
Other operating income Other operating income includes income not related to the actual business. It includes items such as sales profit from intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, as well as income from debt collection activities.

Net rental income Net rental income is calculated by deducting property maintenance and repair costs from turnover. These expenses comprise maintenance and annual repair costs arising from the regular and continuous maintenance of the properties and are recognised immediately in the income statement.
Operating profit IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements does not define the concept of operating profit. At VVO, operating profit is defined as the net amount after adding other operating income to net rental income, then deducting sales and marketing expenses, administrative expenses and other operating expenses, the share in profits of associated companies and amortisation, depreciation and impairment, and then adding/deducting gains/losses from the disposal of investment properties, from assessment at fair value, and from the disposal of trading properties. All the other income statement items except those mentioned above are presented below operating profit. Changes in the fair values of derivative instruments are included in the business result if they arise from items related to business operations; otherwise they are recognised in financial items.

Employee benefits The Group's employee benefits include the following: · short-term employee benefits · post-employment benefits · termination benefits (benefits provided
in exchange for the termination of an employment) · other long-term employee benefits.
Short-term employee benefits Wages, salaries, fringe benefits, annual leave and bonuses are included in shortterm employee benefits.
Post-employment benefits (pension plans) Post-employment benefits are payable to employees after the completion of employment. At VVO, these benefits are related to pensions. Pension coverage in the Group is arranged through external pension insurance companies.
Pension schemes are classified as defined contribution and defined benefit plans. VVO has only defined contribution schemes. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which VVO pays fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the payee does not hold sufficient assets to pay out all pension benefits. Pension plans that are not defined contribution plans are defined benefit plans. Payments made in-

F-33

VVO Group plc

to defined contribution systems are recognised through profit and loss in the periods that they concern.
Termination benefits Termination benefits are not based on work performance but the termination of employment. These benefits consist of severance payments. Termination benefits result either from the Group's decision to terminate the employment or the employee's decision to accept the benefits offered by VVO in exchange for the termination of employment.
Other long-term employee benefits VVO has a remuneration scheme that covers the entire personnel, entitling them to benefits after a specific number of years of service. The discounted present value of the obligation resulting from the arrangement is recognised as a liability in the balance sheet on the last day of the reporting period
Operating leases
Group as lessee Leases in which the risks and rewards of ownership substantially remain with the lessee are accounted for as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases are recognised as expense through profit and loss as balance sheet items over the lease term. More information about VVO's operating leases is available in Note 26 to

the consolidated financial statements (Operating leases).
Income tax
Recognition and measurement principles The tax expense in the income statement comprises current tax and the change in deferred tax liabilities and receivables. Income tax is recognised in profit and loss, except when income tax is related to items recognised directly in equity or components of other comprehensive income. In this event, the tax is also included in these items.
Current taxes are calculated from taxable profit determined in Finnish tax legislation with reference to a valid tax rate, or a tax rate that is in practice approved by the balance sheet date. Taxes are adjusted by possible taxes related to previous years.
As a rule, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the liability method. Acquisitions of individual assets as defined in IAS 12.15 b constitute an exception to this rule. In VVO, these assets include such investment property acquisitions that do not meet the criteria of business entities and are therefore classified as asset acquisitions.
The most significant temporary difference in the Group is the difference be-

tween the fair values and tax bases of investment properties owned by VVO. After the initial recognition, the investment property is measured at fair value through profit and loss at the end of the reporting period. Other temporary differences arise, for example, from the measurement of financial instruments at fair value.
A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available to VVO against which temporary differences can be utilised. The eligibility of the deferred tax asset for recognition is reassessed on the last day of each reporting period. Deferred tax liabilities are usually recognised in the balance sheet in full.
Deferred taxes are determined applying those tax rates (and tax laws) that will probably be valid at the time of paying the tax. Tax rates in force on the last day of the reporting period are used as the tax rate, or tax rates for the year following the financial year if they are in practice approved by the last day of the reporting period.
Accounting policies that require management's judgement and key sources of estimation uncertainty
Management's judgement related to the application of the accounting policies The preparation of financial statements in accordance with the IFRS requires VVO's

management to make judgement-based decisions on the application of the accounting policies, as well as estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of reported assets, liabilities, income and expenses and the presented notes.
Management's judgment-based decisions affect the choice of accounting policies and their application. This particularly applies to cases for which the current IFRS norms include alternative recognition, measurement or presentation methods.
VVO's management must make judgement-based decisions when applying the following accounting policies:
Classification of properties: VVO classifies its property portfolio into investment properties, trading properties and investment properties held for sale, in accordance with the principles described above. For instance, determining when selling is considered to be very likely in different circumstances requires judgement from the management. The classification has an effect on the financial statements, as the character of the intended use of a property held by VVO affects the content of the required IFRS financial statements information.
Classification of long-term leases: Long-term leases are classified as finan-

F-34

VVO Group plc

cial leases or operating leases. These leases signed by VVO with different municipalities have been analysed and on the basis of the analyses VVO has deemed them to be operating leases. This is based on the management's opinion that the significant risks and rewards associated with these lease arrangements are not transferred to VVO. More information about VVO's operating leases is available in Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements (Operating leases).
Business acquisitions and asset acquisitions: Acquisitions of investment properties are classified either as acquisitions of asset or assets (IAS 40) or business combinations (IFRS 3). If the acquisition of an investment property involves other operations in addition to the property, it is considered as a business combination.
Deferred tax assets: Determining whether to recognise a deferred tax asset on the balance sheet requires the management's judgement. A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available to VVO against which deductible temporary differences or tax losses carried forward can be utilised. A deferred tax asset recognised in a previous reporting period is recognised as an expense in the

income statement, if VVO is not expected to accrue enough taxable income to utilise the temporary differences or unused losses that constitute the basis for the deferred tax asset.
Recognition principle of deferred taxes: As a rule, the deferred tax for investment properties measured at fair value is determined assuming that the temporary difference will reverse through selling. VVO can usually dispose of an investment property either by selling it in the form of property or by selling the shares in the company, such as a housing company.
Exception to the initial recognition of deferred taxes: As a rule, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities. An exception to this principal rule is constituted by acquisitions of single investment properties, which are not considered to meet the definition of business according to IFRS 3. In this case, they are classified as asset acquisitions, for which no deferred tax is recorded in the balance sheet at initial recognition. Therefore, the classification of property acquisitions described above has an effect on the recognition of deferred taxes.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty The estimates and related assumptions are based on VVO's historical experience and other factors, such as expectations concerning future events. These are considered to represent the management's best understanding at the time of evaluation and believed to be reasonable considering the circumstances. The actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in the financial statements. Estimates and related assumptions are continually evaluated. Changes in accounting estimates are recorded for the period for which the estimate is being checked, if the change in the estimate concerns only that period. If the change in the estimate concerns both the period in question and later periods, the change in the estimate is recorded both for the period in question and the future periods.
Below are presented the most significant sections of the financial statements where the judgement described above has been applied by management, as well as the assumptions about the future and other key uncertainty factors in estimates at the end of the reporting period which create a significant risk of change in the carrying amounts of VVO's assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
The key sources of estimation uncertainty concern the following sections of the financial statements:

Fair value measurement of investment property: In VVO's consolidated financial statements, the determination of the fair value of investment property is the key area that involves the most significant uncertainty factors arising from the estimates and assumptions that have been used. The determination of the fair value of investment property requires significant management discretion and assumptions, particularly with respect to return requirements, vacancy rates, the development of rent levels and the comparability of transaction values in relation to the property being evaluated. More information about the fair value determination for VVO's investment properties is available in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements (Investment properties).
VVO uses valuation techniques that are appropriate under those circumstances, and for which sufficient data is available to measure fair value. VVO aims to maximise the use of relevant observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs.
Determination of the fair value and impairment of financial instruments: If there is no active market for the financial instrument, judgement is required to determine fair value and impairment. External mark to market valuations may be used for some interest rate derivatives. Recognition of impairment is considered if the im-

F-35

VVO Group plc

pairment is significant or long-lasting. If the amount of impairment loss decreases during a subsequent financial year and the decrease can be considered to be related to an event occurring after the recognition of impairment, the impairment loss will be reversed. More information about VVO's financial instruments is available in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements (Values of financial assets and liabilities by category).
New and revised standards and interpretations to be applied in subsequent financial years IASB has issued new and amended standards and interpretations, the application of which is mandatory in financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2017. VVO has not applied these standards and interpretations to the preparation of these consolidated financial statements. The Group will adopt them as of the effective date or, if the date is other than the first day of the financial year, from the beginning of the subsequent financial year.
New IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (effective for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2018): The new standard replaces the current IAS 18 and IAS 11 standards and related interpretations. IFRS 15 includes a five-step model for recognising revenue: to which amount and when it is recognised. Revenue is recognised as control is passed, ei-

ther over time or at a point in time. The standard also increases the number of notes presented. In 2016, VVO assessed the impact of the change by analysing the key concepts of IFRS 15 with regard to the company's cash flows. Due to the nature of the company's business, the change of the standard will not have a material impact on VVO's consolidated financial statements.
New IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (effective for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2018): The standard replaces the existing standard IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. IFRS 9 includes revised guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. This also covers a new expected credit loss model for determining impairment on financial assets. The requirements concerning general hedge accounting have also been revised. The requirements on recognition and derecognition of financial instruments from IAS 39 have been retained. The Group will start applying the standard as of 1 January 2018. The implementation of the re-classification and measurement of financial assets or new hedge accounting principles will result in some changes in current recognition practices, but their impact is minor when compared to the financial statements. It is also estimated that along with the IFRS 9 standard, hedge accounting can be applied more extensively. Changes

in impairment principles will mainly affect expected credit losses recorded for sales receivables. The Group estimates that the impact will not be material.
New IFRS 16 Leases (effective for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2019): The standard replaces the currently applied IAS 17 standard and related interpretations. The IFRS 16 standard requires lessees to record leases in the balance sheet as a lease liability and a related asset. Recording in the balance sheet is highly similar to the accounting for financial leasing in accordance with IAS 17. There are two exemptions to recording in the balance sheet, applicable to short-term leases with a lease term of 12 months or less and assets with a value of USD 5,000 or less. For lessors, the accounting will largely remain as defined in the current IAS 17. The Group has started to assess the impact of the standard. The assessment is expected to be completed in 2017.
The adoption of the other amended standards and interpretations is not expected to have any material effect on the Group's financial statements.
2. Operating segment information An operating segment is a component of VVO Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses. Separate financial information is available about it and VVO's chief op-

erating decision-maker evaluates it on a regular basis in order to make decisions on the allocation of resources to the segment and to assess its performance.
VVO Group's business operations are divided into two segments: Lumo and VVO.
The Lumo segment contains the Group's parent company VVO Group plc and the group companies VVO Kodit Oy, VVO Vuokratalot Oy and VVO Palvelut Oy, as well as those other group companies in whose apartments the restrictions on the determination of rent, related to the ARAVA and interest subsidy legislation, will end by the close of 2018. Some of the housing included in the Lumo segment is subject to property-specific restrictions in accordance with the ARAVA Act.
The group companies in whose apartments the restrictions on the determination of rent, related to the ARAVA and interest subsidy legislation, will end after 2018 belong to the VVO segment. The companies of the VVO segment are subject to the profit distribution restriction, and they can pay their owner an eight per cent return on own funds invested in them that have been confirmed by the Housing Finance and Development Centre of Finland (ARA). The return payable from the annual profits of companies subject to revenue recognition restrictions totals approximately EUR 2.2 million. Some of the housing in the VVO segment is not subject to property-spe-

F-36

VVO Group plc

cific restrictions in accordance with the ARAVA Act.
The principles for preparing operating segment information are the same as the accounting principles for the Group.

Group consolidation measures include mainly expenses, assets and liabilities of the Group's joint operations.

Group

VVO

Lumo

VVO consolidation Group Total

M

1­12/2016 1­12/2016

methods 1­12/2016

Rental income Sales income, other Internal income Total revenue Maintenance expenses Repair expenses Net rental income Administrative expenses Other operating income Other operating expenses Profit/loss on sales of investment properties Profit/loss on sales of trading properties Fair value change of investment properties Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses Operating profit / loss

288.4 1.7 1.0
291.1 -72.3 -28.5 190.3 -31.7
1.8 -0.7
-1.2
0.1 159.3
-1.2 316.8

61.1 0.3 0.1
61.5 -18.1 -10.6 32.8
-6.8 0.5 -2.5
-10.0
0.0 4.0
0.0 18.1

0.4

349.9

-0.4

1.6

-1.2

0.0

-1.2

351.5

0.1

-90.3

0.0

-39.1

-1.0

222.0

1.0

-37.4

0.0

2.3

0.0

-3.1

0.7

-10.4

0.0

0.1

0.0

163.3

0.0

-1.2

0.7

335.6

Group

VVO

Lumo

VVO consolidation Group Total

M

1­12/2016 1­12/2016

methods 1­12/2016

Financial income Financial expenses Total amount of financial income and expenses Share of result from associated companies Profit before taxes Current tax expense Change in deferred taxes Profit/loss for the period
Investments
Investment properties Investments in associated companies Investment properties held for sale Liquid assets Other assets Total Assets

695.6
4,088.9
1.2 70.7 30.3 147.3 4,338.4

0.5
138.5
0.0 0.0 101.7 79.5 319.7

2.4 -48.4 -46.0

0.0
0.9
0.0 0.0 0.0 -86.8 -86.0

0.1 289.7 -35.4 -22.1 232.3
696.0
4,228.3
1.2 70.7 132.0 140.0 4,572.2

Interest bearing liabilities Liabilities held for sale Other liabilities Total Liabilities

2,028.8 1.0
573.6 2,603.4

178.0 0.0
17.0 195.0

-84.0 0.0 -1.8
-85.8

2,122.8 1.0
588.8 2,712.6

F-37

VVO Group plc

M
Rental income Sales income, other Internal income Total revenue Maintenance expenses Repair expenses Net rental income Administrative expenses Other operating income Other operating expenses Profit/loss on sales of investment properties
Fair value change of investment properties Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses Operating profit / loss Financial income Financial expenses Total amount of financial income and expenses Share of result from associated companies Profit before taxes Current tax expense Change in deferred taxes Profit/loss for the period

Lumo 1­12/2015

Group

VVO consolidation

1­12/2015

methods

VVO Group Total 1­12/2015

203.3 1.9 3.6
208.8 -53.5 -20.6 134.6 -24.1
1.3 -0.4

164.4 1.0 0.4
165.8 -44.9 -25.9 94.9 -18.9
1.9 -0.2

1.9

369.6

-1.6

1.4

-3.9

0.0

-3.6

370.9

1.4

-97.0

0.0

-46.5

-2.2

227.4

3.3

-39.7

-1.1

2.1

0.2

-0.4

2.2

0.6

0.0

2.7

32.7

38.4

-0.8

70.3

-1.2 145.1

0.0 116.7

0.0

-1.2

-0.6

261.2

7.8

-44.8

-37.1

0.6 224.7 -22.1 -23.2 179.4

Group

VVO

Lumo

VVO consolidation Group Total

M

1­12/2015 1­12/2015

methods 1­12/2015

Investments Investment properties Investments in associated companies Investment properties held for sale Liquid assets Other assets Total Assets

228.1 3,331.7
1.0 0.0 14.9 213.5 3,561.2

6.9 133.1
0.0 541.0 101.2
81.3 856.5

-0.1 0.2
0.0 0.0 0.0 -181.7 -181.6

235.0 3,464.9
1.0 541.0 116.0 113.1 4,236.1

Interest bearing liabilities Liabilities held for sale Other liabilities
Total Liabilities

1,435.1 0.0
500.7
1,935.7

235.2 467.1
39.8
742.1

-175.7 0.0 -5.1
-180.8

1,494.6 467.1 535.4
2,497.1

F-38

VVO Group plc

3. Non-current assets held for sale VVO Group sold 8,571 cost principle apartments in different parts of Finland to Kiinteistö Oy M2-Kodit which is part of the Y-Foundation group. The first phase of the transaction was executed on 31 March 2016 and the remaining phase on 20 June 2016.
On 21 December 2016, VVO Group signed an SPA whereby its various group companies sold a total of 1,344 non-restricted apartments, located around Finland, to a company managed by Avant Capital Partners. The transaction was completed on 31 January 2017.

M
Investment properties Investments in associated companies Receivables Liquid assets Assets total
Liabilities Trade and other payables Liabilities total
Net asset value

31 Dec 2016 70.6 0.1
70.7 0.1 0.9 1.0
69.7

31 Dec 2015
534.3 3.0 1.2 2.6
541.0
460.7 6.4
467.1
73.9

The investment properties have been subsequently measured at fair value in the financial statements (fair value hierarchy level 3).

The collateral and contingent liabilities related to these items are presented in Note 28.

F-39

VVO Group plc

4. Profit/loss on sales of investment properties and Other operating income and costs

Profit/loss on sales of investment properties M
Profit on sales of investment properties Loss on sales of investment properties Total

1­12/2016
36.8 -47.2 -10.4

1­12/2015
3.2 -0.4 2.7

The most significant sales in 2016 were: Kiinteistö Oy M2-Kodit, 8,571 apartments; Rautatienkatu 12, Tampere, 81 apartments; Pinsiöntie 29, Nokia, 41 apartments.

Other operating income M
Income from the sales of fixed assets Income from debt collection Other Total

1­12/2016
0.0 1.5 0.8 2.3

1­12/2015
0.3 1.3 0.4 2.1

Auditors fee
M
KHT-yhteisö KPMG Oy Ab Audit Tax consultancy Other services Total

1­12/2016
0.2 0.4 0.1 0.7

1­12/2015
0.2 0.1 0.0 0.3

5. Employee benefits expense
M
Salaries and wages Defined contribution pension plans Other social security costs Total

1­12/2016
16.3 3.1 0.8
20.2

1­12/2015
18.0 3.6 0.7
22.4

The management's employee benefits are presented in Note 29, Related party transactions.

Other operating expenses M
Costs on construction contracting Loss on sales Total

1­12/2016
0.6 2.5 3.1

1­12/2015
0.4 0.0 0.4

Number of personnel, average

31 Dec 2016 298

31 Dec 2015 364

F-40

VVO Group plc

6. Amortisation, depreciation and impairment

8. Financial income and expenses

Amortisation and depreciation by asset group
M Intangible assets Property, plant and equipment Total

1­12/2016
0.4 0.8 1.2

1­12/2015
0.4 0.7 1.2

No impairment has been recognised on intangible assets or property, plant and equipment.

7. Research and development expenditure
M Research and development Total

1­12/2016 0.3 0.3

1­12/2015 0.3 0.3

M
Dividend income Interest income Change in fair value recognised at fair value through profit and loss Other financial income
Financial income, total
Interest expenses Interest expenses on liabilities recognised at amortised cost Interest expenses from derivatives
Change in fair value recognised at fair value through profit and loss Other financial expences
Financial expenses, total
Financial income and expenses, total

VVO has no capitalised development expenditure. Development activities focus on the development of product concepts, improvement of electronic services and renewal of information systems.

Other comprehensive income M
Cash flow hedges Available-for-sale financial assets Total

1­12/2016
0.0 1.0
1.3 0.2 2.4

1­12/2015
0.2 1.8
3.0 2.8 7.8

-26.3 -14.3
-8.5 0.7 -48.4
-46.0

-31.2 -9.8
-2.6 -1.3 -44.8
-37.1

1­12/2016
-9.9 0.4 -9.5

1­12/2015
4.6 -1.6 3.0

The changes to cash flow hedging come from interest rate derivatives.

F-41

VVO Group plc

9. Income tax

The tax expense in the income statement is broken down as follows:

M

2016

Current tax expense Change in deferred taxes Total

35.4 22.1 57.5

Tax effects relating to components of other comprehensive income:

2016 M
Cash flow hedges Available-for-sale financial assets Total

Before taxes
-9.9 0.4 -9.5

Tax effect
2.0 -0.1 1.9

2015 M
Cash flow hedges Available-for-sale financial assets Total

Before taxes
4.6 -1.6 3.0

Tax effect
-0.9 0.3 -0.6

Reconciliation between tax expense shown in the income statement and tax calculated using the parent company's tax rate (tax rate 20%):

2015 22.1 23.2 45.3
After taxes -7.9 0.3 -7.6

M
Profit before taxes Taxes with current tax rate Tax-free Income / nondeductible costs Confirmed losses recognised through profit and loss Write-off in deferred tax receivables from confirmed losses recognised through profit and loss Taxes from the previous periods Share of result of associated companies Acquired investment properties Proceeds from sale of investment properties Other Adjustments total
Taxes total recognised in profit and loss

2016
289.7 57.9 1.3 -0.9
1.1 -1.4 0.0 0.2 -0.9 0.0 -0.5
57.5

2015
224.7 44.9 0.7 -1.3
-0.3 0.0 -0.1 1.2 0.0 0.2 0.3
45.3

After taxes
3.7 -1.3 2.4

F-42

VVO Group plc

10. Earnings per share

Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the financial year attributable to equity holders of the parent company by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the financial year.

M

1­12/2016

1­12/2015

Profit of the financial period attributable to shareholders of the parent company Average number of the shares during the period, millions
Earnings per share Basic, euro Diluted, euro

232.3
7.4
31.38 31.38

179.3
7.4
24.23 24.23

The company has no diluting instruments.

The fair values include the investment properties classified into Non-current assets held for sale, totalling EUR 70.6 (534.3) million.
The Group has acquisition agreements for new development and renovations, presented in Note 28.
The change in the fair value of investment properties results from investments, changes in market prices and parameters used in valuation as well as from expiry of restrictions on some properties.
Some of the investment properties are subject to legislative divestment and usage restrictions. Usage and divestment restrictions are mainly related to balance

sheet value properties and usage restrictions to yield value properties. The socalled non-profit restrictions apply to the owning company, and the so-called property-specific restrictions apply to the investment owned. The non-profit restrictions include, among other things, permanent restrictions on the company's operations, distribution of profit, lending and provision of collateral, and the divestment of investments. The property-specific restrictions include fixed-term restrictions on the use of apartments, the selection of residents, the determination of rent and the divestment of apartments.

Investment properties by valuation classes

11. Investment properties
M
Fair value of investment properties, at 1 Jan Acquisition of investment properties *) Modernisation investments Disposals of investment properties Capitalised borrowing costs Transfer to own use Valuation gains/losses on fair value assessment Fair value of investment properties, at 31 Dec

2016
3,999.2 664.9 29.3 -559.0 1.7 -0.7 163.3
4,298.9

2015
3,708.8 187.1 45.8 -14.9 2.0

M
Properties measured at market value Properties measured at yield value Properties measured at acquisition method Total

31 Dec 2016
3,287.7 602.9 408.3
4,298.9

31 Dec 2015
2,417.6 697.2 884.4
3,999.2

The above fair values include the investment properties classified into Non-current assets held for sale on 31 December 2016, totalling EUR 70.6 (534.3) million.

70.3 3,999.2

*) Includes the acquisition costs of new properties under construction.

F-43

VVO Group plc

Measurement process of investment property In the transaction value method, the measurement is performed with the help of the price tracking service provided by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies (KVKL), including pricing information on sales of individual apartments in Finland provided by real estate agents. The resulting property-specific transaction value is

individually adjusted based on the condition, location, and other characteristics of the rental property.
In the yield value method, the fair value is determined by capitalising net rental income, using a property-specific required rate of net rental income.
In the acquisition cost method, rental properties are carried at original acquisition cost, deducted by the depreciation

accumulated up to the IFRS transition date and any impairment losses.
VVO Group performs intra-company measurement of investment property each quarter. The results of the assessment are reported to the Management Group, Audit Committee and Board of Directors. The measurement process, market conditions and other factors affecting the assessment of the fair value of properties are reviewed

on a quarterly basis with the CEO and CFO in accordance with the Group's reporting schedule. Each quarter, an external independent expert, Realia Management Ltd, issues a statement on the valuation methods applied in the valuation of rental apartments and business premises owned by VVO Group as well as on the quality and reliability of the valuation.

Sensitivity analysis of investment property fair value

Sensitive analysis of investment properties

31 Dec 2016

Change %

-10%

-5%

0%

Properties measured at market values Change in market prices (M)
Properties measured at yield values Yield requirement (M) Lease income (M) Maintenance costs (M)

-328.8

-164.4

66.4 -99.7 35.7

31.4 -49.8 17.9

Financial Occupancy rate (change in procent points)
Rent income

-2%

-1%

0%

-1.4

-0.7

5%
164.4
-28.4 49.8 -17.9
1% 0.7

10%
328.8
-54.3 99.7 -35.7
2% 1.4

Change %
Properties measured at market values Change in market prices (M) Properties measured at yield values Yield requirement (M) Lease income (M) Maintenance costs (M)
Financial Occupancy rate (change in procent points)
Rent income

-10%

31 Dec 2015

-5%

0%

5%

10%

-241.8

-120.9

120.9

241.8

76.9 -118.8
45

36.4 -59.4 22.5

-2%

-1%

-1.5

-0.7

-33 59.4 -22.5

-62.9 118.8
-45

0%

1%

2%

0.7

F-44

VVO Group plc

All of VVO's investment properties are classified into the fair value hierarchy level 3 in accordance with IFRS 13. Hierarchy level 3 includes assets the fair value of

which is measured using input data concerning the asset that are not based on observable market data.
The weighted average for the return re-

quirement was 6.3 (7.2) per cent for rental homes included within the scope of the yield value method in 2016, and 10.0 (11.0) per cent for business premises.

12. Property, plant and equipment

Machinery

Other

Land Entry Buildings and

and tangible

M

areas fees structures equipment assets

Total

Balance at 1 Jan 2016 Increases Decreases Transfer from investment properties Balance at 31 Dec 2016

5.5 0.2
0.0 0.0 5.5 0.2

27.6
-0.3 0.9 28.2

3.7

1.6 38.5

0.1

0.1

-0.1

0.0 -0.4

0.0

-0.1

0.9

3.7

1.6 39.0

 

Accumulated depreciation 1 Jan 2016
Depreciation for the period
Decreases
Transfer from investment properties
Accumulated depreciation 31 Dec 2016

Carrying value at 1 Jan 2016 5.5 0.2

Carrying value at 31 Dec 2016

5.5 0.2

-4.0 -0.4
-0.2 -4.6 23.5 23.5

-3.2

-0.1 -7.3

-0.3

0.0 -0.7

0.1

0.1

0.0

-0.2

-3.4

-0.1 -8.1

0.5

1.6 31.2

0.3

1.5 31.0

M
Balance at 1 Jan 2015 Increases Decreases Balance at 31 Dec 2015

Land areas

Entry Buildings and fees structures

Machinery and
equipment

Other tangible
assets

Total

5.5 0.2 5.5 0.2

27.6 27.6

3.6

1.6 38.4

0.2

0.1

0.3

-0.1

-0.1

3.7

1.6 38.5

Accumulated depreciation 1 Jan 2015
Depreciation for the period
Decreases
Accumulated depreciation 31 Dec 2015

-3.6

-3.0

-0.1 -6.7

-0.4

-0.3

-0.7

0.1

0.1

-4.0

-3.2

-0.1 -7.3

Carrying value at 1 Jan 2015 5.5 0.2

Carrying value at 31 Dec 2015

5.5 0.2

23.9 23.5

0.6

1.5 31.7

0.5

1.6 31.2

F-45

VVO Group plc

13. Intangible assets
M Balance at 1 Jan 2016 Increases Balance at 31 Dec 2016
Accumulated depreciation 1 Jan 2016 Depreciation for the period Accumulated depreciation 31 Dec 2016
Carrying value at 1 Jan 2016 Carrying value at 31 Dec 2016

Intangible rights

Other intangible
assets

2.5

3.0

0.1

0.0

2.6

3.0

-2.2

-2.2

-0.2

-0.3

-2.3

-2.5

0.3

0.8

0.2

0.5

Total 5.5 0.1 5.6
-4.4 -0.4 -4.8
1.1 0.8

M Balance at 1 Jan 2015 Increases Balance at 31 Dec 2015
Accumulated depreciation 1 Jan 2015 Depreciation for the period Accumulated depreciation 31 Dec 2015
Carrying value at 1 Jan 2015 Carrying value at 31 Dec 2015

Intangible rights

Other intangible
assets

2.5

2.8

0.2

2.5

3.0

-2.0

-1.9

-0.2

-0.3

-2.2

-2.2

0.5

0.9

0.3

0.8

Total 5.3 0.2 5.5
-4.0 -0.4 -4.4
1.4 1.1

F-46

VVO Group plc

14. Values of financial assets and liabilities by category

M
Financial assets Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives Available-for-sale financial assets
Measured at amortised cost Loans and receivables Trade receivables
Financial liabilities Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives
Measured at amortised cost Other interest-bearing liabilities Bond Trade payables

31 Dec 2016
Carrying value total LEVEL 1 LEVEL 2 LEVEL 3

Fair value total

2.2 0.2 46.5

0.2 43.9

2.2

2.0

0.6

23.1 4.2

23.1

2.2 0.2 46.5
23.1 4.2

-68.6 -0.5

-68.6 -0.5

1,824.9 297.9 19.3

1,825.4 300.0

-68.6 -0.5
1,825.4 300.0 19.3

M
Financial assets Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives Available-for-sale financial assets
Measured at amortised cost Held-to-maturity investments Loans and receivables Trade receivables
Financial liabilities Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives
Measured at amortised cost Other interest-bearing liabilities Bond Trade payables

31 Dec 2015

Carrying

Fair value

value total LEVEL 1 LEVEL 2 LEVEL 3

total

1.9

1.9

1.9

0.8

0.8

0.8

29.7 27.3

2.0

0.5

29.7

6.2

2.0

4.2

19.0 19.0

3.6

6.2 19.0
3.6

-50.3 -2.0

-50.3 -2.0

1,395.0 99.6 10.6

1,395.0 100.0

-50.3 -2.0
1,395.0 100.0 10.6

The fair value of loans is the same as their nominal value. During the year there were no transfers between the fair value hierarchy levels.
A more detailed analysis of the fair values of interest rate derivatives included and not included in hedge accounting is presented in Note 22.

F-47

VVO Group plc

Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified into three fair value hierarchy levels in accordance with the reliability of the valuation technique:
Level 1: The fair value is based on quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.
Level 3 reconciliation

Level 2: A quoted market price exists in active markets for an instrument on the same terms, but the price may be derived from directly or indirectly quoted market data.
Level 3: There is no active market for the instrument, the fair value cannot be reliably derived and input data used for the determination of fair value are not based on observable market data.

Non-current assets held for sale M
Beginning of period Deductions End of period

31 Dec 2016
0.5 0.0 0.6

31 Dec 2015
0.6 0.0 0.5

Non-current assets held for sale on hierarchy level 3 are investments in unlisted securities. They are measured at cost, as their fair value cannot be reliably measured in the absence of an active market.

15. Non-current receivables M

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

16. Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Changes to deferred tax assets and liabilities in 2016 are as follows:

Recognised

Recognised

in other

1 Jan

in profit comprehensive Other 31 Dec

M

2016

and loss

income changes

2016

Deferred tax assets

Confirmed losses

1.3

-0.5

Cash flow hedges

8.2

2.5

Electricity derivatives meas-

ured at fair value

0.2

-0.1

Other items/transfers

2.2

1.6

Total

12.0

1.0

2.5

0.9 10.6
0.1 3.8 15.4

Deferred tax liabilities Investment properties measured at fair value Cash flow hedges Financial instruments measured at fair value Other items/transfers
Total

429.6
0.0 0.2 429.8

23.1
0.0 23.1

0.0 452.6

0.5

0.5

0.1

0.1

0.2

0.6

0.0 453.4

Loan receivables from associated companies Other long-term receivables Loan receivables from others
Total

0.3

0.5

3.1

0.0

2.1

1.7

5.6

2.2

F-48

VVO Group plc

M
Deferred tax assets Confirmed losses Cash flow hedges Electricity derivatives measured at fair value Other items/transfers
Total
Deferred tax liabilities Investment properties measured at fair value inancial instruments measured at fair value Other items/transfers
Total

Recognised 1 Jan 2015 in profit and loss

Recognised in other
comprehensive income

Other changes

31 Dec 2015

1.3

9.1

-0.9

0.2

0.1

2.5

-0.3

11.8

1.1

-0.9

1.3 8.2

0.2 2.2

0.0

12.0

405.3

24.3

0.3

-0.3

0.2

405.9

24.3

-0.3

429.6

0.0 0.2

0.0

429.8

Expiration years for unrecognised confirmed losses

Year of expiration
Confirmed losses Unrecognised defered tax

2017­2018
0.4 0.1

2019­2020
0.6 0.1

2021­2022
0.6 0.1

2023­2024
0.6 0.1

2025­2026
0.3 0.1

Total
2.5 0.5

Unrecognised deferred taxes include EUR (0.0) 0.7 million of tax assets from tax losses carried forward for properties transferred to Non-current assets held for sale.

F-49

VVO Group plc

17. Trading properties
M Trading properties Yhteensä

31 Dec 2016 0.9 0.9

19. Cash and cash equivalents

31 Dec 2015 1.0 1.0

M Cash and cash equivalents Total

31 Dec 2016 132.0 132.0

31 Dec 2015 116.0 116.0

18. Sales receivables and other receivables
M
Trade receivables Receivables from associated companies Loan receivables Other receivables Prepaid expenses and accrued income Total

31 Dec 2016
4.2 0.0 0.9 0.7 0.9
6.8

31 Dec 2015
3.6 0.1 0.3 3.1 1.7
8.8

20. Share capital and other equity funds

Number

Share

Fair

Invested

of shares Share premium value non-restricted

M

(1.000) capital reserve reserve equity reserve

1 Jan 2016 Change in other comprehensive income
31 Dec 2016

7,403

58.0

35.8 -32.6

7,403

58.0

35.8

-7.6 -40.2

17.9 17.9

Total 79.0
-7.6 71.5

Specification of prepaid expenses and accrued income

M

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

M

Number of shares
(1.000)

Share capital

Share premium
reserve

Fair value reserve

Invested non-restricted equity reserve

Total

Rental services Investments Prepayments Interests Other prepaid expenses and accrued income
Total

0.5

0.6

1 Jan 2015

7,403

58.0

35.8 -35.0

17.9

76.7

0.8

Change in other

0.2

0.2

comprehensive

income

0.0

0.0

2.4

2.4

0.2

0.1

31 Dec 2015

7,403

58.0

35.8 -32.6

17.9

79.1

0.9

1.7

The term of notice for rental agreements is usually one month. The fair value of sales receivables and other receivables matches their carrying amount.

VVO Group plc has one share class. The share has no nominal value. All issued shares have been paid for in full.

F-50

VVO Group plc

Description of equity funds:
Shares · The number of VVO Group plc shares
issued as at 31 December 2016 was 7,402,560.
Share premium · VVO Group plc has no such instruments
in force that would accrue a share premium under the new Limited Liability Companies Act. The share premium was generated under the previous Limited Liability Companies Act.
Fair value reserve · The fair value reserve contains the
changes in fair values of the derivatives used to hedge cash flow and the current assets held for sale.
Reserve for invested unrestricted equity · The reserve for invested unrestricted
equity contains equity investments and that part of the share subscription price that has not specifically been allocated to share capital.

Non-controlling interest The non-controlling interest consists mainly of the 2015 result of Kiinteistö Oy Oulun Kotkankynsi. The company was fully (100%) acquired in 2016 and the name has been changed to Asunto Oy Oulun Jalohaukantie 1.
Restrictions related to the Group's equity · VVO Group's retained earnings for 2016,
EUR 1,788.0 (1,659.4) million, include a total of EUR 521.8 (531.2) million of equity subject to profit distribution restrictions relating to non-profit operations. Equity subject to profit distribution restrictions includes the measurement of investment property at fair value. · Some of the Group companies are subject to revenue recognition restrictions under the non-profit provisions of housing legislation, according to which an entity cannot pay its owner more than the profit regulated by housing legislation.

21. Interest-bearing liabilities
Non-current M
Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans Market-based loans Other loans Total
Current
M
Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans Market-based loans Other loans Commercial papers Total
Total interest-bearing liabilities

31 Dec 2016
271.2 60.3
1,461.2 3.4
1,796.1

31 Dec 2015
223.4 68.3
964.5 3.6
1,259.8

31 Dec 2016
53.6 1.3
123.6 7.0
141.3 326.8
2,122.8

31 Dec 2015
75.3 1.7
41.6 7.3
108.8 234.7
1,494.6

Liabilities do not include the liabilities related to Non-current assets held for sale, totalling EUR 0.1 (460.7) million.

Dividends · A dividend of EUR 14.00 per share was
paid in 2016. After the balance sheet date, 31 December 2016, the Board of Directors has proposed that a dividend of EUR 6.80 be paid per share.

Market-based loans include the bonds issued by VVO Group plc. The EUR 100 million secured bond issued in 2013 matures in 2020. The bond has a fixed annual interest rate of 3.25%. In 2016, a EUR 200 million secured bond was issued and listed on Nas-

daq Helsinki Ltd. The loan matures in 2023 and its fixed coupon rate is 1.625%. The committed and non-committed credit limit agreements, signed for short-term financing, were unused at the balance sheet date.

F-51

VVO Group plc

Other long-term loans include the EUR 2.4 million capital loan received by VVO Kodit Oy from City of Tampere in 2001. The interest rate is six-month Euribor + 0.75%. The loan is repaid in 20 years.

22. Derivative instruments Fair values of derivative instruments M

Interest rate derivatives Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedges Interest rate swaps, not in hedge accounting Interest rate options, not in hedge accounting
Electricity derivatives

Total

Nominal values of derivative instruments
M
Interest rate derivatives Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedges Interest rate swaps, not in hedge accounting Interest rate options, not in hedge accounting
Total
Electricity derivatives, MWh

Positive

31 Dec 2016 Negative

2.2

-59.1

-3.0

-6.5

0.2

-0.5

2.4

-69.2

Net
-56.9 -3.0 -6.5 -0.4
-66.8

31 Dec 2015 Net
-40.9 -2.6 -4.9 -1.2
-49.7

31 Dec 2016
1,107.0 61.6
104.7 1,273.3 196,367

31 Dec 2015
690.4 10.0 28.0
728.4 245,494

During the financial year, EUR -9.9 (4.6) million were recognised in the fair value reserve from interest rate derivatives classified into cash flow hedging. The interest rate derivatives hedge the loan portfolio interest flows against increases in market interest rates. The interest rate derivatives mature from 2017 to 2035. At the balance sheet date, the average maturity of the interest rate swaps was 6.2 (7.1) years. Electricity derivatives hedge against increases in electricity prices and mature from 2017 to 2021. Electricity derivatives are not included in hedge accounting.

F-52

VVO Group plc

23. Provisions and other non-current liabilities

24. Trade payables and other debts

M

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

M

31 Dec 2016

Provisions

1.0

0.9

Provisions include EUR 1.0 (0.9) million of ten-year guarantee reserves for VVO Kodit Oy's (VVO Rakennuttaja Oy's) founder construction, estimated on the basis of experience.

Other non-current liabilities M
Accrued expenses and deferred income Collaretal payments Total

31 Dec 2016
0.8 6.3 7.1

31 Dec 2015
1.4 5.8 7.1

Advances received Trade payables Other current liabilities Accrued expenses and deferred income
Total

4.6 19.3
1.3 23.1
48.3

Specification of accrued expenses and deferred income

M

31 Dec 2016

Rental services Investments Personnel expenses Interest Other items
Total

4.8 1.1 6.8 10.3 0.2
23.1

31 Dec 2015 5.6
10.6 1.1
20.8 38.0
31 Dec 2015 2.6 0.3 6.8
10.9 0.2
20.8

F-53

VVO Group plc

25. Financial risk management The financial risks associated with VVO Group's business are managed in accordance with the treasury policy confirmed by VVO Group plc's Board of Directors. The objective is to protect the Group against unfavourable changes in the financial markets. The management of financial risk is centralised in the Group's Treasury unit.
Interest rate risk The most significant financial risk is related to interest rate fluctuations affecting the loan portfolio. This risk is managed through

fixed interest rates and interest rate derivatives. The most significant interest rate risk is associated with the market-based loans which are hedged with interest rate derivatives according to VVO Group's treasury policy. The targeted hedging ratio is 50­ 100 per cent. At the balance sheet date, the hedging ratio was 77 (72) per cent.
The interest rate risk associated with interest subsidy loans is decreased by the State's interest subsidy. Interest subsidy loans are not hedged with interest rate derivatives, with the exception of some 10-year interest subsidy loans. The inter-

est rate of loans with annual payments is tied to changes in Finnish consumer prices, and the interest costs for the following year are known in the preceding autumn. Rent in properties with state-subsidised loans is determined according to the cost principle. Therefore, any changes in interest rates are transferred to rents. In accordance with the treasury policy, VVO does not hedge these loans with interest rate derivatives.
The impact of changes in market interest rates on the income statement and equity are evaluated in the table below. The interest rate position affecting the income state-

ment includes variable-rate loans and interest rate derivatives not included in hedge accounting. The effect on equity results from changes in the fair values of interest rate derivatives included in hedge accounting. Some market-based loan agreements include a condition that the reference rate is minimum zero. As the short interest rates are currently negative, both fixed and variable interest legs must be paid in some interest rate swaps.

M Floating rate loans Interest rate derivatives Total effect
Deferred tax effect is not included in the calculation.

31 Dec 2016

Other Comprehensive

Income Statement

Income

1%

-0.1%

1%

-0.1%

31 Dec 2015

Other Comprehensive

Income Statement

Income

1%

-0.1%

1%

-0.1%

-10.2

0.6

-7.7

0.5

12.0

-1.2

71.2

-7.5

9.3

-1.1

49.0

-5.2

1.8

-0.7

71.2

-7.5

1.6

-0.6

49.0

-5.2

F-54

VVO Group plc

Liquidity and refinancing risk The Group secures its liquidity through sufficient cash funds, the commercial paper programme and supporting credit limit agreements. Cash flow from the rental business is stable, and the sufficiency of liquidity is monitored with regular cash forecasts.
The Group's liquidity remained good in the financial year. In order to ensure its liquidity, the Group has a EUR 200 million parent company commercial paper programme, EUR 100 million committed credit facility agreements and a EUR 5 million non-committed credit facility agreement. A total of EUR 141.3 (108.8) million of the commercial paper programme was in use at the end of the financial year. All credit facilities were unused at the balance sheet date.
The functioning of the money market has been affected by tightened bank regulation, which has reflected on lending and the cost of funding. Due to VVO's strong financial position and stable cash flow, the risk associated with the availability of financing is not considered significant.
The availability of financing is ensured by maintaining VVO's good reputation among financiers and by keeping the equity ratio at an appropriate level. The risk associated with the availability of financing is mitigated by diversifying the maturities and financial instruments in the loan portfolio and by expanding the financier base. The maturing of bigger loans are planned well in advance.

The following table shows the contractual repayment and interest cash flows of loans and derivative instruments.
31/12/2016
M
Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans Market-based loans Other loans Commercial papers Interest rate derivatives Total

Within 1 year
55.8 3.9
142.8 0.4
141.5 15.8
360.2

31/12/2017 M
Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans Market-based loans Other loans Commercial papers Interest rate derivatives Total

Within 1 year
79.1 5.1
60.3 0.2
109.3 11.5
265.7

The figures do not include liabilities related to Non-current assets held for sale.

F-55

2­5 years
242.3 15.8
668.4 3.2 0.0
49.6 979.4

6­10 years
7.1 20.2 686.9
6.3 0.0 33.1 753.5

11­15 years
4.0 27.3 146.8
0.1 0.0 9.0 187.2

Later
27.8 42.2 61.8
0.9 0.0 3.9 136.7

2­5 years
182.8 19.4
447.3 1.0 0.0
39.3 689.8

6­10 years
17.9 23.7 405.4
2.6 0.0 28.6 478.2

11­15 years
3.9 26.9 120.9
0.1 0.0 10.4 162.2

Later
29.0 37.2 89.7
0.3 0.0 4.5 160.7

VVO Group plc

Price risk The Group uses electricity derivatives to hedge against exposure to electricity price risk. The electricity derivatives hedge highly probable future electricity purchases, and

the derivatives trading has been outsourced to an external expert. Electricity derivatives are not included in hedge accounting.
The Group's surplus cash may be invested in accordance with the approved

principles of the treasury policy. Available-for-sale financial assets are subject to a price risk that is mitigated through diversification of investment assets. The investments do not involve a currency risk.

The sensitivity of the electricity derivatives and available-for-sale financial assets to +/-10% changes in the market price are shown in the table below.

M
Electricity derivatives Available-for-sale financial assets Total effect
Deferred tax effect is not included in the calculation.

31 Dec 2016

Other Comprehensive

Income Statement

Income

10%

-10%

10%

-10%

31 Dec 2015

Other Comprehensive

Income Statement

Income

10%

-10%

10%

-10%

0.3

-0.3

0.3

-0.3

4.6

-4.6

4.6

-4.6

0.3

-0.3

0.3

-0.3

2.9

-2.9

2.9

-2.9

Credit risk VVO Group does not have any significant credit risk concentrations. The majority of sales receivables consists of rent receiva-

bles, which are efficiently diversified. In addition, the use of rental deposits decreases the credit risk associated with rent receivables.

Age distribution of sales receivables
M
Less than a month 1­3 months 3­6 months 6­12 months More than a year
Total

31 Dec 2016

1.1

29.0%

2.2

57.4%

0.3

8.8%

0.1

3.1%

0.1

1.7%

3.9 100.0%

31 Dec 2015

1.0

28.5%

2.2

60.2%

0.2

6.8%

0.1

1.8%

0.1

2.7%

3.6 100.0%

F-56

VVO Group plc

Investments and derivative instruments involve a counterparty risk to financing activities. This risk is managed by choosing financially sound counterparties and with enough diversification.
Currency risk The Group's cash flows are euro-denominated, and the business does not involve any currency risk.
Management of capital structure The objective of the management of the Group's capital structure is to optimise the capital structure in relation to the current market conditions. The objective is to achieve a capital structure that best ensures the Group's strategic long-term operations and promotes the Group's growth targets.
In addition to the financial result, the Group's capital structure is affected by factors such as capital expenditure, asset
M
Interest-bearing liabilities Cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing net liabilities Shareholders' equity total Balance sheet total Equity ratio, %

sales, acquisitions, dividend payments, equity-based transactions and measurement at fair value. At the end of the financial year, the Group's loans did not involve financial covenants, but in the future, unsecured financing agreements will include ordinary financial covenants.
VVO Group plc's Board of Directors has set the Lumo segment's long-term equity ratio target at 40 per cent. On 31 December 2016, VVO Group's equity ratio was 40.7 (41.1) per cent and the interest cover ratio, representing ability to pay interest costs, was 4.8 (4.6). VVO Group's interest-bearing liabilities totalled EUR 2,122.8 (1,494.6) million. EUR 0.1 (460.7) million of interest-bearing liabilities have been transferred to Non-current assets held for sale. The equity ratio determination principle is presented in the financial statements under Formulas used in the calculation of the key figures.

31 Dec 2016
2,122.8 132.0
1,990.9 1,859.5 4,572.2
40.7

31 Dec 2015
1,494.6 116.0
1,378.5 1,739.1 4,236.1
41.1

26. Operating leases
Site leasehold agreements
Group as lessee M
Contractual maturities on lease contracts During the following financial year Due after following year and before five yeares Due after five years
Total

31 Dec 2015

31 Dec 2015

3.3 13.0 106.7 123.0

5.1 19.6 168.5 193.2

Non-current assets held for sale include EUR 0.9 (94.6) million from rental agreement liabilities.
The rental agreements are mainly site leasehold agreements from municipalities and cities. The maximum durations of the remaining agreements are 84 years, the average being 30 years.

Operating leases
Operating leases, vehicles M During the following financial year Due in 2-5 years Total
The operating leases are four-year car leases.

31 Dec 2015
0.6 0.9 1.5

31 Dec 2015
0.7 0.8 1.5

F-57

VVO Group plc

27. Adjustment to cash flow from operating activities

M

31 Dec 2016

Depreciation Financial income and expenses Income taxes Share of result of associated companies Profit/loss from investment properties measured at fair value Profit/loss on sales of investment properties Other adjustments
Total

1.2 45.9 57.5 -0.1
-163.3 10.4 1.8
-46.6

31 Dec 2015
1.2 37.1 45.3 -0.6
-70.3 -2.7 -1.0 9.0

The figures for 31 December 2016 include liabilities related to Non-current assets held for sale: Liabilities with EUR 0.1 (493.0) million of pledges given as a guarantee; the collateral given totals EUR 0.4 (816.3) million.
Other liabilities The most significant unrecognised acquisition agreements related to work in progress:

M
New construction Renovation Total

31 Dec 2016
342.7 17.1
359.9

31 Dec 2015
253.9 22.5
276.4

28. Collateral and contingent liabilities
M
Loans covered by pledges on property and shares as a collateral Mortgages Shares Pledged collaterals total
Other collaterals given
Mortgages and shares Guarantees*) Pledged deposits Other collaterals total

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

1,986.5 2,446.2
312.0 2,758.1

1,849.7 2,551.5
213.6 2,765.1

5.8 479.9
0.2 485.9

12.8 433.3
446.1

*) The guarantees granted are mainly absolute guarantees granted as collateral for liabilities contracted by Group companies

The figures for 31 December 2015 include a total of EUR 0.7 million of renovation liabilities related to Non-current assets held for sale.

Value added tax refund liabilities M Value added tax refund liabilities
Land purchase liabilities M Purchase prices for target building rights and draft plans Liabilities for municipal infrastructure

31 Dec 2016 2.6

31 Dec 2015 3.1

31 Dec 2016 4.5 4.3

31 Dec 2015 14.3 4.4

F-58

VVO Group plc

Construction liability The land use agreement related to the zoned areas Suurpelto I and II in Espoo is subject to schedules for construction sanctioned with delay penalties.
The zoned areas are divided into three execution areas in the agreement. VVO holds building rights in these areas as follows: area 2 ­ 18,217 (18,217) floor sq m; and area 3 ­ -7,600 (16,125) floor sq m. The agreement stipulates that all of the residential building rights have to be used up by November 2013 in area 2 and by November 2016 in area 3. This schedule has not been fully met. The delay penalty is graded based on the period of delay and can at most, if the delay has continued for at least five years, be equal to half of the land use payments in accordance with the agreement. According to the agreement, the City of Espoo may, should circumstances change, lower the penalty or waive it altogether.
The land use agreement related to quarters 62007 and 62025 in Jokiniemi, Vantaa is subject to schedules for construction sanctioned with delay penalties. The construction liability is divided into various forms of financing and ownership. The plot 92-62-7-2 is subject to a contingent EUR 0.6 million contractual sanction, payable to the City of Vantaa, related to changing the form of financing. The potential sanction falls due and is recognised in accounting in 2017 if the sanction criteria are met.

A plot located in the City of Helsinki (9270-118-5) is subject to a schedule for construction sanctioned with delay penalties.
A plot located in the City of Espoo (4912-220-1) is subject to a schedule for construction sanctioned with delay penalties.
A plot located in the City of Helsinki (9140-176-8) is subject to a schedule for construction sanctioned with delay penalties. The construction started in 2016.
Plots located in the City of Helsinki (9154-3-2, 91-54-1-3) are subject to an obligation to use them for rental housing. There is a contractual penalty for breaching this obligation.
VVO Group has some individual disputes pending, but the company considers these to be of negligible value.
Group companies have made commitments restricting the assignment and pledging of shares owned by them.
Other commitments VVO Group signed a preliminary agreement on the acquisition of seven properties currently occupied by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences. VVO Group's VVO Kodit Oy signed a preliminary agreement on the purchase of properties at Onnentie 18, Sofianlehdonkatu 5, Tukholmankatu 10, Agricolankatu 1­3, Albertinkatu 40­42, Abrahaminkatu 1­3 and Bulevardi 29­31 with the City of Helsinki and Merasco Real Estate Ltd Oy. Under the terms of the agreement, the

fixed sales price is set at EUR 80.9 million, as determined by a valuation based on existing building rights to develop further commercial provision. The sales price may be adjusted in the event that the building rights are amended following a revision of the local plan as applied for by the purchaser.

F-59

VVO Group plc

29. Related party transactions

Transactions with shareholders

Related parties VVO Group's related parties are the parent company, subsidiary and associated companies and joint arrangements. Other related parties are the key persons included in company management, comprising the members of the Board of Directors and Management Group, the CEO and the close members of their families. Parties holding 20 per cent or more of the shares of VVO Group are always considered as related parties. Shareholders whose shareholding remains below 20 per cent are considered as related parties if they otherwise are considered to have considerable influence, such as through Board membership.
Business transactions with shareholders consist of rental and insurance agreements and a single share transaction. Related party transactions were made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length transactions.
The relationships between the parent and subsidiaries in the Group are presented in Note 31.

M Rental agreements Insurance fees Total
Balance of account with other related parties M Other current liabilities
Management employee benefits M Salaries and other short-term employee benefits

31 Dec 2016
4.5 4.5

31 Dec 2015
0.1 3.9 4.0

31 Dec 2016 0.2

31 Dec 2015 0.3

31 Dec 2016 2.0

31 Dec 2015 2.1

F-60

VVO Group plc

Salaries and fees paid to CEO and the Board of the Directors

1,000 
Jani Nieminen, Chief executive officer Board of Directors
Riku Aalto Matti Harjuniemi Olli Luukkainen Jorma Malinen Mikko Mursula, from 17th March 2016 Reima Rytsölä Jan-Erik Saarinen Ann Selin Tomi Aimonen, until 17th March 2016 Eloranta Jarkko Laukkanen Ville-Veikko Pesonen Pasi Torsti Esko Ritakallio Timo Board of Directors total
Total

31 Dec 2016
738.3
28.4 16.4 15.2 15.8 17.6 14.0 16.4 13.4
1.2 1.2 1.2 1.2 1.2
143.2
881.5

30. Borrowing costs

31 Dec 2015

M

744.7
27.8 13.4 13.4 12.2

Capitalised borrowing costs Total
Capitalisation, 2.2 (2.1) per cent

14.0 14.0 12.8 17.0
1.2 1.2 1.2

1.2 129.4
874.1

Employees of VVO Group do not receive additional compensation for serving as Board members or the CEO of Group companies.
No shares or share derivatives were given to members of the Board of Directors during the financial year.
The retirement age for members of the Management Group is 63 years. Members of the Management Group belong to a con-

tribution-based pension system in which an insurance premium corresponding to two months' taxable income is paid annually into a group pension insurance plan.
The period of notice for terminating the CEO's employment relationship is twelve months.

F-61

31 Dec 2016 1.7 1.7

31 Dec 2015 2.0 2.0

VVO Group plc

31. Subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associated companies owned by the Group and the parent

Subsidiaries and joint arragements
VVO-Yhtymä Oyj VVO Asunnot Oy VVO Hoivakiinteistöt Oy VVO Kodit Oy VVO Korkotuki 2016 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2017 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2018 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2019 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2020 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2021 Oy VVO Palvelut Oy VVO Vuokratalot Oy VVOhousing 2 Oy VVOhousing 4 Oy VVOhousing 5 Oy VVOhousing 6 Oy VVOhousing 7 Oy VVOhousing 8 Oy VVOhousing 9 Oy VVOhousing 10 Oy VVOhousing 11 Oy VVOhousing 12 Oy Kiinteistö osakeyhtiö Pikkuhirvas Kotinyt Oy

VVO Group plc holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

VVO Kodit Oy
As Oy Kuopion Havuketo As Oy Turun Puistokatu 12 As Oy Vantaan Junkkarinkaari 7 As. Oy Heinolan Korvenkaarre As. Oy Helsingin Haapaniemenkatu 11 As. Oy Kuopion Kaarenkulma As. Oy Malski 3, Lahti As. Oy Pihavaahtera Asunto Oy Espoon Henttaan Puistokatu C Asunto Oy Espoon Henttaankaari A Asunto Oy Espoon Kilonportti 3 Asunto Oy Espoon Klariksentie 6 Asunto Oy Espoon Koivu-Mankkaan tie 1 b Asunto Oy Espoon Likusterikatu A Asunto Oy Espoon Marinkallio 4 Asunto Oy Espoon Marinkallio 6 Asunto Oy Espoon Marinkallio 8 Asunto Oy Espoon Nihtitorpankuja 3 Asunto Oy Espoon Reelinkikatu 2 Asunto Oy Espoon Saunalahdenkatu 2 Asunto Oy Espoon Servinkuja 3 Asunto OY Espoon Soukanrinne Asunto Oy Espoon Suurpelto 44

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
73.30% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
73.30% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

F-62

VVO Group plc

Asunto Oy Espoon Suurpelto 5 Asunto Oy Espoon Tietäjäntie 3 Asunto Oy Espoon Uuno Kailaan katu 4 Asunto Oy Espoon Uuno Kailaan katu 5 Asunto Oy Espoon Uuno Kailaan katu 6 Asunto Oy Hattulan Jukolankuja 3 Asunto Oy Helsingin Capellan puistotie 4 Asunto Oy Helsingin Haapsalunkuja 4 Asunto Oy Helsingin Henrik Borgströmin tie 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Hesperiankatu 18 Asunto Oy Helsingin Hilapellontie 2c Asunto Oy Helsingin Hilapellontie 2d Asunto Oy Helsingin Hopeatie 9 Asunto Oy Helsingin Kadetintie 6 Asunto Oy Helsingin Kahvipavunkuja 3 Asunto Oy Helsingin Kahvipavunkuja 4 Asunto Oy Helsingin Karavaanikuja 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Karhulantie 13 Asunto Oy Helsingin Katariinankartano Asunto Oy Helsingin Katariinankoski Asunto Oy Helsingin Kauppakartanonkuja 3 Asunto Oy Helsingin Koirasaarentie 23 Asunto Oy Helsingin Kontulantie 19 Asunto Oy Helsingin Koskikartano Asunto Oy Helsingin Kotkankatu 9 Asunto Oy Helsingin Lauttasaarentie 27 Asunto Oy Helsingin Leikkikuja 2

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Asunto Oy Helsingin Leonkatu 21 Asunto Oy Helsingin Maasälväntie 5 ja 9 Asunto Oy Helsingin Marjatanportti Asunto Oy Helsingin Messeniuksenkatu 1B Asunto Oy Helsingin Oulunkylän tori 1 Asunto Oy Helsingin Palmsenpolku 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Pertunpellontie 6 Asunto Oy Helsingin Pertunpellontie 8 Asunto Oy Helsingin Plazankuja 5 Asunto Oy Helsingin Posetiivari Asunto Oy Helsingin Pärnunkatu 6 Asunto Oy Helsingin Ratarinne Asunto Oy Helsingin Retkeilijänkatu 1 Asunto Oy Helsingin Risupadontie 6 Asunto Oy Helsingin Sörnäistenkatu 12 Asunto Oy Helsingin Tilketori 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Tuulensuunkuja 3 Asunto Oy Helsingin Valanportti Asunto Oy Helsingin Vuorenpeikontie 5 Asunto Oy Helsingin Välimerenkatu 8 Asunto Oy Hilapellontie 4 Asunto Oy Hyvinkään Merino Asunto Oy Hyvinkään Mohair Asunto Oy Hyvinkään Värimestarinkaari 3 Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Aurinkokatu 10 Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Hilpi Kummilantie 16 Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Kajakulma

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
93.06% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
73.97%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
93.06% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
73.97%

F-63

VVO Group plc

Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Turuntie 38 Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Uusi-Jukola Asunto Oy Hämeentie 48 Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Kukkumäentie Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Runkotie 3 B Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Runkotie 5 C Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Tellervonkatu 8 Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Väinönkatu 15 Asunto Oy Järvenpään Antoninkuja 3 Asunto Oy Järvenpään Metallimiehenkuja 2 Asunto Oy Järvenpään Peltotilkku Asunto Oy Järvenpään Reki-Valko Asunto Oy Järvenpään Rekivatro Asunto Oy Järvenpään Sibeliuksenkatu 27 Asunto Oy Kalasääksentie 6 Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Asematie 10 Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Asematie 12-14 Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Bredantie 8 Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Kavallinterassit Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Thurmaninpuistotie 2 Asunto Oy Kaustisenpolku 5 Asunto Oy Keravan Eerontie 3 Asunto Oy Keravan Palopolku 3 Asunto Oy Kirkkonummen Vernerinkuja 5 Asunto Oy Kivivuorenkuja 1 Asunto Oy Kivivuorenkuja 3 Asunto Oy Konalantie 14

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
97.58% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
99.57% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
97.58% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
99.57% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Asunto Oy Kuopion Kelkkailijantie 4 Asunto Oy Kuopion Sompatie 7 Asunto Oy Kuopion Sompatie 9 Asunto Oy Lahden Sorvarinkatu 5 Asunto Oy Lahden Vanhanladonkatu 2 Asunto Oy Lahden Vihdinkatu 4 Asunto Oy Lahden Vihdinkatu 6 Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Gallerianpolku Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Koulukatu 13 Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Nurmelanpirtti Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Sammonkatu 3-5 Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Upseeritie 12 Asunto Oy Lintukallionrinne 1 Asunto Oy Oulun Kitimenpolku 21 Asunto Oy Oulun Tervahanhi 1 Asunto Oy Oulun Tietolinja 11 Asunto Oy Pirtinketosato Asunto Oy Pohtolan Kynnys Asunto Oy Pohtolan Kytö Asunto Oy Porin Kansankulma Asunto Oy Rautamasuuni Asunto Oy Rientolanhovi Asunto Oy Riihimäen Mäkiraitti 17 Asunto Oy Rovaniemen Koskikatu 9 Asunto Oy Rovaniemen Pohjolankatu 11 Asunto Oy Rovaniemen Tukkivartio Asunto Oy Salamankulma

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
98.65% 100.00%
63.55% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
93.22% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
66.18%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
98.65% 100.00%
63.55% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
93.22% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
66.18%

F-64

VVO Group plc

Asunto Oy Tampereen Koipitaipaleenkatu 9 Asunto Oy Tampereen Nuolialantie 44 Asunto Oy Tampereen Pohtolan Pohja Asunto Oy Tampereen Satakunnankatu 21 Asunto Oy Tampereen Tuomiokirkonkatu 32 Asunto Oy Toppilan Tuulentie 2 Asunto Oy Tuiran Komuntalo Asunto Oy Turun Aurinkorinne Asunto Oy Turun Vänrikinkatu 2 Asunto Oy Tuusulan Bostoninkaari 2 Asunto Oy Tuusulan Kievarinkaari 4 Asunto Oy Tuusulan Metsontie 2 Asunto Oy Tuusulan Männistöntie 1 Asunto Oy Vantaan Aerolan A-talot Asunto Oy Vantaan Elmontie 11 Asunto Oy Vantaan Hiiritornit Asunto Oy Vantaan Keikarinkuja 3 Asunto Oy Vantaan Kilterinaukio 4 Asunto Oy Vantaan Kilterinkaari 2 Asunto Oy Vantaan Krassitie 8 Asunto Oy Vantaan Lauri Korpisen katu 10 Asunto Oy Vantaan Lauri Korpisen katu 8 Asunto Oy Vantaan Lehtikallio 4 Asunto Oy Vantaan Leinelänkaari 13 Asunto Oy Vantaan Leinelänkaari 14 Asunto Oy Vantaan Leineläntie 3 Asunto Oy Vantaan Neilikkapolku

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
81.50% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
82.55% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
97.17% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
81.50% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
82.55% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
97.17% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Asunto Oy Vantaan Pyhtäänkorvenkuja 4 ja 6 Asunto Oy Vantaan Pyhtäänkorventie 25 Asunto Oy Vantaan Tammistonvuori Asunto Oy Verkkotie 3 Asunto Oy Vähäntuvantie 6 Eerikinkatu 7 Kehitys Oy Kiint. Oy Taivaskero 2 Kiinteistö Oy Helsingin Eliaksentalo 1 Kiinteistö Oy Malminhaka Kiinteistö Oy Mannerheimintie 168 Kiinteistö Oy Saarensahra Kiinteistö Oy Saariniemenkatu 6 Kiinteistö Oy Satonkaarre Kiinteistö Oy Siilinjärven Kirkkorinne Kiinteistö Oy Tuureporin Liiketalo Kiinteistö Oy Uuno Kailaan kadun pysäköinti Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Pyhtäänpolku Kiinteistö Oy Ylä-Malmintori Kiinteistöosakeyhtiö Näsilinnankatu 40 Kilterin Kehitys Oy Lumo Eerikinkatu VII Holding 1 Oy Lumo Eerikinkatu VII Holding 2 Oy Lumo Hankeyhtiö 1 Oy Lumo Hankeyhtiö 2 Oy Lumo Hankeyhtiö 3 Oy Lumo Hankeyhtiö 4 Oy Lumo Holding 1 Oy

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
90.00% 82.61% 100.00% 100.00% 90.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
90.00% 82.61% 100.00% 100.00% 90.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

F-65

VVO Group plc

Lumo Holding 2 Oy Lumo Holding 3 Oy Lumo Holding 4 Oy Lumo Holding 5 Oy Lumo Holding 6 Oy Lumo Holding 7 Oy Lumo Holding 8 Oy Lumo Holding 9 Oy Lumo Holding 10 Oy Lumo Holding 11 Oy Lumo Holding 12 Oy Lumo Holding 13 Oy Lumo Holding 14 Oy Lumo Holding 15 Oy Lumo Holding 16 Oy Lumo Holding 17 Oy Lumo Holding 18 Oy Lumo Holding 19 Oy Lumo Holding 20 Oy Lumo Holding 21 Oy Lumo Holding 22 Oy Lumo Holding 23 Oy Lumo Holding 24 Oy Lumo Holding 25 Oy Lumo Holding 26 Oy Lumo Holding 27 Oy Lumo Holding 28 Oy

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Lumo Holding 29 Oy Lumo Holding 30 Oy Lumo Holding 31 Oy Lumo Holding 32 Oy Lumo Holding 33 Oy Lumo Holding 34 Oy Lumo Holding 35 Oy Lumo Holding 36 Oy Lumo Holding 37 Oy Lumo Holding 38 Oy Lumo Holding 39 Oy Lumo Holding 40 Oy Lumo Holding 41 Oy Lumo Housing Fund II Oy Lumo Real Estate Asset Management II Oy Volaria Oy
Lumo Housing Fund II Oy subsidiaries: Asunto Oy Espoon Leimu Asunto Oy Espoon Rastasniityntie 1 A Asunto Oy Espoon Rastasniityntie 1 B Asunto Oy Espoon Reimari Asunto Oy Espoon Valakuja 8 Asunto Oy Helsingin Ajuri Asunto Oy Helsingin Aries Asunto Oy Helsingin Kivensilmänkuja 3 Asunto Oy Helsingin Leikeri

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

F-66

VVO Group plc

Asunto Oy Helsingin Malmin Vasalli Asunto Oy Helsingin Malminholvi Asunto Oy Helsingin Rauduskoivu Asunto Oy Helsingin Toimittaja Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Kerkkäkatu 1 Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Kesäkuu Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Kommodori Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Pisara Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Tervalankatu 6 Asunto Oy Keravan Keijukainen Asunto Oy Keravan Tapulitori 1 Asunto Oy Keravan Tervahovi Asunto Oy Kuopion Ratavahti Asunto Oy Lahden Helkalanpolku Asunto Oy Mäntsälän Nallentassu Asunto Oy Mäntsälän Pelto-Orvokki Asunto Oy Nurmijärven Poolo Asunto Oy Nurmijärven Rajakivi Asunto Oy Oulun Kurkelanpuisto Asunto Oy Oulun Repolinna Asunto Oy Oulun Sokurin Nisu Asunto Oy Tampereen Kaneli Asunto Oy Tampereen Meesakatu Asunto Oy Tampereen Muskotti Asunto Oy Tampereen Tieteenkatu 3 Asunto Oy Tampereen Tutkijankatu 7 Asunto Oy Turun Westparkin Kataja

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%

Asunto Oy Vantaan Kultapiisku Asunto Oy Vantaan Omenatarha Asunto Oy Vantaan Rinkeli Asunto Oy Vantaan Tikkurilan Sonaatti Eerikinkatu 7 Kehitys Oy subsidiary: Asunto Oy Helsingin Eerik VII
VVO Vuokratalot Oy Asunto Oy Espoon Asemakuja 1 Asunto Oy Espoon Piilipuuntie 25 Asunto Oy Espoon Piilipuuntie 31 Asunto Oy Kaarinan Hovirinnan Luumu Asunto Oy Kuopion Niemenkatu 5 Asunto Oy OulunTuiranmaja Kiinteistö Oy Kanavanpirtti Kiinteistö Oy Nummenperttu Kiinteistö Oy Oulun Kotkankynsi Kiinteistö Oy Vaakamestarinpolku 2 Kiinteistö Oy Vehnäpelto Tikantupa Oy Kiinteistö Oy Vehnäpelto subsidiary: Kiinteistö Oy Viljapelto

F-67

Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
100.00%
Parent company holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
55.56%

Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
100.00%
Group holding %
100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
76.67%

VVO Group plc

VVO Palvelut Oy Kiinteistö Oy Mannenrheimintie 168a
VVO Korkotuki 2017 Oy Kiinteistö Oy Tampereen Kyllikinkatu 15
VVO Korkotuki 2018 Oy Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Karhunkierros 1 C
VVO Korkotuki 2021 Oy Asunto Oy Kuopion Vilhelmiina
VVO-konserni Katajapysäköinti Oy

Parent company holding %
100.00%
Parent company holding %
76.50%
Parent company holding %
86.58%
Parent company holding %
78.38%
Parent company holding %

Group holding %

Associated companies

100.00%
Group holding %
100.00%
Group holding %
86.58%

VVO-yhtymä Oyj Asunto Oy Nilsiän Ski SV-Asunnot Oy
VVO Vuokratalot Oy Asunto Oy Viljapelto Kiinteistö Oy Keinulaudantie 4 Pajalan Parkki Oy
VVO Korkotuki 2016 Oy Kiinteistö Oy Myllytullin Autotalo
VVO Korkotuki 2017 Oy Paavolan Parkki Oy Virvatulentien Pysäköinti Oy
VVO Korkotuki 2020 Oy Lintulammenkadun Pysäköintilaitos Oy

Group holding %
100.00%
Group holding %
50.93%

VVO Kodit Oy
Asunto Oy Kuopion Vilhelmiina Fastighets Ab Lovisa Stenborg Kiinteistö Oy, Hatanpäänhovin Pysäköinti Oy Katajapysäköinti Oy Kiinteistö Oy Jyväskylän Torikulma Kiinteistö Oy Oulun Tullivahdin Parkki Kiinteistö Oy Bäckisåker Kiinteistö Oy Lappeenrannan Koulukatu 1

Parent company holding %
28.33% 50.00%
21.11% 41.62% 31.44%
24.39%
24.93% 25.15%
39.19%
Parent company holding %
21.62% 45.50% 41.88% 34.26% 42.63% 33.60% 50.00% 24.45%

Group holding %
28.33% 50.00%
76.67% 41.62% 44.06%
24.39%
24.93% 25.15%
39.19%
Group holding %
100.00% 45.50% 41.88% 50.93% 42.63% 33.60% 50.00% 24.45%

F-68

VVO Group plc

Kiinteistö Oy Mannerheimintie 40
Kiinteistö Oy Pohjois-Suurpelto
Kiinteistö Oy Tampereen Kyllikinkatu 15
Marin autopaikat Oy
Mummunkujan pysäköinti Oy
Pihlajapysäköinti Oy
Ristikedonkadun Lämpö Oy
Ruukuntekijäntien paikoitus Oy
SKIPA Kiinteistöpalvelut Oy
Suurpellon Kehitys Oy
Asunto Oy Vantaan Lehtikallio 4: Kiinteistö Oy Lehtikallion pysäköinti
Asunto Oy Järvenpään Sibeliuksenkatu 27: Kiinteistö Oy Järvenpään Tupalantalli
Asunto Oy Vantaan Leinelänkaari 13: Leinelänkaaren Pysäköinti Oy
Asunto Oy Oulun Repolinna: Kiinteistö Oy Revonparkki,
Asunto Oy Tampereen Kaneli: Kiinteistö Oy Tampereen Seponparkki,
Asunto Oy Vantaan Rinkeli: Kiinteistö Oy Arinaparkki Vantaa
Asunto Oy Lahden Helkalanpolku: Asemantaustan Pysäköinti Oy
Lumo Housing Fund II Oy: Koy Tampereen Tieteen Parkki

Parent company holding %
29.42% 50.00% 23.50% 21.00% 26.51% 30.56% 34.40% 26.24% 20.63% 50.00%
39.84%
33.51%
21.63%
20.37%
29.91%
25.59%
39.76% 41.71%

Group holding %
29.42% 50.00% 100.00% 21.00% 26.51% 30.56% 34.40% 26.24% 20.63% 50.00%
39.84%
33.51%
21.63%
20.37%
45.98%
25.59%
39.76% 41.71%

F-69

VVO Group plc

32. Events after the reporting period VVO Group signed an SPA whereby its various group companies sold a total of 1,344 non-restricted apartments, located around Finland, to a company managed by Avant Capital Partners. The transaction was completed on 31 January 2017. Note 3 Non-current assets held for sale specifies the effects of the transaction on the Group in detail.

Key indicators
M
Revenue, M  Net rental income, M  % revenue Net financial expenses, M  Profit before taxes, M  Operative result, M  Balance sheet total, M  Investment properties, M  1) 5) Rental occypancy rate, % Tenant turnover, % 4)
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company, M 
Interest-bearing liabilities, M  2) Return on equity, % (ROE) Return on investments, % (ROI) Equity ratio, % 1) Loan to Value, % 1) 2) 3) Earnings per share,  Equity per share,  1) Dividend per share,  6) Dividend per earnings, % Gross investments, M Number of personnel, average

2016
351.5 222.0
63.2 46.0 289.7 116.9 4,572.2 4,298.9 97.4 27.6
1,859.5
2,122.8 12.9 8.8 40.7 46.7
31.38 251.20
15.80 50.35 696.0
298

2015
370.9 227.4
61.3 37.1 224.7 121.4 4,236.1 3,999.2 97.6 23.7
1,738.5
1,494.6 10.8 7.6 41.1 39.4
24.23 234.85
5.00 20.64 235.0
364

2014 *)
356.5 210.0
58.9 47.3 146.5 103.2 3,957.2 3,708.8 98.1 21.6
1,579.0
1,850.1 7.2 5.9
40.0 46.4 14.95 213.30 3.00 20.07 200.5 339

2013
346.6 198.4
57.2 40.3 75.9
2,468.5 3,351.1
98.5 21.2
497.9 1,795.1
15.5 5.5
41.3 48.6 10.07 209.16 2.20 21.85 223.2 341

*) As of 2014, the Group adopted IFRS for itsfinancial reporting. For 2012­2013, figures are presented according to the FAS financial statements. 1) Calculated with FAS 2013­2012 fair values 2) Does not include items held for sale 3) The calculation formula is changed 2016 and the comperative figures adjusted to correspond to the current calculation method 4) Excluding internal turnover 5) Including items held for sale 6) 2016: including extra dividend 9  and the Board of Directors proposed that a dividend of 6.80  per share.

2012
335.4 197.3
58.8 50.2 62.5
2,276.1 3,120.0
98.7
438.4 1,664.3
10.6 5.5
38.8 48.4 6.19 178.60 2.00 32.31 74.8 343

F-70

VVO Group plc

Formulas used in the calculation of the key figures

Operative result =

Result for the period - gains/losses on sales of properties - fair value change in investment properties - taxes on the adjustments

Return on equity (ROE), % =

Profit for the period Total equity (average during the period)

x 100

Return on investment (ROI), % =

Profit before taxes + interests and other financial expenses
Balance sheet total - Non-interest-bearing liabilities (average during the period)

x 100

Equity ratio, % =

Total equity Balance sheeet total - Advanced received

x 100

Loan to Value, % =

Interest-bearing liabilities - Cash Investment properties + Property, plant and equipment

x 100

Earnings per share,  =

Earnings attributable to equity holders Number of shares at the end of the financial period

Shareholders' equity per share,  =

Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company Number of shares at the end of the financial period

Dividend per earnigs, % =

Dividend per share Earnigs per share

x 100

F-71

VVO Group plc

Parent company's financial statements
Parent company's income statement, FAS

M
Rental income Sales revenue from administration Turnover Other operating income Personnel costs Amortisations and depreciation Other operating costs Operating loss Investment income Financial income Value adjustments on financial assets Financial expenses Financial income and expenses Profit before appropriations and taxes Appropriations Income tax Profit for the period

Note
1 2 3 4 5. 6
7 8 9

1­12/2016 0.5
10.9 11.5
2.6 -3.9 -0.7 -9.2 0.3 0.0 8.2
-6.0 2.2 2.5 81.9 -16.9 67.5

1­12/2015
0.6 11.3 11.8
0.3 -4.3 -0.7 -8.8 -1.6 125.1 9.9
0.4 -4.8 130.7 129.1 39.0 -8.5 159.6

F-72

VVO Group plc

Parent company's balance sheet, FAS

M
ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets
Intangible rights Other long-term expenses Intangible assets, total Tangible assets Land areas Machinery and equipment Other tangible assets Tangible assets, total Investments Shares in subsidiaries Shares in associates Other securities and shares Investments, total Non-current assets, total Current assets Non-current receivables Current receivables Cash and cash equivalents Current assets, total ASSETS

Note 10 11 12

31 Dec 2016
0.2 0.4 0.6
4.9 0.2 0.2 5.3
82.6 0.2 0.9
83.6 89.5

31 Dec 2015
0.3 0.6 1.0
5.2 0.4 0.2 5.8
82.6 0.2 0.9
83.6 90.4

M
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Equity
Share capital Share premium Contingency fund Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Retained earnings Profit for the period Equity, total Accumulated appropriations Liabilities Non-current liabilities Current liabilities Total liabilities SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

13

571.4

340.5

14

87.6

99.9

14.0

3.0

673.0

443.4

762.5

533.8

Note

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

15

58.0

58.0

35.8

35.8

0.0

0.0

17.9

17.9

67.2

11.3

67.5

159.6

246.4

282.6

16

0.0

0.0

17

336.5

108.1

18

179.6

143.1

516.1

251.2

762.5

533.8

F-73

VVO Group plc

Parent company's cash flow statement, FAS

M
Cash flow from operating activities Profit before appropriations and taxes Adjustments: Depreciation according to plan and impairment Asset purchase Financial income and expenses Other adjustments Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital Change in working capital: Change in sales receivables and other receivables Change in accounts payable and other liabilities Cash flow from operating activities before financial items, provisions and taxes
Interest paid and payments on other operational financial costs Financial income from operating activities Direct taxes paid Cash flow from operating activities

1­12/2016 1­12/2015

2.5
0.7 0.0 -2.2 -2.6
-1.6
-0.7 0.5
-1.8
-6.5 0.6 -11.5 -19.2

129.1
0.7 0.0 -130.7 -0.3
-1.2
0.4 0.1
-0.8
-4.2 0.8 -6.9 -11.1

M
Capital gains from financial securities Interest and dividends received on investments Cash flow from investing activities
Cash flow from financing activities Withdrawals of long-term loans Repayments on long-term loans Withdrawals of short-term loans Repayments on short-term loans Dividends paid Group contributions received Cash flow from financing activities
Change in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

Cash flow from investing activities Investments in tangible and intangible assets Capital gains from the disposal of tangible and intangible assets Capital gains on other investments Long-term loans granted Repayments on long-term loan receivables Asset purchase

-0.1 2.9
-198.2 0.0

0.0 0.1 0.2 -179.1 0.1 0.0

1­12/2016 1­12/2015

9.5 -186.0

4.1 133.1
-41.6

230.0 -0.4
412.4 -361.2 -103.6
39.0 216.1
11.0
3.0 14.0

-0.4 317.0 -264.6 -22.2
25.0 54.7
2.1
0.9 3.0

F-74

VVO Group plc

Parent company accounting policies

.. .

VVO Group plc's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Finnish Accounting Act and the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.
Income related to rental operations and compensation for administration costs Income related to rental operations and compensation for administration costs are recognised on an accrual basis during the agreement period.
Valuation of fixed assets Tangible and intangible assets are recognised in the balance sheet at original acquisition cost less depreciation according to plan and possible impairment. Depreciations according to plan are calculated as straight-line depreciation on the basis of the estimated useful life of the assets.
The depreciation periods according to plan, based on the useful life, are as follows: IT hardware and software............ 4­5 years Office machinery and equipment... 4 years Cars .................................................. 4 years

Costs that arise later are included in the book value of a tangible asset only if it is likely that the future economic benefit related to the asset will benefit the Group. Other maintenance and repair expenses are recognised as incurred through profit and loss.
Capital gains from the sale of fixed assets are recorded under other operating income and losses under other operating costs.
Development expenditure Development costs are recognised as expenses in the income statement in the financial year in which they are generated.
Valuation of financial assets Financial securities have been recognised at the lower of purchase price or market price on the balance sheet date.
Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are presented in the notes to the financial statements.

Statutory provisions Future costs and apparent losses with a reasonably estimable monetary value which will no longer generate future income and which the Group is obligated or committed to perform are recognised as expenses in the income statement and as statutory provisions in the balance sheet.
Accumulated appropriations Appropriations consist of accumulated depreciation differences.
Accrual of pension costs The pension cover of Group companies is handled by external pension insurance companies in all respects. Pension costs are recognised as costs in the income statement on an accrual basis.
Accounting principles for the cash flow statement The cash flow statement has been compiled on the basis of the information in the

income statement and balance sheet and their supplementary information.
Cash and cash equivalents include bank accounts, liquid deposit notes and certificates of deposit.
Items denominated in foreign currencies All of the receivables and liabilities are euro-denominated.
Derivative instruments Derivative instruments that hedge against the interest rate risks of long-term loans have not been entered into the balance sheet. They are reported in the notes to the financial statements.
The interest income and expenses based on derivative instruments are allocated over the agreement period and are used to adjust the interest rates of the hedged asset.

F-75

VVO Group plc

Notes to the parent company financial statements

1. Turnover M
Plot rental income Other rents Rental income, total Central administration services IT rental income Other sales revenue from administration Other sales revenue, total Turnover, total
2. Other operating income M
Capital gains on fixed assets Income from debt collection Other operating income Total

1­12/2016
0.5 0.0 0.5 6.9 3.8 0.3 10.9 11.5
1­12/2016
2.6 0.0 0.0 2.6

1­12/2015
0.6 0.0 0.6 7.2 3.8 0.3 11.3 11.8
1­12/2015
0.3 0.0 0.0 0.3

Salaries, fees and other benefits of the Group Exeutive Team

M

1­12/2016

CEO Jani Nieminen

0.7

Salaries of Bord Members and Commitee

Riku Aalto

0.0

Matti Harjuniemi

0.0

Olli Luukkainen

0.0

Jorma Malinen

0.0

Mikko Mursula, from 17 March 2016

0.0

Reima Rytsölä

0.0

Jan-Erik Saarinen

0.0

Ann Selin

0.0

Tomi Aimonen, until 17 March 2016

0.0

Eloranta Jarkko

0.0

Laukkanen Ville-Veikko

0.0

Pesonen Pasi

0.0

Torsti Esko

0.0

Ritakallio Timo

Total

0.9

1­12/2015
0.7
0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
0.0 0.9

3. Personnel costs
M
Wages, salaries and fees Pension costs Other employer contributions Total

1­12/2016
3.2 0.6 0.1 3.9

1­12/2015
3.4 0.8 0.1 4.3

Average number of personnel

F-76

2016 21

2015 30

VVO Group plc

VVO Group plc's CEO and Management Group are paid in accordance with a total remuneration policy, and their retirement age is 63 years. Pension liability is covered with a pension insurance, in which an in-
4. Depreciation according to plan M Intangible assets Other long-term expenses Machinery and equipment Total
5. Other operating costs M

surance premium corresponding to two months' taxable income is paid annually into a group pension insurance plan. The period of notice for terminating the CEO's employment relationship is twelve months.

1­12/2016
0.2 0.3 0.2 0.7

1­12/2015
0.2 0.3 0.2 0.7

1­12/2016

1­12/2015

6. Auditor's fee 1,000  KPMG Oy Ab, authorised public accounting firm Audit fees Tax advice Advisory services Total
7. Financial income and expenses M Dividend income
From Group companies From others Total

Property tax Other property-related administrative costs Rents and maintenance charges Central administration Total

0.2

0.2

0.0

0.0

M

0.4

0.4

Interest income

8.6

8.2

From Group companies

9.2

8.8

From others

Other financial income

Total

Dividend, interest and financial income total

1­12/2016

1­12/2015

51.5 404.6
76.0 532.1

48.4 94.2 20.4 162.9

1­12/2016

1­12/2015

125.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

125.1

1­12/2016

1­12/2015

8.2

8.8

0.0

0.0

1.2

8.2

9.9

8.2

135.1

F-77

VVO Group plc

M Value adjustments in investments
Value adjustments in financial securities Total
M Interest and other financial expenses
To Group companies To others Total Total financial income and expenses
8. Appropriations M Group contributions, received Depreciation difference for machinery and equipment Total
9. Income tax M Income tax on operational income Income tax from previous financial years Total

1­12/2016
1­12/2016 -6.0 -6.0 2.2

1­12/2015 10. Intangible assets

0.4 0.4
1­12/2015
0.0 -4.8 -4.8 130.7

M
Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2016 Increases Acquisition cost as at 31 Dec 2016
Accumulated depreciation as at 1 Jan 2016 Depreciation for the financial year Accumulated depreciation as at 31 Dec 2016
Book value as at 31 Dec 2016

1­12/2016 81.9 0.0 81.9
1­12/2016 16.9 16.9

1­12/2015 39.0 0.0 39.0
1­12/2015 8.5 0.0 8.5

M
Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2015 Decreases Acquisition cost as at 31 Dec 2015
Accumulated depreciation as at 1 Jan 2015 Depreciation for the financial year Accumulated depreciation as at 31 Dec 2015
Book value as at 31 Dec 2015

F-78

Rights 2.5 0.1 2.6
-2.2 -0.2 -2.3 0.2
Rights 2.5 0.0 2.5
-2.0 -0.2 -2.2 0.3

Other long-term expenses
2.8
2.8
-2.2 -0.3 -2.4 0.4
Other long-term expenses
2.8
2.8
-1.9 -0.3 -2.2 0.6

Total 5.3 0.1 5.4
-4.4 -0.4 -4.8 0.6
Total 5.3 0.0 5.3
-3.9 -0.4 -4.4 1.0

VVO Group plc

11. Tangible assets
M
Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2016 Increases Decreases Acquisition cost as at 31 Dec 2016
Accumulated depreciation as at 1 Jan 2016 Depreciation for the financial year Decreases Accumulated depreciation as at 31 Dec 2016
Book value as at 31 Dec 2016

Machinery and

Other

Land areas equipment tangible assets

5.2

1.7

0.2

0.0

-0.3

0.0

0.0

4.9

1.7

0.2

-1.3

-0.2 0.0

-1.5

4.9

0.2

0.2

M
Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2015 Increases Decreases Acquisition cost as at 31 Dec 2015
Accumulated depreciation as at 1 Jan 2015 Depreciation for the financial year Decreases Accumulated depreciation as at 31 Dec 2015
Book value as at 31 Dec 2015

Machinery and

Other

Land areas equipment tangible assets

5.2

1.7

0.2

0.1

0.0

-0.1

5.2

1.7

0.2

-1.1

-0.2 0.1 -1.3

5.2

0.4

0.2

Total
7.1 0.0 -0.3
6.8

12. Investments M

Shares in subsidiaries

Shares in associates

Other securities and shares

Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2016

82.6

0.2

0.9

Acquisition cost as at 31 DecJan 2016

82.6

0.2

0.9

Book value as at 31 Dec 2016

82.6

0.2

0.9

-1.3
-0.2 0.0 -1.5 5.3
Total
7.1 0.1 -0.1 7.1

Other

Shares in

Shares in

securities

M

subsidiaries associates and shares

Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2015

82.6

0.2

0.9

Decreases

0.0

Book value as at 31 Dec 2015

82.6

0.2

0.9

Appreciations as at 1 Jan Decreases Appreciations as at 1 Jan/31 Dec 2015
Book value as at 31 Dec 2015

2.1 -2.1 0.0

82.6

0.2

0.9

Total 83.6 83.6 83.6
Total 83.6
0.0 83.6
2.1 -2.1 0.0 83.6

-1.1 -0.2 0.1 -1.3 5.8
F-79

VVO Group plc

13. Non-current receivables
M Loan receivables from Group companies Loan receivables from others Accrued income Total
M Bond issuance costs recorded in non-current receivables

31 Dec 2016 569.6 0.1 1.7 571.4
31.12.2016
1.7

14. Current receivables

31 Dec 2015 340.1 0.1 0.3 340.5
31.12.2015
0.3

M
Accounts receivable From Group companies
Accounts receivable Other receivables Accrued income From Group companies, total Loan receivables Other receivables Accrued income Total

M
Bond issuance costs recorded in current receivables

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015 0.0

2.1 85.1
87.1 0.1 0.0 0.4
87.6

1.6 96.2
1.9 99.7
0.1 0.0 0.1 99.9

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

0.4

0.1

F-80

VVO Group plc

15. Equity
M
Share capital as at 1 Jan Share capital as at 31 Dec Share premium as at 1 Jan Share premium as at 31 Dec Revaluation reserve as at 1 Jan Decreases Revaluation reserve as at 31 Dec Other reserves at 1 Jan
Contingency fund as at 1 Jan Contingency fund as at 31 Dec Reserve for invested unrestricted equity as at 1 Jan Reserve for invested unrestricted equity as at 31 Dec Other reserves at 31 Dec Retained earnings as at 1 Jan Dividend distribution Retained earnings as at 31 Dec Profit for the period Total

31 Dec 2016 58.0 58.0 35.8 35.8
0.0 0.0 17.9 17.9 17.9 170.9 -103.6 67.2 67.5 246.4

Calculation on distributable equity

31 Dec 2015 58.0 58.0 35.8 35.8 2.1 -2.1 0.0
0.0 0.0

M Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Retained earnings Profit for the period Total
The parent company's share capital by share class million shares Series A (20 votes per share)

17.9

17.9 17.9 33.5 -22.2 11.3 159.6 282.6

16. Accumulated appropriations
M Accumulated depreciation difference
Machinery and equipment Total

31 Dec 2016
17.9 67.2 67.5 152.6

31 Dec 2015
17.9 11.3 159.6 188.7

31 Dec 2016 7.4

31 Dec 2015 7.4

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

F-81

VVO Group plc

17. Non-current liabilities
M Loans from financial institutions Bonds Accrued expenses, wages and salaries Total
18. Current liabilities M Loans from financial institutions, instalments in the next financial year Trade payables Liabilities to Group companies
Trade payables Other debts Other debts Accrued expenses Financial liabilities Payroll including social security contributions Tax liabilities Total

31 Dec 2016 35.9
300.0 0.5
336.5
31 Dec 2016
1.0 0.8
0.1 22.9 142.2
2.7 1.6 8.4 179.6

19. Derivative instruments

31 Dec 2015 7.0
100.0 1.1
108.1
31 Dec 2015
0.4 0.4
0.0 26.4 110.0
2.0 0.8 3.0 143.1

M
Interest rate swaps Nominal value Fair value

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

86.4 -0.9

56.8 -0.5

Hedge accounting is applied to interest rate swaps as their terms and conditions are similar to the terms and conditions of the hedged loan agreements. Interest rate swaps have not been recognised through profit and loss. If the duration of the derivative is longer than that of the loan, it is highly likely that the loan will be extended.

20. Collateral and contingent liabilities
M
Loans that mature in more than five years Market-based loans
Loans for which mortgage on and shares in property have been given as a guarantee
Loans from financial institutions Mortgages given Guarantees given Counter-guarantee Counter-guarantees for received external guarantees

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

228.2

1.4

2.2 4.1
191.7 8.1

2.4 4.9
210.4 8.6

F-82

VVO Group plc

21. Other liabilities
Car leasing liabilities
M
Car leasing liabilities Payable during the next financial year Payable later
Electricity hedging Electricity procurement was hedged with electricity derivatives quoted on the Nordic electricity exchange Nord Pool in accordance with the risk policy approved by VVO Group. The market value of the hedges for 2017­2021 was EUR -386,419.01 (-1,209,081.75) at the closing date. Unrealised changes in fair value have not been taken into account in the income statement or balance sheet of VVO Group plc.

31 Dec 2016

31 Dec 2015

0.1

0.1

0.0

0.8

F-83

VVO Group plc

Signatures to the annual report and financial statements

    

Helsinki, 3 March 2017

Riku Aalto Chairman of the Board of Directors

Matti Harjuniemi

Olli Luukkainen

Reima Rytsölä

Jan-Erik Saarinen

Mikko Mursula Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors
Jorma Malinen
Ann Selin

Jani Nieminen CEO

A report on the audit has been issued today. Helsinki, 3 March 2017 KPMG Oy Ab
Esa Kailiala, APA
F-84

VVO Group plc

Auditor's report

This document is an English translation of the Finnish auditor's report. Only the Finnish version of the report is legally binding.

To the Annual General Meeting of VVO Group plc
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements
Opinion We have audited the financial statements of VVO Group plc (business identity code 0116336-2) for the year ended 31 December, 2016. The financial statements comprise the consolidated balance sheet, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, statement of cash flows and notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies, as well as the parent company's balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows and notes.
In our opinion ­ the consolidated financial statements
give a true and fair view of the group's financial performance, financial position and cash flows in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU

­ the financial statements give a true and fair view of the parent company's financial performance and financial position in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements.
Basis for Opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good auditing practice are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report.
We are independent of the parent company and of the group companies in accordance with the ethical requirements that are applicable in Finland and are relevant to our audit, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Materiality The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. The materiality is determined based on our professional judgement and is used to determine the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of identified misstatements on the financial statements as a whole. The level of materiality we set is based on our assessment of the magnitude of misstatements that, individually or in aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have influence on the economic decisions of the users of the financial statements. We have also taken into account misstatements and/or possible misstatements that in our opinion are material for qualitative reasons for the users of the financial statements.
Key Audit Matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,

and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
We have also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls. This includes consideration of whether there was evidence of management bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

F-85

VVO Group plc

The key audit matter

How the matter was addressed in the audit

Valuation of investment properties (Refer to notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements)

­ Investment properties (4,228 million) represent 92 % of the consolidated total assets as at 31 December 2016. Valuation of investment properties is considered a key audit matter due to management's estimates used in forecasts underlying the valuations, and significance of the carrying amounts involved.
­ The fair values of investment properties are determined a property-specific basis using the transaction value, income value or acquisition cost. Determining the underlying key assumptions requires management to make judgements in respect of return requirements, maintenance costs and choice of actual sales considered comparable, among others.

­ We assessed the assumptions used requiring management judgement, as well as the grounds for substantial changes in fair values. We also tested controls in place in the company over the fair value accounting.
­ We involved KPMG valuation specialists, to test the technical appropriateness of the calculations, and to compare the assumptions used to market and industry data, on a sample basis.
­ We met with the external property valuer (Authorised Property Valuer, AKA) used by the Group, to evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation method applied by VVO.
­ We assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures provided on the investment properties.

The key audit matter

How the matter was addressed in the audit

Total revenue: recognition of rental income (Refer to notes 1 to the consolidated financial statements)

­ The Group's total revenue consists almost solely of rental income from investment properties.
­ The industry is marked by a large lease portfolio with a substantial number of invoicing and payment transactions monthly.

­ We evaluated and tested controls over the accuracy of rental income, to assess the completeness and accuracy of total revenue.

Property Acquisitions, Divestments and Investments (Refer to notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements)

­ During the financial year, VVO carried out two major property transactions. The Group acquired 2,274 apartments and sold 9,011 apartments. Furthermore, 649 apartments were completed in 2016 and 1,536 were under construction at the end of the financial year. The sale and purchase agreements for property acquisitions and disposals may have terms, which require judgement from management to consider the timing and amount of gains or losses arising from disposals.

­ We evaluated the internal control environment and tested controls over the approval process for investment projects and property transactions.
­ Our substantive procedures included assessing the appropriateness of the documentation underlying the accounting for major property transactions.

F-86

VVO Group plc

The key audit matter

How the matter was addressed in the audit

Accounting for interest-bearing liabilities and derivative instruments (Refer to notes 1, 21 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements)

­ At the year-end 2016, VVO's interestbearing liabilities totaled  2,123 million, representing 46 percent of the consolidated balance sheet total.
­ The Group utilizes interest rate derivative contracts, measured at fair value. The nominal value of these derivatives totaled 1,273 million as at 31 December 2016. VVO uses derivative contracts mainly to hedge its interest rate risk exposure. The Group applies hedge accounting to qualifying interest rate derivative instruments.

­ Our audit procedures included evaluation of the appropriateness of the recognition and measurement policies for financial instruments, and testing of the controls relevant to the accuracy and measurement of financial instruments.
­ We tested the accuracy of the measurements and the accruals for financial items on a sample basis.
­ We assessed the appropriateness of the hedge accounting as applied by VVO.
­ We assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures provided on the interest bearing liabilities and derivative instruments.

Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, and of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of financial statements in Finland and comply with statuto-

ry requirements. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for assessing the parent company's and the group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going con-

cern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The financial statements are prepared using the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the parent company or the group or cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance on whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with good auditing practice will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also: ­ Identify and assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,

design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. ­ Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the parent company's or the group's internal control. ­ Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management. ­ Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors' and the Managing Director's use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the parent company's or the group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we

F-87

VVO Group plc

are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the parent company or the group to cease to continue as a going concern. ­ Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that the financial statements give a true and fair view. ­ Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Reporting Requirements
Other Information The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises information included in the report of the Board of Directors and in the Annual Report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. We ob-

tained the report of the Board of Directors prior to the date of this auditor's report, and the Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after that date.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to the report of the Board of Directors, our responsibility also includes considering whether the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
In our opinion, the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
If, based on the work we have performed on the report of the Board of Directors, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Other Opinions We support that the financial statements should be adopted. The proposal by the Board of Directors regarding the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet is in compliance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. We support that the Members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director should be discharged from liability for the financial period audited by us.
Helsinki, 3 March 2017 KPMG OY AB
Esa Kailiala
Authorised Public Accountant, KHT

F-88

VVO Group plc

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR'S REPORT OF KOJAMO GROUP AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015
F-89

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Consolidated income statement, IFRS

Consolidated income statement, IFRS

M
Total revenue
Maintenance expenses
Repair expenses
Net rental income Administrative expenses Other operating income Other operating expenses Profit/loss on sales of investment properties Profit/loss on sales of trading properties Fair value change of investment properties Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses
Operating profit / loss
Financial income
Financial expenses Total amount of financial income and expenses Share of result from associated companies
Profit before taxes Current tax expense Change in deferred taxes
Profit/loss for the period

Note
5, 7 4 4 4 11 6
8
9 9

1-12/2015 370.9 -97.0 -46.5 227.4 -39.7 2.1 -0.4
2.7
0.0
70.3
-1.2 261.2
7.8 -44.8
-37.1
0.6 224.7
-22.1 -23.2 179.4

1-12/2014 356.5 -97.1 -49.5 210.0 -38.7 2.9 -0.9
-4.6
-0.2
26.2
-1.7 192.9
2.7 -50.0
-47.3
0.9 146.5 -23.5
-12.2 110.8

Profit of the financial period attributable to
Shareholders of the parent company
Non-controlling interests

179.3 -0.1

110.7 -0.1

F-90

Earnings per share based on profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company Basic, euro Diluted, euro
Average number of the shares, millions
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF THE COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
M
Profit/loss for the period Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified subsequently
to profit or loss Cash flow hedgings Available-for-sale financial assets
Deferred taxes Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Total comprehensive income for the period
Total comprehensive income attributable to Shareholders of the parent company
Non-controlling interests

10

24.23

14.95

10

24.23

14.95

10

7.4

7.4

1-12/2015 179.4

1-12/2014 110.8

8

4.6

-1.6 -0.6

2.4 181.8

181.7 -0.1

-19.5 0.6 3.8
-15.1 95.7
95.6 -0.1

F-91

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Consolidated balance sheet, IFRS

Consolidated balance sheet, IFRS

M ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets Investment properties Property, plant and equipment Investments in associated companies Financial assets Non-current receivables Deferred tax assets Non-current assets total Investment properties held for sale Current assets Trading properties Current tax assets Trade and other receivables Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents Current assets total ASSETS TOTAL

Note 31 Dec 2015 31 Dec 2014

1 Jan 2014

13 3, 11
12
14 15 16
3, 11
17
18
19

1.1 3,464.9
31.2 1.0 0.5 2.2 12.0 3,513.1 541.0
1.0
1.7 8.8 54.6 116.0 182.0 4,236.1

1.4 3,708.8
31.7 3.5 0.6 2.8 11.8 3,760.6 0.0
3.0
1.4 9.6 68.3 114.4 196.7 3,957.2

1.7 3,510.3
32.3 3.2 0.6 3.8 7.4
3,559.4 0.0
5.3
0.1 13.2 65.8 130.2 214.6 3,774.0

SHAREHOLDER' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company Share capital Share issue premium Fair value reserve Invested non-restricted equity reserve Retained earnings

20

58.0

58.0

58.0

35.8

35.8

35.8

-32.6

-35.0

-19.9

17.9

17.9

17.9

1,659.4

1,502.3

1,407.9

F-92

Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company Non-controlling interests Total equity
LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Derivatives Provisions Other non-current liabilites Non-current liabilities total Liabilities held for sale Current liabilities Current liabilities Derivatives Current tax liabilities Trade and other payables Current liabilities total Total liabilities TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

1,738.5 0.6
1,739.1

1,579.0 0.5
1,579.5

1,499.6 0.4
1,500.1

21

1,259.8

16

429.8

22

48.4

23

0.9

7.1

1,746.0

3

467.1

1,689.3 405.9 53.7 1.5 7.4
2,157.7 0.0

1,657.2 392.8 29.1 1.3 8.0
2,088.5 0.0

21

234.7

160.8

132.6

22

1.3

1.1

1.2

9.9

12.3

5.9

24

38.0

45.9

45.7

283.9

220.0

185.4

2,497.1

2,377.8

2,273.9

4,236.1

3,957.2

3,774.0

F-93

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Consolidated statement of cash flows, IFRS

Consolidated statement of cash flows, IFRS

M Cash flow from operating activities Profit for the period Adjustments Change in net working capital Interest paid Interest received Other financial items Taxes paid Net cash flow from operating activities

Note 27

1-12/2015
179.4 9.0 0.0
-42.4 0.6 -0.5
-24.8 121.3

1-12/2014
110.8 61.7 2.1
-45.2 1.0 -0.2
-18.4 111.7

Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of investment properties Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Proceeds from sale of investment properties Proceeds from sale of associated companies Purchases of financial assets Proceeds from sale of financial assets Non-current loans, granted Repayments of non-current receivables Interest and dividends received on investments Net cash flow from investing activities

-230.9
-0.5 15.4 0.0 -39.0 53.7 -0.2 0.5
1.3 -199.8

-200.3
-0.3 26.4 0.6 -13.2 11.7
0.1 1.1 -173.8

Cash flow from financing activities Non-current loans, raised Non-current loans, repayments

195.9 -134.2

124.2 -60.9

F-94

Current loans, raised Current loans, repayments Dividends paid Net cash flow from financing activities
Change in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period

252.3 -209.1
-22.2 82.7
4.2
114.4 118.6

*) 31 Dec 2015 includes liquid assets related to Assets held for sale

197.4 -198.1 -16.3 46.3
-15.8
130.2 114.4

F-95

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders' equity, IFRS

Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders' equity, IFRS

M
Equity at 1 Jan 2015
Comprehensive income
Cash flow hedging
Availablefor-sale financial assets
Result for the financial period
Total comprehensive income
Transactions with shareholders
Dividend payment
Total transactions with shareholders
Total change in equity
Equity at 31 Dec 2015

Share capital

Share issue premium

Invested non-
Fair restricted value equity reserve reserve

Equity

attri-

butable to

share-

holders of

the

Non-

Retained parent controlling

earnings company interests

Total equity

58.0

35.8

-35.0

17.9 1,502.3 1,579.0

0.5 1,579.5

3.7

3.7

-1.3

-1.3

179.3

179.3

0.0

0.0

2.4

0.0

179.3

181.7

3.7

-1.3

0.1

179.4

0.1

181.8

-22.2

-22.2

-22.2

0.0 58.0

0.0 35.8

0.0 2.4 -32.6

0.0

-22.2

-22.2

157.1

159.5

17.9 1,659.4 1,738.5

0.0 -22.2

0.1

159.6

0.6 1,739.1

F-96

M
Adjusted equity at 1 Jan 2014
Comprehensive income
Cash flow hedging
Availablefor-sale financial assets
Result for the financial period
Total comprehensive income
Transactions with shareholders
Dividend payment
Total transactions with shareholders
Total change in equity
Equity at 31 Dec 2014

Share capital

Share issue premium

Invested non-
Fair restricted value equity reserve reserve

Equity

attri-

butable to

share-

holders of

the

Non-

Retained parent controlling

earnings company interests

Total equity

58.0

35.8

-19.9

17.9 1,407.9 1,499.7

0.4 1,500.1

-15.6

-15.6

0.5

0.5

110.7

110.7

0.0

0.0

-15.1

0.0

110.7

95.6

-15.6

0.5

0.1

110.8

0.1

95.7

-16.3

-16.3

-16.3

0.0 58.0

0.0 35.8

0.0 -15.1 -35.0

0.0

-16.3

-16.3

94.4

79.3

17.9 1,502.3 1,579.0

0.0

-16.3

0.1

79.4

0.5 1,579.5

F-97

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
F-98

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 1. Accounting policies for consolidated financial statements
1. Accounting policies for consolidated financial statements
Basic information of the Group
VVO Group plc is Finland's largest market-based, private-sector landlord that has offered versatile and effortless rental solutions for over 45 years. Its range of apartments is extensive. On 31 December 2015, the Group owned 41,153 rental apartments across Finland. Of these, 28,167 are Lumo apartments (market-based rent) and 12,986 are VVO apartments (cost principle rent).
VVO Group's parent company, VVO Group plc, is a Finnish public limited company established under Finnish law and domiciled in Helsinki. Its registered address is Mannerheimintie 168, 00300 Helsinki, Finland. The Board of Directors approved the financial statements for 2015 on 2 March 2016. A copy of the consolidated financial statements is available at www.vvo.fi or the parent company head office.
In its meeting on 2 March 2016, VVO Group plc's Board of Directors has approved these financial statements to be published. According to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act, the shareholders may approve or reject the financial statements in a General Meeting held after the publication of the financial statements. Moreover, the General Meeting may make a decision on altering the financial statements.
Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs). All IFRS and IAS, as well as SIC and IFRIC interpretations in force on 31 December 2015 and approved by the EU for application have been applied to the preparation of the financial statements. The International Financial Reporting Standards refer to the standards and associated interpretations in the Finnish
F-99

Accounting Act and in regulations issued under it that are approved by the EU for application in accordance with the procedure laid down in Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002. VVO has not early adopted any standards or interpretations. The notes to the consolidated financial statements are also in accordance with the requirements of the Finnish accounting and corporate legislation supplementing the IFRS rules.
The figures in the consolidated financial statements are in euro, presented mainly as million euro. All the figures presented are rounded. Consequently, the sum of individual figures may deviate from the aggregate amount presented. The key figures have been calculated using exact values. The consolidated financial statements are presented for the calendar year, which is also the reporting period for the parent company and the Group.
Investment properties, derivative instruments and available-for-sale financial assets are measured at fair value after initial recognition. In other respects, the consolidated financial statements are prepared on the basis of original acquisition cost, unless otherwise stated in the accounting policies.
Transition to IFRS
The financial statements for 2015 are VVO's first consolidated IFRS financial statements. For periods up to and including the year ended 31 December 2014, VVO has prepared its consolidated financial statements in accordance with Finnish Accounting Standards (FAS). VVO's Annual Report 2014 includes FAS accounting policies. The Group's date of transition to IFRS was 1 January 2014. VVO has applied IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards in the transition. The accounting policies described below have been applied to the preparation of the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2015, the comparative information for the financial year ended 31 December 2014 and the opening IFRS balance sheet 1 January 2014.
The transition from FAS to IFRS has affected the reported financial position, financial performance and cash flows of VVO. The effects of the transition are described in more detail in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, including:
S reconciliations of the consolidated equity reported in accordance with FAS to the consolidated equity in accordance with IFRS, as at 1 January 2014 (opening IFRS balance sheet) and as at 31 December 2014
· a reconciliation of total comprehensive income in accordance with FAS to total comprehensive income in accordance with IFRS for the financial year 2014.
F-100

comprehensive income in accordance with IFRS for the financial year 2014.
Consolidation policies
The consolidated financial statements include the parent company VVO Group plc, the subsidiaries, interests in joint arrangements (joint operations) and investments in associated companies.
More detailed information on entities consolidated on the consolidated financial statements for 2015 is provided in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are companies that are under the parent company's control. VVO is considered to control an entity when VVO is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement in the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its control over the entity. The control is usually based on the parent company's direct or indirect holding of more than 50 per cent of the voting rights in the subsidiary. Should facts or circumstances change in the future, VVO will reassess whether it continues to have control over the entity.
Mutual shareholdings are eliminated using the acquisition cost method. Subsidiaries acquired during the financial year are consolidated in the financial statements from the day of acquisition, when the Group gained control of the company. Divested subsidiaries are consolidated until the date of divestment, when control ceases. Intra-Group transactions, receivables, liabilities, essential internal margins and internal profit distribution have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.
The result for the financial year and total comprehensive income are allocated to the owners of the parent company and non-controlling interests, and this allocation is presented in the income state-ment and comprehensive income. The result for the financial year and total comprehensive income are allocated to the owners of the parent company and to non-controlling interests even in situations where the allocation would result in the non-controlling interests' share being negative, unless non-controlling interests have an exemption not to meet obligations which exceed non-controlling interests' investment in the company. Equity attributable to non-controlling interests is presented on the balance sheet separate from equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company.
F-101

Joint arrangements
A joint arrangement is an arrangement in which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
A joint arrangement is either a joint operation or joint venture. In a joint operation, VVO has rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement, whereas a joint venture is an arrangement in which VVO has rights to the net assets of the arrangement. All of VVO's joint arrangements are joint operations. They include those housing companies and mutual real estate companies in which VVO has a holding of less than 100 per cent. In these companies, the shares held by VVO carry entitlement to control over specified premises.
VVO includes in its consolidated financial statements on a line-by-line basis and in proportion to its ownership its share of the assets and liabilities on the balance sheet related to joint operations, as well as its share of any joint assets and liabilities. In addition, VVO recognises its income and expenses related to joint operations, including its share of the income and expenses from joint operations. VVO applies this proportional consolidation method to all the joint operations described above, regardless of the Group's holding. If the proportionally consolidated companies have such items on the consolidated comprehensive income statement or balance sheet that solely belong to VVO or other owners, these items are dealt with accordingly also in VVO's consolidated financial statements.
Associated companies
Associated companies are entities over which VVO has considerable influence. Considerable influence is basically defined as VVO holding 20­50 per cent of the votes in the company or VVO is otherwise exercising considerable influence but does not have control in the company. Holdings in associated companies are consolidated in the financial statements using the equity method from the date of acquiring considerable influence until the date when the considerable influence ends. VVO's share of the results of associated companies is shown on a separate line on the income statement.
F-102

Business combinations and asset acquisition
Acquisitions of investment properties by VVO are accounted for as an acquisition of asset or a group of assets, or a business combination within the scope of IFRS 3 Business Combinations. Reference is made to IFRS 3 to determine whether a transaction is a business combination. This requires the management's judgment.
IFRS 3 is applied to the acquisition of investment property when the acquisition is considered to constitute an entity that is treated as a business. Usually, a single property and its rental agreement does not constitute a business entity. To constitute a business entity, the acquisition of the property should include acquired operations and people carrying out these operations, such as marketing of properties, management of tenancies and property repairs and renovation.
The consideration transferred in the business combination and the detailed assets and accepted liabilities of the acquired entity are measured at fair value on the acquisition date. Goodwill is recognised at the amount of consideration transferred, interest of noncontrolling shareholders in the acquiree and previously held interest in the acquiree minus VVO's share of the fair value of the acquired net assets. Goodwill is not amortised, but it is tested for impairment at least annually.
Acquisitions that do not meet the definition of business in accordance with IFRS 3 are accounted for as asset acquisitions. In this event, goodwill or deferred taxes, etc., are not recognised.
Translation of foreign currency items
Transactions in foreign currency are recorded in EUR at the exchange rate on the transaction date. On the last date of the reporting period, monetary receivables and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into EUR at the exchange rate of the last date of the reporting period. Gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in foreign currency and from translating monetary items are recognised in profit or loss, and they are included in financial income and expenses. Consolidated financial statements are presented in EUR, which is the parent company's functional and presentation currency.
The Group has very few transactions denominated in foreign currencies. VVO has no units abroad.
F-103

Investment properties
General recognition and measurement principles for investment property
Investment property refers to an asset (land, building or part of a building) that VVO Group retains to earn rental income or capital appreciation, or both. An investment property can be owned directly or through an entity. Properties used for administrative purposes are owner-occupied property and included in the balance sheet line item "Property, plant and equipment". An investment property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by an entity. This distinguishes investment property from owneroccupied property.
Investment property is measured initially at acquisition cost, including related transaction costs, such as transfer taxes and professional fees, as well as capitalised expenditure arising from eligible modernisation. The acquisition cost also includes related borrowing costs, such as interest costs and arrangement fees, directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of an investment property. The capitalisation of borrowing costs is based on the fact that an investment property is a qualifying asset, i.e. an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale. The capitalisation commences when the construction of a new building or extension begins and continues until such time as the asset is substantially ready for its intended use or sale. Capitalisable borrowing costs are either directly attributable costs accrued on the funds borrowed for a construction project or costs attributable to a construction project.
After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. The resulting changes in fair values are recognised in profit or loss as they arise. Fair value gains and losses are presented netted as a separate line item in the income statement. According to IFRS 13, Fair value measurement, fair value refers to the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to trans-fer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
Some of the investment properties are subject to legislative divestment and usage restrictions. The so-called non-profit restrictions apply to the owning company, and the socalled property-specific restrictions apply to the investment owned. The non-profit restrictions include, among other things, permanent restrictions on the company's
F-104

operations, distribution of profit, lending and provision of collateral, and the divestment of investments. The property-specific restrictions include fixed-term restrictions on the use of apartments, the selection of residents, the determination of rent and divestment of apartments.
VVO's investment property portfolio incorporates the completed investment property, investment property under construction and under major renovation and VVO Group's plot reserve. Properties classified as trading properties as well as properties classified as held for sale are included in the Group's property portfolio but excluded from the balance sheet item "Investment properties". A property is reclassified from `Investment properties' under `Trading properties' in the event of a change in the use of the property, and under `Investment property held for sale', when the sale of an investment property is deemed highly probable.
An investment property is derecognised from the balance sheet on disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Gains and losses on disposals are presented netted as a separate line item in the income statement.
Valuation techniques
The fair value of investment property determined by VVO Group is based on transaction value, income value and acquisition cost.
Transaction value
Properties of which apartments can be sold by VVO Group without restrictions are measured using transaction value. The value as of the measurement date is based on actual sales prices of com-parable apartments for the two preceding years. The source of market data applied by VVO Group is price tracking service provided by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies (KVKL), including pricing information on sales of individual apartments in Finland provided by real estate agents. The resulting transaction value is individually adjusted based on the condition, loca-tion, and other characteristics of the rental property.
Income value (yield value)
Yield value is applied when a property is required to be kept in rental use based on state-
F-105

subsidised loans (so-called ARAVA loans) or interest subsidy loans, and it can be sold just as an entire property and to a restricted group of buyers. In the yield value method, the fair value is determined by capitalising net rental income, using property-specific required rate of net rental income. The method also considers the impact of future renovations and the present value of any interest subsidies.
Acquisition cost (Balance sheet value)
VVO Group estimates that the acquisition cost of properties under construction, interest subsidised (long-term) rental properties and state-subsidised rental properties (so-called ARAVA properties) approximate their fair values. State-subsidised and interest subsidised (long-term) rental properties are carried at original acquisition cost, deducted by the depreciation accumulated up to the IFRS transition date and any impairment losses.
Fair value hierarchy
Inputs used in determining fair values (used in the valuation techniques) are classified on three levels in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy is based on the source of inputs.
Level 1 inputs
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investment property.
Level 2 inputs
Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the investment property, either directly or indirectly.
Level 3 inputs
Unobservable inputs for investment property.
An investment property measured at fair value is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement. The fair value measurement for all of the investment property of VVO Group has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value, as observable market information for the
F-106

determination of fair values has not been available.
Investment properties classified as held for sale
If the sale of an operative investment property is deemed highly probable, such a property is transferred from the balance sheet item "Investment property" to "Investment property held for sale". On that date, the carrying amount of the property is considered to be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use in rental. Reclassification requires that a sale is deemed highly probable and:
S the investment property is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject to usual and customary terms
· management is committed to an active plan to sell the property and VVO Group has ini-tiated a programme to locate a buyer and complete the plan
· the property is actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value
· the sale should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within 12 months of the date of classification.
Investment properties classified as held for sale are measured at fair value.
Trading properties
Trading properties include properties meant for sale which do not meet the objectives of the company due to their location, type or size. A property is reclassified from the balance sheet item "Investment properties" under "Trading properties" in the event of a change in the use of the property. This is evidenced by commencement of development with a view to sale. If an investment property is being developed with a view to a sale, it will be accounted for as a trading property.
Trading properties are measured at the lower of the acquisition cost or the net realisation value. The net realisation value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business deducted by the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. If the net realisation value is lower than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised.
When a trading property becomes an investment property measured at fair value, the difference between the fair value on the transfer date and its previous carrying amount is recognised in the income statement under "Profit/loss on sales of trading properties".
F-107

VVO Group's trading properties includes mainly single apartments ready for sale, business premises and parking facilities that are meant for sale but have not been sold by the balance sheet date.

Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are measured at their original acquisition cost, less accumulated depreciation and possible impairment losses, adding capitalised costs related to modernisations. VVO's property, plant and equipment consist mainly of buildings, land and machinery and equipment.

The acquisition cost includes costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the property, plant and equipment item. If the item consists of several components with different useful lives, they are treated as separate items of property, plant and equipment. In this case, costs related to the replacement of a component are capitalised, and any remaining carrying amount is derecognised from the balance sheet in connection with the replacement. Government grants received for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment are recorded as a reduction of the acquisition cost of said property, plant and equipment asset. The grants are recognised in income as lower depreciation charges over the useful life of the asset.

Costs that arise later as a result of additions, replacements of parts or maintenance, such as modernisation costs, are included in the carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment asset only in the event that the future financial benefit related to the asset will probably benefit VVO and the acquisition cost can be reliably determined. Maintenance and repair expenses are recognised immediately through profit and loss.

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognised as straight-line depreciation during the useful life. No depreciation is charged on land, as land is considered to have an indefinite useful life.

The depreciation periods according to plan, based on the useful life, are as follows:

Buildings Machinery and equipment in buildings Office machinery and equipment Cars

67 years 10-50 years 4 years 4 years

F-108

Gains and losses from sales and disposals of property, plant and equipment are recognised in the income statement and presented as other operating income and expenses.
Intangible assets
Intangible assets are recognised in the balance sheet only in the event that the acquisition cost of the asset can be reliably determined and the expected future financial benefit related to the asset will probably benefit VVO. Any other costs are immediately recognised as expenses. Intangible assets are valued at acquisition cost less amortisation and any impairment loss. The Group's intangible assets consist of licences and IT systems. Intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with a time limit are amortised over the life of the contract. The amortisation periods for intangible assets are four to five years.
Research costs are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs are recognised as ingangible assets in the balance sheet, providing that they can be reliably determined, the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, it will probably generate financial benefit in the future and the Group has the resources required for completing the research work and for using or selling the intangible asset.
The residual value, useful life and amortisation method of the asset are checked at least at the end of each financial year. When necessary, they are adjusted to reflect changes in the expectations on financial benefit.
VVO's consolidated balance sheet did not include goodwill in the periods being presented.
Impairment of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
At least once a year, VVO carries out an assessment of possible signs of impairment of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment. In practice, this is usually an asset group-specific assessment. If any signs of impairment are detected, the recoverable amount of the asset is determined.
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value
F-109

F-110

in use. The value in use is based on the expected future net cash flows resulting from the asset, discounted to the present. The recoverable amount is compared with the asset's carrying amount. An im-pairment loss is recognised if the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. Impair-ment losses are recognised in the statement of income. In connection with the recognition of the impairment loss, the useful life of the amortisable/depreciable asset is reassessed.
The impairment loss will be reversed later if the circumstances change and the recoverable amount has increased after the recognition of the impairment loss. However, reversal of impairment loss shall not exceed the asset's carrying amount less impairment loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill cannot be reversed under any circumstances.

Financial assets and liabilities
VVO applies the following principles to the classification of financial assets and liabilities and their recognition, derecognition and measurement.

The fair value hierarchy related to the fair value determination of financial assets and liabilities is similar to the hierarchy described in the Fair value hierarchy note to the consolidated financial statements.

Financial assets are classified as follows for the determination of measurement principles:

Financial asset group 1. Financial assets recognised at fair value through profit or loss 2. Available-for-sale financial assets
3. Loans and other receivables 4. Held-to-maturity investments

Instruments
Derivative instruments: interest rate and electricity, non-hedge accounting

Measurement principle
Fair value, changes in value are recognised in the income statement

a) Investments in unlisted securities

a) Original acquisition cost

less impairment loss

b) Investments in other instruments with a

reliably determinable fair valu: fund

b) Fair value, changes in

investments and investments in bonds value are basically

recognised through other

comprehensive income less

impairment loss

Sales and loan receivables, fixed-term deposits and similar receivables

Amortised cost

Bonds and similar assets

Amortised cost

The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired

F-110

and takes place at initial recognition. Transaction costs are included in the original carrying amount of financial assets for items that are not measured at fair value through profit and loss. All purchases and sales of financial assets and liabilities are recognised on the transaction date, which is the date on which the VVO undertakes to purchase or sell the financial instrument. Financial assets are derecognised from the balance sheet when VVO has lost its contractual right to the cash flows or when it has transferred a significant part of the risks and yield outside the Group.
Financial assets recognised at fair value through profit and loss VVO uses derivative instruments only for hedging purposes. Those derivative instruments that do not meet the requirements of IAS 39 Financial instruments: Recognition and Measurement con-cerning the application of hedge accounting, or if VVO has decided not to apply hedge accounting to the instrument, are included in financial assets or liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss. These instruments are classified as held for trading.
Derivative instruments are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently recognised at fair value on the last day of each reporting period.
VVO's derivative instruments consist of interest rate derivatives and electricity derivatives. The Group uses interest rate derivatives to hedge its interest rate risk exposure related to long-term loans. This refers to changes caused by fluctuating market interest rates to future interest payment cash flows (cash flow hedging) and resulting volatility in profits. The purpose of electricity deriva-tives is to limit fluctuations in the Group's result caused by changing electricity prices.
Financial assets held for sale Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated to this category or not classified in any other financial asset category. They are included in noncurrent assets, unless the investment matures or the company intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the reporting date.
Available-for-sale financial assets are measured at fair value. If the fair value cannot be reliably determined (unlisted securities), they are measured at cost less any impairment loss. The fair value is determined using quoted market rates and market prices and other appropriate valuation methods, such as recent transaction prices. Fair value changes of available-for-sale financial assets are recognised as other comprehensive income and
F-111

presented in the fair value reserve net of tax. When a financial asset classified as available for sale is sold or an impairment is recognised on it, the cumulative change in fair value is transferred from equity and recognised in profit or loss.
Loans and other receivables Loans and other receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments. They do not have quoted market prices and they are not held for trading. Loans and other receivables include VVO's financial assets obtained by handing over cash, goods or services directly to a debtor. VVO's loans and other receivables consist of sales receivables and other receivables.
Loans and other receivables are initially measured at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. They are included in current financial assets if they mature within 12 months of the end of the reporting period. Otherwise, they are included in non-current financial assets.
Held-to-maturity investments Held-to-maturity investments are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or definable related payments. They mature on a given date and VVO firmly intends and is able to keep them until this date. They are measured at amortised cost less any impairment loss, using the effective interest method. They are included in non-current assets, providing that they do not mature within 12 months of the end of the reporting period.
Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and other liquid assets. Cash equivalents include bank deposits that can be raised on demand and other short-term highly liquid investments, such as interest securities. Items classified as cash equivalents mature within three months of the date of acquisition. They are readily convertible to a known amount of cash, and the risk of changes in value is insignificant. The cash and cash equivalents of non-profit companies are kept separate from those of other companies.
Impairment of financial assets At the end of each reporting period, VVO assesses whether there is objective evidence of the impairment of any single financial asset or group of assets. `Objective evidence' may refer to evidence such as a significant or long-lasting decrease in the value of an equity instrument, falling below the instrument's acquisition cost. Impairment loss is immediately recognised in the income statement. If the value is later restored, the reversal of the impairment is recognised in equity for equity instruments and through profit or loss for
F-112

other investments.
Sales receivables are amounts that arise from renting our apartments. VVO recognises an impairment loss on an individual sales receivable when there is objective evidence that VVO will not be able to collect the full amount due. Credit losses are included in other operating expenses. Subsequent recoveries of amounts recognised as expenses are credited against other operating expenses in the income statement.

Financial liabilities are classified as follows:

Financial liability group
1. Financial liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss

Instruments
Derivative instruments: interest rate and electricity, non-hedge accounting

Measurement principle
Fair value, changes in value are recognised in the income statement

2. Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (other financial liabilities)

Various debt instruments Amortised cost

A financial liability is classified as current unless VVO has the unconditional right to defer the payment of the debt to at least 12 months from the end of the reporting period. Financial liabilities, or parts thereof, are not derecognised from the balance sheet until the debt has extinguished, i.e. once the contractually specified obligation is discharged or cancelled or expires.
Financial liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss Financial liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss include electricity derivatives and those interest rate derivatives that are not subject to hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39. Realised and unrealised gains and losses from changes in fair value are recognised in the income statement in the period in which they have arisen. In the balance sheet, the fair values of interest rate derivatives and electricity derivatives are included in current liabilities.
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (other financial liabilities) Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are initially recognised at fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of loans, such as arrangement fees that can be allocated to a particular loan, are deducted from the original amortised cost of the loan. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost

F-113

using the effective interest method. The difference between the proceeds and the redemption value is recognised as financial cost through profit and loss over the loan period.
Derivative instruments and hedge accounting VVO Group uses interest rate derivatives to hedge its exposure to changes in future interest payment cash flows concerning long-term loans. The majority of interest rate derivatives is subject to cash flow hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39. Fluctuations in the Group's result caused by changing electricity prices are restricted by using electricity derivatives. Electricity derivatives are not subject to hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39, even though these instruments are used for hedging.
Derivative instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into, and they are subsequently recognised at fair value.
At the beginning of the hedging relationship, the Group documents the relationships between each hedging instrument and hedged item as well as the objectives of risk management and the hedging strategy. The hedge effectiveness is assessed both at the beginning of and during hedging in all financial statements. This includes demonstrating whether the derivatives are effective in reversing the changes in the cash flows of the hedged items.
Changes in the fair values of derivatives within hedge accounting are recognised in components of other comprehensive income insofar as the hedging is effective. Changes in value are reported in fair value reserve in equity. Interest payments arising from interest rate derivatives are recognised in interest costs. If market interest rates are negative, interest rate swat hedges may lead to a situation in which both fixed and variable interest must be paid. The ineffective portion of a hedge is immediately recognised in the income statement in financial items. The gains and losses accumulated in equity are recognised in the income statement at the same time with the hedged item.
Changes in value from derivatives not included in hedge accounting are recognised in financial items through profit and loss.
Government grants VVO may receive various grants for its operations from different representatives of public administration. State-subsidised loans granted by the State Treasury constitute the most important form of government grants. VVO may receive a state-subsidised low-interest
F-114

0123451647895486189697478816944941963 93!4"9422043943969746297415 9794012374 249401#9642343969749$8937974154 26%9&279401237!4"9439697 2232941239461494788164561 41963 9347496951694399431439697 9$8937974342162394#4'()4014(1334516421963 9342623742343701769415 21963 934(77723942347431471#3427424798262949 43439697431 9! 21963 93462374269469137941304#9694474692713204962342494#0049 699942344454 9974946962422941494623!460462374269421394516 274826415494955994396974629415494012343479713!4"942 1341541963 93 62374#27401#434945323204926! 89@@9ABCDEF9GHG I1661#341774269472004691379427453232041774349453232049264634# 9426943669!4P1#996Q41661#3417742620941472053427797Q4247Q 23041661#34177426209414445R74397 93486189697Q474274396974177 234266239 9345997Q46904697034561 494277134164137613415494219 27797Q426942820794274826415494174154942779!4"942820721348638097415 1661#34177426949769434 169492043479134S!0!S415494(1334810974516 137102945323204729 937Q4293962046913134234 92769 93486380974516 397 934861896!
TUVWXY
(34974376 9347423413624249 137629742469720439697434445R7427797 2596493420041547402097!4"947269428204137774154948269341 823R7 163264726974027759427497!4"62372134177469042620941494779415 39#47269742694869793943497427424913Q43941542$Q4561 494861997! `9694234261841 823486279748269341 823R74726974a69276472697bQ49 137962&13482Q430342346904262094623721341774a3941542$97bQ47 994561 497426209414941#39674154948269341 823Q43049472697 2694239009416469779!4`969474726974269477979304710416469779Q423 1379621346999Q439415423469042620946237213417742343941542$97Q 74690469137943497426209414941#39674154948269341 823! 39347613414948269341 823R7472691096747469137942742402043 9413710294202394799434948961434#49493742694288619449
cdeef

1 823R7429396204g9934154)26910967!
hipqWrWpsrtusvtwpsXWsxysXtWuWWXWyr
661713742694691379434942023947994#93420049451001#34696242694 9 S 445427424869793409204164137694102134274246970415482749937 · 4748612094242341501#415469716974#0049469769414790949410213 · 942 134154941021342349469020497 29! 66171374 2469704561 4697663480237Q4139617413627416410213746902941 9493613 93Q40920421341642$97!4"942618R7486171374134S4399 96401S 13779493&926426239946979697451644454145R74a44542%9332245R7b 513964137613!4"9642 134742794134445R749$8969394154177426734561 49 6920721341547402097! "942 134691379427486171347494 2329 93R7497497 294154177469769 5164790342349$734102134134940274241549469816348961!4`969442349 9$899471 94154248617134149469 679Q49469 679 9347469137942742 798262942779441304#9349469 679 93474620049623! (4133934020474248193204102134697034154827499374234 24943669 9893341349411 941542343962345694993424749134942618R7413610 a74274946970415489334092048619937b!4'34213Q42349$7341021342 #004861204314697694 993494020414824164942 134154#4233149 690204996 39474137969427424133934020!4133934020974269 8697939434943197!
VispqyitusvtiyqysVytiywpxsWXWpstiWswWyr
445R7463196413777415469320431 94234269745164097!4"94631964274993 2794#436942$97423472097427 9349 7!4'34213Q444546913797 31 94516494790034154397 934861896974234532320431 9! 445R74631964137774 230415469320431 94561 4397 93486189697!49320 2699 9374154397 934861896974#4445427494097716426940277594274196469320 2699 937Q427444546923742477232048618161341549467%7423469#26741541#39678! g174154946932042699 93742694345169430456964319!49320431 942694561


19646932042699 9374747&69499304261774946932048961!4(7424097716Q4445 19743142946932042699 93742410494027759427453232040927342699 937! 9023414946932042699 937Q44454100974042697Q4 2304723245997!4"7 31 94742001294149489614634#4946902941747469137942749$89379! '39697431 9474691379473494955994396974 91Q423493431 947 691&3794#9342464146999482 93427426793! (349$73486189641#39444454741379694274710Q4139494772320467%7423 69#26742771294#41#39678429499346237596694561 44454149496!4"7 720042%97480294#934136104196472697474623759669!4'31 94561 4790034861896 7486979394349431 94729 9343964661501774134720974154397 93486189697!
XyitpyiuXWsxtWswpy
5964189623431 943097431 943146902941494220473977!4'43097 9 747427472097486154561 4323094277974234861896Q480234234978 93Q427 #900427431 94561 4941009134297!
yXtiysXutWswpy
d9469320431 947420029449348618964 239323942346982641774561 63196!4"97949$89379741 86794 23932394234233204698264177426734561 49 690264234133174 239323941549486189697423426946913794 929043 9431 94729 93!
yiuXWsxtipeWX
'()4S46697932134154f323204)29 9374197431495394941398415418962348615! (4445Q41896234861547495394274943942 134259642341964189623431 9 1439469320431 9Q4934934720974234 26%9349$893797Q42 37629 9$8937974234196418962&349$893797Q494726943486157415427712941 82397423 2 167213Q498692134234 826 93Q4234934239342370177974561 947817204154397 93486189697Q4561 4277977 934245264209Q4234561 494781720 154623486189697!4(00494196431 94729 9349 749$9841794 931394219 269486979394901#418962348615!423974349452642097415496294376 937 26943094349473977469704549426794561 49 746902941473977418962137g
hijjk

196#79494269469137943453232049 7!
TpYyytysyeWXr
"942618R749 80199493957430949451001#3 716&96 49 80199493957 817&9 801 93493957 96 32134939574a93957486194349$239451649496 3213415423 9 801 93b · 1964013&96 49 80199493957! lm9@HnHo@pEopqr9sooEtoCouBHG `297Q47202697Q45639493957Q4233204092942341379742694309434716&96 9 80199493957! v9GHnopqr9spoCHEtoCouBHGEwqoCGB9CEqrxCGy 617&9 801 9349395742694822094149 801997425964941 8091341549 801 93! (4445Q497949395742694690294148937137!4693713419629434942618474266239 6149$963204893713437623941 82397! 693713479 9742694027759427495394136134234953949395480237!4445 27413049539413613479 97!4(49539413613480234742489371348023 3964#4445482745$941361374314247982629493!4"94261842743140920416 137694102137414824569641361374549482994197431410475593 27797414824142004893713493957!469371348023742426943149539413613 8023742694953949395480237!462 9374 29431495394136134779 74269 691379461486154234017743494896174249413963! zo@pBCxHB9CEtoCouBHG "96 3213493957426943142794134#16%4896516 239449496 3213415 9 801 93!4"9794939574137741547996239482 937!4"96 321349395746970 9964561 4942618R74971341496 3294949 801 934164949 80199R749713 14298494939574155969444454349$239451649496 321341549 801 93! {Hmo@Er9CDnHo@pEopqr9sooEtoCouBHG 44542742469 396213479 9424196749493694896713390Q4930349 41 9395742596424789543 964154926741547969!4"9471394869793420941549
|}~~

102134697034561 494266239 9347469137942742402043494202394799 134940274241549469816348961!
yiuXWsxtyuryr
@9qExGEroGGoo 92797434#49467%7423469#26741541#3967847723200469 234#494097799 26942&139451642741896234092797!462 9374 294396418962340927974269 69137942749$&893794614861542340177427420239479949 7419649409279 96 !4g16943516 2134214445R741896234092797474220209434d19404149 137102945323204729 9374a5896234092797b!
swpytXu ywpxsWXWpstusvtyurViyysXtiWswWyr
"942$49$893794349431 94729 9341 867974669342$42349423943 95966942$40209742346992097!4'31 942$474691379434861542340177Q49$98 #93431 942$474690294149 7469137946904349741641 8139374154196 1 8699379431 9!4'3474993Q4942$4742071430943497949 7! 669342$9742694200294561 42$209486154996 39434f33742$409702134# 69596939414242042$4629Q4164242$46294247434862942886194494202394799 29!4"2$97426942794481770942$974690294148691749267! (7424609Q495966942$427797423402097426946913794516420049 81626455969397 9#993494266342 13742342$42797415427797423402097473494020 91!4(7713741543204277974137942349$981341474609!4'34445Q 9794277974309474397 934861896427713742414314 994946962415 73977493974234269496951694027759427427794277137! "94 1747352349 816264559693943494261847494559693949#993494526 209742342$427974154397 9348618969741#3944445!4(5964943204691313Q 94397 934861896474 9276942452642094614861542340177424949341549 69816348961!4(49472 94 9Q495966942$47469137943486154234017741349 2774154949 8162645596939!4"942$474279413494277 81342Q427424609Q4445 #00478179415494397 9348618964479003443494516 4154861896!4596


9 8162645596939742679Q451649$2 809Q4561 494 927&69 9341545323204376 937 245264209! (495966942$427794746913794130414949$9342447486120942456942$209 86154#00494220209414445422374#49 81626455969397423494079!4"9 9004154949&5966942$427794516469131347469277977941349402742415492 69816348961!4395966942$402097426947200469137943494202394799434500! 395966942$9742694996 39428803417942$462974a2342$402#7b424#0048612049 2042494 941548234942$!4"2$4629743451694134940274241549469816348961 2694794274942$4629Q41642$462974516494926451001#349453232049264549426943 8629428861944940274241549469816348961!
uswvwtpVysYXtrWspxVtiwpyrWwtpWyetrytrXXWuXtuiyXWUpVsWtiVystwyuisXuuWxsyXYysXrtVvxyysX uwuwspuVxsyXWsyxstXprWtwVWvyrxyysXtiyuXyvtXptXytuWwuXWpstpetXy
"9486982621341545323204729 9374342162394#494'f)46976974445R7 2329 93414 2%949 93&27949713741349428802134154942133 81097Q4274#900427497& 2974234277 813742425594942 1374154698169427797Q 02097Q431 942349$893797423494869793943197! g2329 93R74 93&279497137425594941941542133481097423 9642880213!4"7482602604288097414279745164#49466934'f)4316 7 309420963294691313Q4 92769 9341648697932134 917! 445R74 2329 934 74 2%949 93&2794971374#9342880349451001#3 2133481097 rxGGBuBFxHB9CE9uEq@9qo@HBoG 44540277597474861896481651014314397 93486189697Q4623486189697423 397 93486189697490451647209Q4342162394#4948638097497694219! f16437239Q4996 3&34#93479003474137969414949640%90434559693 6 72397469769749 934561 494 2329 93!4"940277521342742349559 134945323204729 937Q4274942629641549439394794154248618964904 4454255974941393415494697694'f)45323204729 93743516 213!


rxGGBuBFxHB9CE9uEr9CDnHo@pEroxGoG 13&96 4092797426940277594274532320409279741641896234092797!4"97940927974739 44454#45596934 382097429499342320794234134942774154942320797 445427499 949 414941896234092797!4"7474279413494 2329 93R7418313 249473523467%7423469#26742771294#49794092794266239 9374269431 623759669414445!4g16943516 2134214445R741896234092797474220209434d1940 1494137102945323204729 9374a5896234092797b! 8GBCoGGExFBGBHB9CGExCExGGoHExFBGBHB9CG (771374154397 93486189697426940277594996427427713741542779416427797 a'()41b41647397741 321374a'f)4b4'5494277134154234397 934861896 31097419641896213743421341494861896Q447413796942742473977 1 3213! ouo@@oEHxExGGoHG 3996 334#99641469137942495966942$42779413494202394799469769749 2329 93R749 93!4(495966942$42779474691379414949$9342447 86120942456942$209486154#00494220209414445422374#4909 9 8162645596939741642$4017797426694516#26423494079!4(495966942$42779 691379434248691746981634896147469137942742349$893794349431 9 729 93Q4544454743149$899414269493142$209431 941407949 9 81626455969397416437940177974241379494277451649495966942$42779! oF9DCBHB9CEq@BCFBqroE9uEouo@@oEHxoG (7424609Q49495966942$45164397 934861896974 927694245264209474996 39 277 3424949 81626455969394#004699679461479003!444542347200 781794154234397 93486189649964479003443494516 41548618964164479003 9472697434941 823Q4742742417341 823! FoqHB9CEH9EHmoEBCBHBxrE@oF9DCBHB9CE9uEouo@@oEHxoG (7424609Q495966942$427797423402097426946913794516420049 81626455969397 9#993494266342 13742342$42797415427797423402097!4(349$98134147 8638204609474137944277137415473094397 93486189697Q4#4269431 137969414 994949531341547397742163414'f)4!4'3474279Q494269 027759427427794277137Q45164#431495966942$4746916943494202394799 243204691313!4"9695169Q4940277521341548618964277137497694219 2742349559413494691313415495966942$97!
 ¡¢¡

£yYtrpViwyrtpetyrXWuXWpstVswyiXuWsXY
"9497 2974234690294277 8137426942794134445R747162049$896939423 196452167Q4742749$8921374139633456949937!4"9794269413796941 69869793494 23&29 93R74974396723342494 941549202134234909941 9469271320941379634946 72397!4"942204697074 2455964561 49 97 2974234277 8137479434945323204729 937!4¤7 297423469029 277 813742694133200492029!423974342133497 29742694691694516 94896145164#49497 294749349%9Q454942394349497 294139637 1304248961!4'54942394349497 29413963741494896143479713423 0296489617Q4942394349497 2947469169414516494896143479713423 94569489617! I901#426948697939494 174735234791374154945323204729 9374#96949 9 93497694219427499342880944 2329 93Q4274#900427494277 8137 2149456942341964%943962345216743497 2974249493415494698163 89614#4692942473523467%415423943494266342 1374154445R7427797 234020974#349439$45323204926! "94%9471697415497 21343962341396349451001#347913415494532320 729 937 ¥xB@E¦xroEpoxG@opoCHE9uEBC¦oGHpoCHEq@9qo@Hs '34445R74137102945323204729 937Q494996 32134154945264209415 397 9348618&9647494%94269242431097494 17473523439623452167 26734561 49497 2974234277 8137424294993479!4"94996 321341549 52642094154397 93486189646976974735234 2329 93476913423 277 8137Q482602604#4697894146963469769 937Q422346297Q49 99018 9341546934099074234941 8262041546237213420974346902134149 861896493492029!4g16943516 21342149452642094996 32&1345164445R7 397 93486189697474220209434d194SS41494137102945323204729 937 a'397 93486189697b! 445479742021349379742426942886186294396417946 72397Q4234516 #475593422474220209414 9276945264209!444542 7414 2$ 7949479415 69092341&79620943874234 3 79494794154317962094387!
§¨©ªª

oHo@pBCxHB9CE9uEHmoEuxB@E¦xroExCEBpqxB@poCHE9uEuBCxCFBxrEBCGH@poCHG '54969474314294 26%945164945323204376 93Q49 9347469769414996 39 52642094234 826 93!4¤$963204 26%414 26%942021374 2494794516471 9 396974629496297!4913134154 826 9347413796945494 826 9347 735234164013&0273!4'54942 134154 826 93401774969279746342 779793453232049264234949692794234941379694149469029414234993 1663425964946913134154 826 93Q494 826 93401774#00494699679!4g169 3516 2134214445R745323204376 937474220209434d194S414941371029 5323204729 9374a( 1374154532320427797423402097442916b!
Wsytr«VtursyvUtiVyyqsWrXyteWvstruXsuwsWvuutYivyrutiursvtWsXyiiyXuXWpsrtXptytuWyv
'()I4274779439#42342 939472326742343968692137Q49428802134154# 74 232164345323204926749333413416425964S4¬2326401S!4445427431428809 979472326742343968692137414948698262134154979413710294532320 729 937!4"9426184#00421849 42741549495599429416Q4549429474196423 94567424154945323204926Q4561 494933341549477979345323204926!4445 97 29742Q4348629Q49451001#3439#47232674 242947352349559741349 2618R7456945323204729 937 a4®4d149493167945164794494¤6189234¯313427424S4399 96401S!b ( 93 93414'()4S4v@oGoCHxHB9CE9uE¥BCxCFBxrElHxHopoCHG437017694'3294a95599 51645323204926749333413416425964S4¬2326401Sb!4"942 93 93742694973941 93162941 82397414288049 93434996 334943516 213414948697939 34945323204729 937!4f1649$2 809Q4942 93 93740265494288021341549 13984154 2962042349 934#934996 334#969423434#241696 3516 2134748697939434943197414945323204729 937!4"942 93 9374149 72326426943149$89941429424735234 824134445R7413710294532320 729 937! ( 93 937414°¥lE±±4¬134(66239 9374²4(13345164(771374154'39697743 ¬134589621374a95599451645323204926749333413416425964S4¬2326401Sb!4"9 2 93 93742439#423941341#4142134516494277134154234396974342 13418962134241379742473977!4'3474279Q4942880213415473977 1 32134213347469769!4"942 93 9374149472326426943149$89941 29424735234 824134445R74137102945323204729 937!
³´µ¶·

¸CCxrE°pq@9¦opoCHGEH9E°¥lQ401S0²01S4094a95599451645323204926749333413 16425964S4¬2326401Sb4'3494(33204' 8619 9374861977Q4 3164234313&693 2 93 9374149472326742694618943142482%2942347794139424926!4"9 2 93 937419645164723267!4"94 82742649893341349472326Q449 269431473523! d9#4'f)4S4o¦oCoEu@9pE9CH@xFHGEABHmEGH9po@G4a955994516453232049267 9333413416425964S4¬2326401S¹b4'f)4S497207974241 86993794562 9#16%4516 996 334#996Q41#4 4234#93469939423494691379!4'46980297 9$734699394239Q43034'()4S¹49939Q4'()4SS49CGH@FHB9CE9CH@xFHG423 'f'4S4GH9po@Eº9sxrHsEv@9D@xppoG!4¯3964'f)4SQ42349347200469137946993943 2342 1342469509749413796213414#4949349$89741494930943 9$239451641794117416479697! d9#4'f)4»4¥BCxCFBxrE°CGH@poCHG4a955994516453232048961749333413416425964S ¬2326401S¹b4"9472326469802974949$734723264'()4»4¥BCxCFBxrE°CGH@poCHG oF9DCBHB9CExCE¼oxG@opoCH!4'f)4»4309746979423941349402775213423 92769 9341545323204376 937!4"7420714196742439#49$899469401774 190 5164996 334 826 934134532320427797!4"9469769 93741396334939620 994213342942071499346979!4"9469769 9374134691313423 969131341545323204376 9374561 4'()4»4294993469239!4"942618474700 2779773494 8241549472326! "942181341549419642 9394723267423439686921374743149$89941429 234 2&9620495594134942618R745323204729 937!
½¾¿ÀÁ

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 2. Operating segment information
2. Operating segment information
An operating segment is a component of VVO Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses. Separate financial information is available about it and VVO's chief operating decision-maker evaluates it on a regular basis in order to make decisions on the allocation of resources to the segment and to assess its performance.
VVO Group's business operations are divided into two segments: VVO Non-subsidised and VVO State-subsidised.
The VVO Non-subsidised segment contains the Group's parent company VVO Group plc and the group companies VVO Kodit Oy, VVO Vuokra-asunnot Oy, VVO Vuokratalot Oy and VVO Palvelut Oy, as well as those other group companies in whose apartments the restrictions on the determination of rent, related to the ARAVA and interest subsidy legislation, will end by the close of 2017. The division of Korkotukikiinteistöt Oy into seven receiving companies took effect on 1 September 2015. Some of the housing included in the VVO Non-subsidised segment is subject to property-specific restrictions in accordance with the ARAVA Act.
Until 30 September 2015, VVO Asunnot Oy was included in the VVO State-subsidised segment. The company's division into fourteen receiving companies took effect on 1 October 2015. As a result of the division, some of the companies were transferred to the VVO Non-subsidised segment.
The Group companies in whose apartments the restrictions on the determination of rent, related to the ARAVA and interest subsidy legislation, will end after 2017 belong to the VVO State-subsidised segment. The companies of the VVO State-subsidised segment are subject to the profit distribution restriction, and they can pay their owner an eight per cent return on own funds invested in them that have been confirmed by the Housing Finance and Development Centre of Finland (ARA). The return payable from the annual profits of companies subject to revenue recognition restrictions totals approximately EUR 3 million.
F-125

Some of the housing in the VVO State-subsidised segment is not subject to propertyspecific restrictions in accordance with the ARAVA Act.

The principles for preparing operating segment information are the same as the accounting principles for the Group.

Group consolidation measures include mainly expenses, assets and liabilities of the Group's joint operations.

VVO Non-

subsidised 1-

M

12/2015

Rental income

203.3

Sales income, other

1.9

Internal income

3.6

Total revenue

208.8

Maintenance expenses Repair expenses Net rental income

-53.5 -20.6 134.6

Administrative expenses Other operating income Other operating expenses

-24.1 1.3
-0.4

Profit/loss on sales of

investment properties

2.2

Fair value change of investment properties
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses
Operating profit / loss

32.7
-1.2 145.1

Financial income

Financial expenses

Total amount of financial income and expenses

Share of result from associated companies

Profit before taxes

Current tax expense

Change in deferred taxes

Profit/loss for the period

VVO State subsidised
1-12/2015 164.4 1.0 0.4 165.8 -44.9 -25.9 94.9 -18.9 1.9 -0.2

Group consolidation
methods 1.9 -1.6
-3.9 -3.6
1.4 0.0 -2.2 3.3 -1.1 0.2

0.6 38.4
0.0 116.7

0.0 -0.8
0.0 -0.6

VVO Group Total
1-12/2015 369.6 1.4 0.0 370.9 -97.0 -46.5 227.4 -39.7 2.1 -0.4
2.7 70.3
-1.2 261.2
7.8 -44.8
-37.1 0.6
224.7 -22.1 -23.2
179.4

Investments

228.1

6.9

-0.1

235.0

F-126

Investment properties Investments in associated companies Investment properties held for sale Liquid assets Other assets Total Assets

3,331.7 1.0 0.0
14.9 213.5 3,561.2

133.1 0.0
541.0 101.2 81.3 856.5

0.2 0.0 0.0 0.0 -181.7 -181.6

3,464.9 1.0
541.0 116.0 113.1 4,236.1

Interest bearing liabilities Liabilities held for sale Other liabilities Total Liabilities

1,435.1 0.0
500.7 1,935.7

235.2 467.1 39.8 742.1

-175.7 0.0 -5.1
-180.8

1,494.6 467.1 535.4
2,497.1

M Rental income Sales income, other Internal income Total revenue Maintenance expenses Repair expenses Net rental income Administrative expenses Other operating income Other operating expenses Profit/loss on sales of investment properties Profit/loss on sales of trading properties Fair value change of investment properties Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses Operating profit / loss Financial income Financial expenses Total amount of financial income and expenses Share of result from associated companies Profit before taxes Current tax expense

VVO Nonsubsidised 1-
12/2014 171.6 0.9 3.9 176.4 -47.5 -17.1 111.8 -20.6 2.2 -0.9
-4.6
0.0 13.3
-1.2 99.8

VVO State subsidised
1-12/2014 183.5 0.6 0.8 184.9 -51.5 -32.4 100.9 -22.2 2.1 -0.3

Group consolidation
methods 0.0 0.0 -4.7 -4.7 2.0 0.0 -2.7 4.2 -1.4 0.3

0.0

0.0

0.0

-0.2

13.0

-0.1

-0.5

0.0

92.9

0.2

VVO Group Total
1-12/2014 355.1 1.5 0.0 356.5 -97.1 -49.5 210.0 -38.7 2.9 -0.9
-4.6
-0.2 26.2
-1.7 192.9
2.7 -50.0
-47.3 0.9
146.5 -23.5

F-127

Change in deferred taxes Profit/loss for the period
Investments
Investment properties Investments in associated companies Liquid assets Other assets Total Assets
Interest bearing liabilities Other liabilities Total Liabilities

187.8
2,300.7 0.9
52.0 158.6 2,512.3
972.7 390.4 1,363.1

13.3
1,407.8 2.6
62.4 62.4 1,535.2
955.8 144.4 1,100.1

0.0
0.2 0.0 0.0 -90.4 -90.2
-78.4 -7.1
-85.5

-12.2 110.8
201.1
3,708.8 3.5
114.4 130.6 3,957.2
1,850.1 527.7
2,377.8

F-128

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 3. Non-current assets held for sale

3. Non-current assets held for sale

VVO Group is shifting its focus to the Lumo service business. Under the preliminary agreement signed on 30 November 2015, VVO Group sells 8,631 cost principle rental apartments located around Finland to Kiinteistö OY Y-Asunnot which is part of the YFoundation. The management considers it very likely that the deal will be completed in the first quarter of 2016. The sales price is the transfer price confirmed by the Housing Finance and Development Centre of Finland (ARA), approximately EUR 75 million.

Non-current assets held for sale

M Investment properties Investments in associated companies Receivables Liquid assets Assets total

31 Dec 2015 534,3 3,0 1,2 2,6 541,0

31 Dec 2014 0,0 0,0 0,0 0,0 0,0

Liabilities Trade and other payables Liabilities total

460,7

0,0

6,4

0,0

467,1

0,0

Net asset value

73,9

0,0

The investment properties have been subsequently measured at fair value in the financial statements (fair value hierarchy level 3). The balance sheet value method was used as the valuation technique.
The collateral and contingent liabilities related to these items are presented in Note 28.

F-129

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 4. Profit/loss on sale of investment properties and Other operating income and costs

4. Profit/loss on sale of investment properties and Other operating income and costs

Profit/loss on sales of investment properties
M
Profit on sales of investment properties
Loss on sales of investment properties
Total

1-12/2015 3,2 -0,4 2,7

1-12/2014 2,9 -7,5
-4,6

The most significant sales made in 2015 concerned the following addresses: Kaakonpyrstö 5, Jyväskylä (87 apartments), Lehtikuusentie 5, Rauma (55 apartments) and Salmentöyryntie 12, Kouvola (35 apartments).

Other operating income M Income from the sales of fixed assets Income from debt collection Other Total

1-12/2015 0,3 1,3 0,4 2,1

1-12/2014 0,0 1,3 1,6 2,9

Other operating expenses M Costs on construction contracting Total

1-12/2015 0,4 0,4

1-12/2014 0,9 0,9

Auditors fee M KHT-yhteisö KPMG Oy Ab

1-12/2015

1-12/2014

F-130

Audit Tax consultancy Other services Total

0,2

0,1

0,1

0,0

0,0

0,1

0,3

0,3

F-131

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 5. Employee benefits expense

5. Employee benefits expense

M Salaries and wages Defined contribution pension plans Other social security costs Total

1-12/2015 18,0 3,6 0,7 22,4

The management's employee benefits are presented in Note 29, Related party transactions.

1-12/2014 17,2 3,4 0,8 21,4

Number of personnel, average

31 Dec 2015 364

31 Dec 2014 339

F-132

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 6. Amortisation, depreciation and impairment

6. Amortisation, depreciation and impairment

M Intangible assets Property, plant and equipment Total

1-12/2015 0.4 0.7 1.2

1-12/2014 0.4 1.2 1.7

No impairment has been recognised on intangible assets or property, plant and equipment.

F-133

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 7. Research and development expenditure

7. Research and development expenditure

M Research and development Yhteensä

1-12/2015 0.3 0.3

1-12/2014 0.2 0.2

VVO has no capitalised development expenditure. Development activities focus on the development of product concepts, improvement of electronic services and renewal of information systems.

F-134

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 8. Financial income and expenses

8. Financial income and expenses

M Dividend income Interest income Change in fair value Recognised at fair value through profit and loss Other financial income Financial income, total

1-12/2015 0.2 1.8
3.0 2.8 7.8

1-12/2014 0.1 1.5
0.2 0.4 2.7

Interest expenses Interest expenses on liabilities recognised at amortised cost Interest expenses from derivatives
Change in fair value Recognised at fair value through profit and loss Other financial expences Financial expenses, total

-31.2 -9.8
-2.6 -1.3 -44.8

-35.5 -8.8
-5.2 -0.5 -50.0

Financial income and expenses, total

-37.1

-47.3

Other financial income includes EUR 2.7 (0.3) million of sales profit from Available-for-sale financial assets.

Other comprehensive income M Cash flow hedges Available-for-sale financial assets Total

1-12/2015 4.6 -1.6 3.0

1-12/2014 -19.5 0.6 -18.9

Cash flow hedging was initiated when transferring to IFRS on 1 January 2014. The changes to cash flow hedging come from interest rate derivatives.

F-135

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 9. Income tax

9. Income tax

The tax expense in the income statement is broken down as follows:

M Current tax expense Change in deferred taxes Total

2015 22,1 23,2 45,3

2014 23,5 12,2 35,7

Tax effects relating to components of other comprehensive income:

2015 M
Cash flow hedges
Available-for-sale financial assets
Total

Before taxes 4,6
-1,6 3,0

Tax effect
-0,9
0,3 -0,6

After taxes
3,7
-1,3 2,4

2014 M
Cash flow hedges
Available-for-sale financial assets
Total

Before taxes -19,5
0,6 -18,9

Tax effect
3,9
-0,1 3,8

After taxes -15,6
0,5 -15,1

Reconciliation between tax expense shown in the income statement and tax calculated using the parent company's tax rate (tax rate 20 %):

F-136

M
Profit before taxes
Taxes with current tax rate
Tax-free Income / nondeductible costs Confirmed losses recognised through profit and loss Write-off in deferred tax receivables from confirmed losses recognised through profit and loss Share of result of associated companies Acquired investment properties Other
Adjustments total
Taxes total recognised in profit and loss

2015 224,7 44,9
0,7 -1,3
-0,3 -0,1 1,2 0,2 0,3
45,3

2014 146,5 29,3
0,9 0,0
0,1 -0,2 5,4 0,2 6,4
35,7

F-137

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 10. Earnings per share

10. Earnings per share

Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the financial period attributable to equity holders of the parent company by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the financial year.

M
Profit of the financial period attributable to shareholders of the parent company
Average number of the shares during the period, millions

1-12/2015
179.3 7.4

1-12/2014
110.7 7.4

Earnings per share Basic, euro Diluted, euro

24.23 24.23

14.95 14.95

The company has no diluting instruments.

F-138

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 11. Investment properties

11. Investment properties

M
Fair value of investment properties, at 1 Jan
Acquisition of investment properties *)
Modernisation investments
Disposals of investment properties
Capitalised borrowing costs
Valuation gains/losses on fair value assessment
Fair value of investment properties, at 31 Dec

2015
3 708,8
187,1 45,8 -14,9
2,0
70,3
3 999,2

2014
3 510,3
169,5 29,1
-28,8 2,5
26,2
3 708,8

The fair values include the investment properties classified into Non-current assets held for sale, totalling EUR 534.3 million. The Group has acquisition agreements for new development and renovations, presented in Note 28. *) Includes the acquisition costs of new properties under construction.

The change in the fair value of investment properties results from investments, changes in market prices and parameters used in valuation as well as from expiry of restrictions on some properties.
Some of the investment properties are subject to legislative divestment and usage restrictions. Usage and divestment restrictions are mainly related to balance sheet value properties and usage restrictions to yield value properties. The so-called non-profit restrictions apply to the owning company, and the so-called property-specific restrictions apply to the investment owned. The non-profit restrictions include, among other things, permanent restrictions on the company's operations, dis-tribution of profit, lending and provision of collateral, and the divestment of investments. The property-specific restrictions include fixed-term restrictions on the use of apartments, the selection of residents, the determination of rent and divestment of apartments.

F-139

Investment properties by valuation classes
M
Properties measured at market value
Properties measured at yield value
Properties measured at acquisition method
Total

31 Dec 2015 2 417,6 697,2 884,4 3 999,2

31 Dec 2014 2 117,7 705,3 885,7
3 708,8

1 Jan 2014 1 932,9 686,7 890,7 3 510,3

The above fair values include the investment properties classified into Non-current assets held for sale on 31 December 2015 (mainly balance sheet properties), totalling EUR 534.3 million.

Measurement process of investment property
In the transaction value method, the measurement is performed with the help of the price tracking service provided by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies (KVKL), including pricing information on sales of individual apartments in Finland provided by real estate agents. The resulting property-specific transaction value is individually adjusted based on the condition, location, and other characteristics of the rental property.
In the yield value method, the fair value is determined by capitalising net rental income, using property-specific required rate of net rental income.
In the acquisition cost method, rental properties are carried at original acquisition cost, deducted by the depreciation accumulated up to the IFRS transition date and any impairment losses.
VVO Group performs intra-company measurement of investment property each quarter. The results of the assessment are reported to the Management Group, Audit Committee and Board of Directors. The measurement process, market conditions and other factors affecting the assess-ment of the fair value of properties are reviewed on a quarterly basis with the CEO and CFO in accordance with the Group's reporting schedule. Each quarter, an external independent expert, Realia Management Oy, issues a statement on the valuation methods applied in the valuation of rental apartments and business premises owned by VVO Group as well as on the quality and reli-ability of the valuation.

F-140

Sensitivity analysis of investment property fair value

Sensitive analysis of investment properties
M
Properties measured at market values
Change in market prices
Properties measured at yield values
Yield requirement
Lease income
Maintenance costs

-10 %

-5 %

31 Dec 2015 Change % 0%

-241,8
76,9 -118,8
45

-120,9
36,4 -59,4 22,5

5%
120,9
-33 59,4 -22,5

Financial Occupancy rate
(change in procent points)

-2 %

-1 %

0%

1%

Rent income

-2,4

-1,7

0,4

10 %
241,8
-62,9 118,8
-45
2%

All of VVO's investment properties are classified into the fair value hierarchy level 3 in accordance with IFRS 13. Hierarchy level 3 includes assets the fair value of which is measured using input data concerning the asset that are not based on observable market data.
The weighted average for the return requirement was 7.2% for rental homes included within the scope of the yield value method in 2015, and 11.0% for business premises.

F-141

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 12. Property, plant and equipment

12. Property, plant and equipment

M
Balance at 1 Jan 2015
Increases
Decreases Balance at 31 Dec 2015

Land areas 5,5
5,5

Entry fees

Buildings and
structures

Machinery and equipment

0,2

27,6

3,6

0,2

-0,1

0,2

27,6

3,7

Other tangible
assets
1,6 0,1 0,0
1,6

Accumulated depreciation 1 Jan 2015
Depreciation for the period
Decreases
Accumulated depreciation 31 Dec 2015

-3,6

-3,0

-0,1

-0,4

-0,3

0,1

-4,0

-3,2

-0,1

Carrying

value at 1 Jan

2015

5,5

Carrying

value at 31

Dec 2015

5,5

0,2

23,9

0,2

23,5

0,6

1,5

0,5

1,6

Balance at 1 Jan 2014
Increases
Decreases
Balance at 31 Dec 2014

Land areas 5,5
5,5

Entry fees

Buildings and
structures

Machinery and equipment

0,2

27,6

5,0

0,2

-1,6

0,2

27,6

3,6

Other tangible
assets 1,6
1,6

Total 38,4
0,3 -0,1 38,5
-6,7 -0,7 0,1 -7,3
31,7 31,2
Total 39,8
0,2 -1,6 38,4

F-142

Accumulated depreciation 1 Jan 2014
Depreciation for the period
Decreases
Accumulated depreciation 31 Dec 2014

Carrying

value at 1 Jan

2014

5,5

Carrying

value at 31

Dec 2014

5,5

-3,2 -0,4

-3,6

0,2

27,6

0,2

23,9

-4,2

-0,1

-0,3 1,6

-3,0

-0,1

5,0

1,6

0,6

1,5

-7,5 -0,7
1,6 -6,7
39,8 31,7

F-143

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 13. Intangible assets

13. Intangible assets
M Balance at 1 Jan 2015 Increases Balance at 31 Dec 2015
Accumulated depreciation 1 Jan 2015 Depreciation for the period Accumulated depreciation 31 Dec 2015
Carrying value at 1 Jan 2015 Carrying value at 31 Dec 2015
M Balance at 1 Jan 2014 Increases Decreases Movement between items Balance at 31 Dec 2014
Accumulated depreciation 1 Jan 2014 Depreciation for the period Decreases Accumulated depreciation 31 Dec 2014
Carrying value at 1 Jan 2014 Carrying value at 31 Dec 2014

Intangible rights 2,5
2,5
-2,0 -0,2 -2,2
0,5 0,3
Intangible rights 3,2 0,1 -0,8 0,1 2,5
-2,7 -0,2 0,8 -2,0
3,2 0,5

Other intangible
assets
2,8
0,2
3,0

Total 5,3 0,2 5,5

-1,9

-4,0

-0,3

-0,4

-2,2

-4,4

0,9

1,4

0,8

1,1

Other intangible
assets 6,7
-3,9 -0,1 2,8

Total 9,9 0,1 -4,7 0,0 5,3

-5,5

-8,2

-0,3

-0,4

3,9

4,7

-1,9

-4,0

6,7

9,9

0,9

1,4

F-144

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 14. Values of financial assets and liabilities by category

14. Values of financial assets and liabilities by category

M
Financial assets Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives Available-for-sale financial assets

Carrying value

total

LEVEL 1

31 Dec 2015 LEVEL 2 LEVEL 3

Fair value total

1.9 0.8
29.7

-

1.9

0.8

-

27.3

2.0

-

1.9

-

0.8

0.5

29.7

Measured at amortised cost Held-to-maturity investments Loans and receivables Trade receivables

6.2 19.0 3.6

2.0

4.2

19.0

-

-

6.2

-

19.0

3.6

Financial liabilities Measured at fair value Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives

-50.3 -2.0

-

-50.3

-2.0

-

-

-50.3

-

-2.0

Measured at amortised cost Other interest-bearing liabilities
Bond
Trade payables

1395.0 99.6 10.6

-

1395.0

-

100.0

-

1395.0

-

100.0

10.6

F-145

M Financial assets Measured at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives Available-for-sale financial assets

Carrying value

total

LEVEL 1

31 Dec 2014
LEVEL 2 LEVEL 3

Fair value total

1.1

-

1.1

-

1.1

0.5

0.5

-

-

0.5

56.1

49.1

6.4

0.6

56.1

Measured at amortised cost Held-to-maturity investments Loans and receivables Trade receivables

6.8

2.0

4.8

-

6.8

6.0

6.0

-

-

6.0

4.3

4.3

Financial liabilities Measured at fair value Interest rate derivatives Electricity derivatives

-54.9 -1.5

-

-54.9

-1.5

-

-

-54.9

-

-1.5

Measured at amortised cost Other interest-bearing liabilities
Bond
Trade payables

1,750.6 99.5 15.0

-

1,750.6

-

100.0

-

1,750.6

-

100.0

15.0

The fair value of loans is the same as their nominal value. During the year there were no transfers between the fair value hierarchy levels.
A more detailed analysis of the fair values of interest rate derivatives included and not included in hedge accounting is presented in Note 22.
Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified into three fair value hierarchy levels in accordance with the reliability of the valuation technique:
Level 1:

F-146

The fair value is based on quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.
Level 2: A quoted market price exists in active markets for an instrument on the same terms, but the price may be derived from directly or indirectly quoted market data.
Level 3: There is no active market for the instrument, the fair value cannot be reliably derived and input data used for the determination of fair value are not based on observable market data.

Level 3 reconciliation
Non-current assets held for sale
M Beginning of period Deductions End of period

31 Dec 2015 0,5

31 Dec 2014 0,6 0,0 0,6

Non-current assets held for sale on hierarchy level 3 are investments in unlisted securities. They are measured at cost, as their fair value cannot be reliably measured in the absence of an active market.

F-147

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 15. Non-current receivables

15. Non-current receivables

M Loan receivables from associated companies Other long-term receivables Loan receivables from others Total

31 Dec 2015 0.5 0.0 1.7 2.2

31 Dec 2014 0.5 0.1 2.2 2.8

F-148

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 16. Deferred tax assets and liabilities

16. Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Changes to deferred tax assets and liabilities in 2015 are as follows:

M Deferred tax assets Confirmed losses Cash flow hedges Electricity derivatives measured at fair value Other items/transfers Total

Recognised Recognised

in

in other

profit and comprehensive

1 Jan 2015

loss

income

Other changes

31 Dec 2015

1.3

1.3

9.1

-0.9

8.2

0.2

0.1

2.5

-0.3

11.8

1.1

-0.9

0.2

2.2

0.0

12.0

Deferred tax liabilities Investment properties measured at fair value Financial instruments measured at fair value Other items/transfers Total

405.3
0.3 0.2 405.9

24.3 24.3

-0.3 -0.3

429.6

0.0

0.2

0.0

429.8

M
Deferred tax assets Confirmed losses Cash flow hedges Electricity derivatives measured

Recognised Recognised

in

in other

profit and comprehensive

1 Jan 2014

loss

income

Other changes

31 Dec 2014

0.6

-0.6

0.0

5.2

3.9

9.1

F-149

at fair value Other items/transfers Total

0.2

1.4

1.1

7.4

0.5

0.2

2.5

3.9

0.0

11.8

Deferred tax liabilities
Investment properties measured

at fair value

392.4

12.7

Financial instruments measured

at fair value

0.2

Other items/transfers

0.2

Total

392.8

12.7

0.2

405.3

0.1

0.3

0.2

0.1

0.2

405.9

Expiration years for unrecognised confirmed losses
Year of expiration Confirmed losses Unrecognised defered tax

2016-2017 2018-2019

0.2

0.4

0.0

0.1

2020-2021 2.2 0.4

20222023
2.1
0.4

20242025 Yhteensä

0.2

5.1

0.0

1.0

Unrecognised deferred taxes include EUR 0.7 million of tax assets from tax losses carried forward for properties transferred to Non-current assets held for sale.

F-150

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 17. Trading properties

17. Trading properties
M Trading properties Yhteensä

31 Dec 2015 1.0 1.0

31 Dec 2014 3.0 3.0

F-151

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 18. Sales receivables and other receivables

18. Sales receivables and other receivables

M Trade receivables Receivables from associated companies Loan receivables Other receivables Prepaid expenses and accrued income Total

31 Dec 2015 3.6 0.1 0.3 3.1 1.7 8.8

Specification of prepaid expenses and accrued income Rental services Investments Prepayments Interests Other prepaid expenses and accrued income Total

31 Dec 2015 0.6 0.8 0.2 0.0 0.1 1.7

31 Dec 2014 4.3 0.1 0.3 0.3 4.6 9.6
31 Dec 2014 0.5 3.6 0.4 0.1 0.1 4.6

The term of notice for rental agreements is usually one month. The fair value of sales receivables and other receivables matches their carrying amount.

F-152

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 19. Cash and cash equivalents

19. Cash and cash equivalents

M Cash and cash equivalents Total

31 Dec 2015 116.0 116.0

31 Dec 2014 114.4 114.4

F-153

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 20. Share capital and other equity funds

20. Share capital and other equity funds

M
1 Jan 2015 Change in other comprehensive income
31 Dec 2015

Number of
shares (1.000)
7,403
7,403

Share capital
58.0

Share premium
reserve
35.8

Fair value reserve
-35.0

Invested non-
restricted equity
reserve
17.9

58.0

35.8

2.4 -32.6

17.9

M
1 Jan 2014 Change in other comprehensive income
31 Dec 2014

Number of
shares (1.000)
7,403
7,403

Share capital
58.0

Share premium
reserve
35.8

Fair value reserve
-19.9

Invested non-
restricted equity
reserve
17.9

58.0

35.8

-15.1 -35.0

17.9

Total 76.7 2.4 79.1
Total 91.8 -15.1 76.7

VVO Group plc has one type of share. The share has no nominal value. All issued shares have been paid for in full.
Description of equity funds:
Shares
S The number of VVO Group plc shares issued as at 31 December 2015 was 7,402,560. Share premium
· VVO Group plc has no such instruments in force that would accrue a share premium

F-154

under the new Limited Liability Companies Act. The share premium was generated under the previous Limited Liability Companies Act. Fair value reserve S The fair value reserve contains the changes in fair values of the derivatives used to hedge cash flow and the current assets held for sale. Invested non-restricted equity reserve · The invested non-restricted equity reserve contains equity investments and that part of the share subscription price that has not specifically been allocated to share capital. Dividends · A dividend of EUR 3.00 per share was paid in 2014. After the balance sheet date, 31 December 2015, the Board of Directors has proposed that a dividend of EUR 5.00.
Non-controlling interest
The non-controlling interest consists mainly of the result of Kiinteistö Oy Kotkankynnys.
Restrictions related to the Group's equity
· VVO Group's retained earnings for 2015, EUR 1,659.4 million (EUR 1,502.3 million in 2014) include a total of EUR 531.2 million (EUR 431.3 million in 2014) of equity subject to profit distri-bution restrictions relating to non-profit operations. Equity subject to profit distribution restrictions includes the measurement of investment property at fair value.
· Some of the Group companies are subject to revenue recognition restrictions under the non-profit provisions of housing legislation, according to which an entity cannot pay its owner more than the profit regulated by housing legislation.
F-155

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 21. Interest-bearing liabilities

21. Interest-bearing liabilities

Non-current M Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans Market-based loans Other loans Total

31 Dec 2015 223.4 68.3 964.5 3.6
1,259.8

31 Dec 2014 559.8 291.0 832.6 5.9
1,689.3

1 Jan 2014 598.0 302.4 749.4 7.4
1,657.2

Current M Interest subsidy loans Annuity and mortgage loans Market-based loans Other loans Commercial papers Total

31 Dec 2015 75.3 1.7 41.6 7.3
108.8 234.7

31 Dec 2014 42.7 11.5 33.2 8.5 64.9
160.8

1 Jan 2014 13.9 10.2 34.4 26.7 47.5
132.6

Total interest-bearing liabilities

1,494.6

1,850.1

1,789.8

Liabilities at 31 December 2015 do not include the liabilities related to Non-current assets held for sale, totalling EUR 460.7 million.

Market loans include the EUR 100 million secured bond, maturing in 2020, issued by VVO Group plc in 2013. The bond has a fixed interest rate of 3.25 %. The committed and noncommitted credit limit agreements, signed for short-term financing, remained unused at the balance sheet date.

Other long-term loans include the EUR 2.4 million capital loan received by VVO Kodit Oy from City of Tampere in 2001. The interest rate is six-month Euribor + 0.75 % The loan is repaid in 20 years.

F-156

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 22. Derivative instruments

22. Derivative instruments

Fair values of derivative instruments

M
Interest rate derivatives Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedges Interest rate options, cash flow hedges Interest rate derivatives, not in hedge accounting

Positive

31 Dec 2015
Negative

31 Dec 2014 1 Jan 2014

Net

Net

Net

1.9

-42.7

-40.9

-45.4

-25.7

0.0

0.0

0.0

-0.1

-0.3

0.0

-7.6

-7.6

-8.3

-3.1

Electricity derivatives

0.8

-2.0

-1.2

-0.9

-1.2

Total

2.7

-52.4

-49.7

-54.8

-30.3

Nominal values of derivative instruments
M Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps, cash flow hedges Interest rate options, cash flow hedges Interest rate derivatives, not in hedge accounting Total
Electricity derivatives, MWh

31 Dec 2015
690.4 0.0
38.0 728.4
245,494

31 Dec 2014
404.3 14.2 38.8
457.3
230,087

During the financial year, EUR 4.6 (-19.5) million were recognised in the fair value reserve from interest rate derivatives classified into cash flow hedging. The interest rate derivatives hedge the loan portfolio interest flows against increases in market interest

F-157

rates. The interest rate derivatives mature from 2016 to 2035. At the balance sheet date, the average maturity for interest rate derivatives was 7.1 (5.1) years. Electricity derivatives hedge against increases in electricity prices, and hedge accounting is not applied. The electricity derivatives mature from 2016 to 2019.
F-158

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 23. Provisions and other non-current liabilities

23. Provisions and other non-current liabilities

Provisions M Provisions

31 Dec 2015 0,9

31 Dec 2014 1,5

Provisions include EUR 0.9 (1.2) million of ten-year guarantee reserves for VVO Kodit Oy's (VVO Rakennuttaja Oy's) founder construction, estimated on the basis of experience, and a EUR 0.3 million provision related to the demolition of a building of VVO Asunnot Oy in 2014.

Other non-current liabilities M Accrued expenses and deferred income Collaretal payments Total

31 Dec 2015
1,4 5,8 7,1

31 Dec 2014
0,7 6,7 7,4

F-159

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 24. Trade payables and other debts

24. Trade payables and other debts

M Advances received Trade payables Other current liabilities Accrued expenses and deferred income Total

31 Dec 2015 5.6
10.6 1.1
20.8 38.0

31 Dec 2014 5.6 15.0 1.5
23.7 45.9

Specification of accrued expenses and deferred income Rental services Investments Personnel expenses Interest Other items Total

31 Dec 2015 2.6 0.3 6.8
10.9 0.2 20.8

31 Dec 2014 1.9 2.2 6.6
12.3 0.7 23.7

F-160

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 25. Financial risk management
25. Financial risk management
The financial risks associated with VVO Group's business are managed in accordance with the treasury policy confirmed by VVO Group plc. The objective is to protect the Group against unfavourable changes in the financial market. The management of financial risk is centralised in the Group's Treasury unit.
Interest rate risk
The most significant financial risk is related to interest rate fluctuations affecting the loan portfolio. This risk is managed through fixed interest rates and interest rate derivatives. The most significant interest risk is associated with the market-based loans. This interest risk is hedged with interest rate derivatives according to VVO Group's financing policy. The targeted hedging ratio is 50­100%. On the balance sheet date, the hedging ratio was 72 (68) per cent.
The interest risk associated with interest subsidy loans is decreased by the State's interest subsidy. The interest rate of loans with annual payments is tied to changes in Finnish consumer prices, and the interest costs for the following year is known in the preceding autumn. Rent in properties with state-subsidied loans is determined according to the cost principle. Therefore, any changes in interest rates are transferred to rents. In accordance with its financing policy, VVO does not hedge these loans with interest rate derivatives.
The effects of changes in market interest rates on the income statement and equity are evaluated in the table below. The interest rate position affecting the income statement includes variable-rate loan and interest rate derivatives not included in hedge accounting. The effect on equity results from changes in the fair values of interest rate derivatives included in hedge accounting. Some market-based loan agreements involve a condition of a minimum of zero reference rate. As the market interest rates are currently negative, interest rate swat hedges may lead to a situation in which both fixed and variable interest must be paid.
F-161

M
Floating rate loans
Interest rate derivatives
Total effect

31 Dec 2015

Income Statement

Other Comprehensive
Income

1,%

-0.10,%

1,%

-0.10,%

31 Dec 2014

Income Statement

Other Comprehensive Income

1,% -0.10,% 1,%

-0.10,%

-7.7

0.5

-

-

-7.9

0.8

-

-

9.3

-1.1

49.0

-5.2

7.1

-0.7

19.8

-2.1

1.6

-0.6

49.0

-5.2

-0.9

0.1

19.8

-2.1

Deferred tax effect is not included in the calculation.
Liquidity and refinancing risk
The Group secures its liquidity through sufficient cash funds, the commercial paper programme and supporting credit limit agreements. Cash flow from the rental business is stable, and the suffi-ciency of liquidity is monitored with regular forecasts.
The Group's liquidity remained good in the financial year. In order to ensure its liquidity, the Group has a EUR 200 million parent company commercial paper programme, EUR 100 million committed credit facility agreements and a EUR 5 million non-committed credit facility agreement. A total of EUR 108.8 (64.9) million of the facility associated with the commercial paper programme was in use at the end of the financial year. No credit facilities were in use at the balance sheet date.
The functioning of the money market has been affected by stricter bank regulation, which has re-flected on lending and the cost of financing. Due to VVO's strong financial position and stable cash flow, the risk associated with the availability of financing is not considered significant.
The availability of financing is ensured by maintaining VVO's good reputation among financiers and by keeping the equity ratio at an appropriate level. The risk associated with the availability of fi-nancing is mitigated by diversifying the maturities and financial instruments in the loan portfolio and by expanding the financier base. We prepare for the maturing of large loans well in advance.
The following table shows the contractual repayment and interest cash flows of financial

F-162

liabilities and derivative instruments.

31.12.2015
M
Interest subsidy loans
Annuity and mortgage loans
Market-based loans
Other loans
Commercial papers
Interest rate derivatives
Total

2016 79,1 5,1 60,3 0,2
109,3 11,5
265,7

2017-2020 182,8 19,4 447,3 1,0 0,0 39,3 689,8

2021-2025 17,9 23,7
405,4 2,6 0,0
28,6 478,2

2026-2030 3,9
26,9 120,9
0,1 0,0 10,4 162,2

31.12.2014
M
Interest subsidy loans
Annuity and mortgage loans
Market-based loans
Other loans
Commercial papers
Interest rate derivatives
Total

2015 51,5 22,1 20,3 0,9 65,0 9,2
169,0

2016-2019 228,3 84,3 241,9 1,6 0,0 29,2 585,2

2020-2024 109,8 99,3 477,8 3,1 0,0 17,1 707,1

2025-2029 44,4 81,6 172,3 0,6 0,0 3,8
302,7

Later 29,0 37,2 89,7
0,3 0,0 4,5 160,7
Later 267,9 294,5 80,4
0,7 0,0 0,0 643,4

The figures for 31 December 2015 do not include liabilities related to Non-current assets held for sale.
Price risk
The Group uses electricity derivatives to hedge against exposure to electricity price risk. The elec-tricity derivatives hedge highly probable future electricity purchases, and the trading in derivatives has been outsourced to an expert external to the Group. Electricity derivatives are not included in hedge accounting.

F-163

The Group's surplus cash may be invested in accordance with the approved principles of the financial policy. Available-for-sale financial assets are subject to a price risk that is mitigated through diversification of investment assets. The investments do not involve a currency risk.
The sensitivity of the electricity derivatives and available-for-sale financial assets to +/-10% chang-es in the market price are shown in the table below.

M
Electricity derivatives
Available-forsale financial assets
Total effect

31 Dec 2015

Income Statement

Other Comprehensive Income

10 %

-10 %

10 %

-10 %

0,3

-0,3

-

-

-

-

2,9

-2,9

0,3

-0,3

2,9

-2,9

Income Statement

10 %

-10 %

0,4

-0,4

-

-

0,4

-0,4

Deferred tax effect is not included in the calculation.

Credit risk
VVO Group does not have any significant credit risk concentrations. The majority of sales receivables consists of rent receivables, which are efficiently diversified. In addition, the application of rental deposits decreases the credit risk associated with rent receivables.

Age distribution of sales receivables

EUR million Less than a month 1-3 months 3-6 months 6-12 months More than a year Altogether

31.12.2015 1.0 2.2 0.2 0.1 0.1 3.6

28.50% 60.2% 6.8% 1.8% 2.7%
100.0%

F-164

Investments and derivative instruments involve a counterparty risk to financing activities. This risk is managed with a diverse portfolio of financially stable counterparties.

Currency risk
The Group's cash flows are euro-denominated, and the business does not involve any currency risk.

Management of capital structure
The objective of the management of the Group's capital structure is to optimise the capital structure in relation to the current market conditions. The objective is to achieve a capital structure that best ensures the Group's strategic long-term operations and promotes the Group's growth targets.

In addition to the financial result, the Group's capital structure is affected by factors such as capital expenditure, asset sales, acquisitions, dividend payments, equity-based facilities and measurement at fair value. The Group's loans do not involve covenants, but the Group monitors its key figures on a regular basis.

VVO Group plc's Board of Directors has set the Group's long-term equity ratio target at over 35 per cent. At 31 December 2015, the Group's equity ratio was 41.1 (40.0) per cent. The interest cover ratio, representing VVO's ability to cover its interest costs, was 4.6 on 31 December 2015. VVO Group's interest-bearing liabilities totalled EUR 1,494.6 (1,850.1) million. EUR 460.7 million of in-terest-bearing liabilities have been transferred to Noncurrent assets held for sale. The equity ratio determination principle is presented in the financial statements under Formulas used in the calculation of the key figures.

M Interest-bearing liabilities Cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing net liabilities Shareholders' equity total Balance sheet total Equity ratio, %

31 Dec 2015 1 494,6 116,0 1 378,5 1 739,1 4 236,1 41,1

31 Dec 2014 1 850,1 114,4 1 735,7 1 579,5 3 957,2 40,0

F-165

F-166

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 26. Operating leases

26. Operating leases
Site leasehold agreements

Land lease contracts Group as lessee M Contractual maturities on lease contracts
During the following financial year Due after following year and before five yeares Due after five years Total

31 Dec 2015
5.1 19.6 168.5 193.2

31 Dec 2014
5.1 19.5 169.0 193.6

Non-current assets held for sale include EUR 94.6 million from rental agreement liabilities.

The rental agreements are mainly site leasehold agreements from municipalities and cities. The maximum durations of the remaining agreements are 84 years, the average being 30 years.

Operating leases, vehicles During the following financial year Due in 2-5 years Total

31 Dec 2015 0.7 0.8 1.5

31 Dec 2014 0.9 1.2 2.1

The operating leases are four-year car leases.

F-167

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 27. Adjustment to cash flow from operating activities

27. Adjustment to cash flow from operating activities

M Depreciation Financial income and expenses Income taxes Share of result of associated companies Profit/loss from investment properties measured at fair value Profit/loss on sales of investment properties Other adjustments Total

31 Dec 2015 1.2
37.1 45.3 -0.6
-70.3 -2.7 -1.0 9.0

31 Dec 2014 1.7
47.3 35.7 -0.9
-26.2 4.6 -0.5 61.7

F-168

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 28. Guarantees and contingent liabilities

28. Guarantees and contingent liabilities

M Loans covered by pledges on property and shares as a collateral Mortgages Shares Pledged collaterals total

31 Dec 2015
1 849,7 2 551,5
213,6 2 765,1

31 Dec 2014
1 787,0 2 554,4
212,5 2 766,9

Other collaterals given
Pledges given Guarantees given*) Other collaterals total

12,8 433,3 446,1

12,9 346,2 359,1

*) The guarantees granted are mainly absolute guarantees granted as collateral for liabilities contracted by Group companies
The figures for 31 December 2015 include liabilities related to Non-current assets held for sale: Liabilities with EUR 493.0 million of pledges given as a guarantee; the guarantees given total EUR 816.3 million.

F-169

Other liabilities
The most significant unrecognised acquisition agreements related to work in progress:

Other liabilities M New construction Renovation Total

31 Dec 2015 253,9 22,5 276,4

31 Dec 2014 265,9 35,0 300,9

The figures for 31 December 2015 include a total of EUR 0.7 million of renovation liabilities related to Non-current assets held for sale.

Value added tax refund liabilities M Value added tax refund liabilities

31 Dec 2015 3,1

31 Dec 2014 2,5

Land purchase liabilities
M
Purchase prices for target building rights and
draft plans
Liabilities for municipal infrastructure

31 Dec 2015
14,3 4,4

31 Dec 2014
15,3 5,5

Construction liability
The land use agreement related to the zoned areas Suurpelto I and II in Espoo is subject to schedules for construction sanctioned with delay penalties.
The zoned areas are divided into three execution areas in the agreement. VVO holds building rights in these areas as follows: area 2 ­ 18,217 (18,217) floor sq m; and area 3 ­ 16,125 (16,125) floor sq m. The agreement stipulates that all of the residential building rights have to be used up by November 2013 in area 2 and by November 2016 in area 3. This schedule has not been fully met. The delay penalty is graded based on the period of delay

F-170

and can at most, if the delay has contin-ued for at least five years, be equal to half of the land use payments in accordance with the agreement. According to the agreement, the City of Espoo may, should circumstances change, lower the penalty or waive it altogether. The land use agreement related to quarters 62007 and 62025 in Jokiniemi, Vantaa is subject to schedules for construction sanctioned with delay penalties. The construction liability is divided into various forms of financing and ownership. A plot located in the City of Espoo (49-12-220-1) is subject to a schedule for construction sanc-tioned with delay penalties. A plot located in the City of Helsinki (91-40-176-8) is subject to a schedule for construction sanc-tioned with delay penalties. VVO Group has some individual disputes pending, but the company considers these to be of negligible value. Group companies have made commitments restricting the assignment and pledging of shares owned by them.
F-171

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 29. Related party transactions

29. Related party transactions
Related parties
VVO Group's related parties are the parent company, subsidiary and associated companies and joint ventures. Other related parties are the key persons included in company management, comprising the members of the Board of Directors and Management Group, the CEO and the close members of their families. Parties holding 20 per cent or more of the shares of VVO Group are always considered as related parties. Shareholders whose shareholding remains below 20 per cent are considered as related parties if they otherwise are considered to have considerable influence, such as through Board membership.
Business transactions with shareholders consist of rental and insurance agreements and a single share transaction. Related party transactions were made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length transactions.
The relationships between the parent and subsidiaries in the Group are presented in Note 31.

Transactions with shareholders M Rental agreements Insurance fees Total

31 Dec 2015 0.1 3.9 4.0

31 Dec 2014 0.1 4.2 4.2

Balance of account with other related parties M Other current liabilities

31 Dec 2015 0.3

31 Dec 2014 0.5

Management employee benefits M

31 Dec 2015

31 Dec 2014

F-172

Salaries and other short-term employee benefits
Salaries and fees paid to CEO and the Board of the Directors M Chief executive officer Deputies to CEO Board of Directors Total

2.1
31 Dec 2015 0.7 0.5 0.1 1.3

1.6
31 Dec 2014 0.5 0.3 0.1 0.9

Employees of VVO Group do not receive additional compensation for serving as Board members or the CEO of Group companies.
No shares or share derivatives were given to members of the Board of Directors during the financial year.
The retirement age for members of the Management Group is 63 years. Members of the Management Group belong to a contribution-based pension system in which an insurance premium corresponding to two months' taxable income is paid annually into a group pension insurance plan.
The period of notice for terminating the CEO's employment relationship is twelve months.

F-173

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 30. Borrowing costs

30. Borrowing costs
M Capitalised borrowing costs Yhteensä

31 Dec 2015 2.0 2.0

31 Dec 2014 2.5 2.5

Capitalisation, 2.1 %

F-174

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 31. Subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associated companies owned by the Group and the parent

31. Subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associated companies owned by the Group and the parent

Subsidiaries and joint arragements

VVO Group plc holding %

Group holding %

VVO-Yhtymä Oyj VVOhousing 1 Oy VVOhousing 2 Oy VVO Asunnot Oy VVO Hoivakiinteistöt Oy VVOhousing 3 Oy VVOhousing 4 Oy VVOhousing 5 Oy VVOhousing 6 Oy VVOhousing 7 Oy VVOhousing 8 Oy VVOhousing 9 Oy VVOhousing 10 Oy VVOhousing 11 Oy VVOhousing 12 Oy VVO Vuokratalot Oy VVO Vuokra-asunnot Oy VVO Korkotuki 2015 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2016 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2017 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2018 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2019 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2020 Oy VVO Korkotuki 2021 Oy

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

F-175

VVO Palvelut Oy VVO Kodit Oy Kiinteistö osakeyhtiö Pikkuhirvas VVO Asumisoikeus Oy
VVO Kodit Oy As Oy Kuopion Havuketo As Oy Turun Puistokatu 12 As Oy Vantaan Junkkarinkaari 7 As. Oy Heinolan Korvenkaarre As. Oy Helsingin Haapaniemenkatu 11 As. Oy Kuopion Kaarenkulma As. Oy Malski 3, Lahti As. Oy Pihavaahtera Asunto Oy Espoon Henttaan Puistokatu C Asunto Oy Espoon Henttaankaari A Asunto Oy Espoon Kilonportti 3 Asunto Oy Espoon Klariksentie 6 Asunto Oy Espoon Koivu-Mankkaan tie 1 b Asunto Oy Espoon Likusterikatu A Asunto Oy Espoon Magneettikatu 5 Asunto Oy Espoon Marinkallio 4 Asunto Oy Espoon Marinkallio 6 Asunto Oy Espoon Marinkallio 8 Asunto Oy Espoon Nihtitorpankuja 3 Asunto Oy Espoon Reelinkikatu 2 Asunto Oy Espoon Saunalahdenkatu 2 Asunto Oy Espoon Servinkuja 3 Asunto OY Espoon Soukanrinne Asunto Oy Espoon Suurpelto 44 Asunto Oy Espoon Suurpelto 5 Asunto Oy Espoon Tietäjäntie 3 Asunto Oy Helsingin Capellan puistotie 4 Asunto Oy Helsingin Haapsalunkuja 4 Asunto Oy Helsingin Henrik Borgströmin tie 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Hesperiankatu 18 Asunto Oy Helsingin Hilapellontie 2c Asunto Oy Helsingin Hilapellontie 2d Asunto Oy Helsingin Hopeatie 9 Asunto Oy Helsingin Kadetintie 6

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
89.90,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
89.90,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

F-176

Asunto Oy Helsingin Kahvipavunkuja 3 Asunto Oy Helsingin Karavaanikuja 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Karhulantie 13 Asunto Oy Helsingin Katariinankartano Asunto Oy Helsingin Katariinankoski Asunto Oy Helsingin Koirasaarentie 23 Asunto Oy Helsingin Kontulantie 19 Asunto Oy Helsingin Koskikartano Asunto Oy Helsingin Kotkankatu 9 Asunto Oy Helsingin Lauttasaarentie 27 Asunto Oy Helsingin Leikkikuja 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Leonkatu 21 Asunto Oy Helsingin Maasälväntie 5 ja 9 Asunto Oy Helsingin Marjatanportti Asunto Oy Helsingin Messeniuksenkatu 1B Asunto Oy Helsingin Oulunkylän tori 1 Asunto Oy Helsingin Palmsenpolku 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Pertunpellontie 6 Asunto Oy Helsingin Pertunpellontie 8 Asunto Oy Helsingin Plazankuja 5 Asunto Oy Helsingin Posetiivari Asunto Oy Helsingin Pärnunkatu 6 Asunto Oy Helsingin Ratarinne Asunto Oy Helsingin Retkeilijänkatu 1 Asunto Oy Helsingin Risupadontie 6 Asunto Oy Helsingin Sörnäistenkatu 12 Asunto Oy Helsingin Tilketori 2 Asunto Oy Helsingin Tuulensuunkuja 3 Asunto Oy Helsingin Valanportti Asunto Oy Helsingin Vuorenpeikontie 5 Asunto Oy Helsingin Välimerenkatu 8 Asunto Oy Hilapellontie 4 Asunto Oy Hyvinkään Merino Asunto Oy Hyvinkään Mohair Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Hilpi Kummilantie 16 Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Kajakulma Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Turuntie 38 Asunto Oy Hämeenlinnan Uusi-Jukola Asunto Oy Hämeentie 48 Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Kukkumäentie

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
93.06,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
73.97,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
93.06,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
73.97,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

F-177

Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Runkotie 5 C Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Tellervonkatu 8 Asunto Oy Jyväskylän Väinönkatu 15 Asunto Oy Järvenpään Antoninkuja 3 Asunto Oy Järvenpään Metallimiehenkuja 2 Asunto Oy Järvenpään Peltotilkku Asunto Oy Järvenpään Reki-Valko Asunto Oy Järvenpään Sibeliuksenkatu 27 Asunto Oy Kalasääksentie 6 Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Asematie 10 Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Asematie 12-14 Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Bredantie 8 Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Kavallinterassit Asunto Oy Kauniaisten Thurmaninpuistotie 2 Asunto Oy Kaustisenpolku 5 Asunto Oy Keravan Eerontie 3 Asunto Oy Keravan Palopolku 3 Asunto Oy Kirkkonummen Vernerinkuja 5 Asunto Oy Kivivuorenkuja 1 Asunto Oy Kivivuorenkuja 3 Asunto Oy Konalantie 14 Asunto Oy Kuopion Kelkkailijantie 4 Asunto Oy Kuopion Sompatie 7 Asunto Oy Kuopion Sompatie 9 Asunto Oy Lahden Sorvarinkatu 5 Asunto Oy Lahden Vihdinkatu 4 Asunto Oy Lahden Vihdinkatu 6 Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Gallerianpolku Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Koulukatu 13 Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Sammonkatu 5 Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Upseeritie 12 Asunto Oy Lintukallionrinne 1 Asunto Oy Oulun Kitimenpolku 21 Asunto Oy Oulun Tervahanhi 1 Asunto Oy Pirtinketosato Asunto Oy Pohtolan Kynnys Asunto Oy Pohtolan Kytö Asunto Oy Porin Kansankulma Asunto Oy Rautamasuuni Asunto Oy Rientolanhovi

100.00,% 97.01,%
100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
99.57,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
97.96,% 63.55,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

100.00,% 97.01,%
100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
99.57,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
97.96,% 63.55,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

F-178

Asunto Oy Riihimäen Mäkiraitti 17 Asunto Oy Rovaniemen Koskikatu 9 Asunto Oy Rovaniemen Pohjolankatu 11 Asunto Oy Rovaniemen Tukkivartio Asunto Oy Salamankulma Asunto Oy Tampereen Koipitaipaleenkatu 9 Asunto Oy Tampereen Nuolialantie 44 Asunto Oy Tampereen Pohtolan Pohja Asunto Oy Tampereen Satakunnankatu 21 Asunto Oy Tampereen Tuomiokirkonkatu 32 Asunto Oy Toppilan Tuulentie 2 Asunto Oy Tuiran Komuntalo Asunto Oy Turun Vänrikinkatu 2 Asunto Oy Tuusulan Bostoninkaari 2 Asunto Oy Tuusulan Kievarinkaari 4 Asunto Oy Tuusulan Metsontie 2 Asunto Oy Vantaan Elmontie 11 Asunto Oy Vantaan Hiiritornit Asunto Oy Vantaan Keikarinkuja 3 Asunto Oy Vantaan Kilterinaukio 4 Asunto Oy Vantaan Kilterinkaari 2 Asunto Oy Vantaan Krassitie 8 Asunto Oy Vantaan Lauri Korpisen katu 10 Asunto Oy Vantaan Lehtikallio 4 Asunto Oy Vantaan Leinelänkaari 13 Asunto Oy Vantaan Leinelänkaari 14 Asunto Oy Vantaan Leineläntie 3 Asunto Oy Vantaan Neilikkapolku Asunto Oy Vantaan Pyhtäänkorvenkuja 4 ja 6 Asunto Oy Vantaan Tammistonvuori Asunto Oy Verkkotie 3 Asunto Oy Vähäntuvantie 6 Kiint. Oy Taivaskero 2 Kiinteistö Oy Espoon Kynäkatu C Kiinteistö Oy Saarensahra Kiinteistö Oy Saariniemenkatu 6 Kiinteistö Oy Satonkaarre Kiinteistö Oy Siilinjärven Kirkkorinne Kiinteistö Oy Tuureporin Liiketalo Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Pyhtäänpolku

93.22,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
66.18,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
97.17,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 90.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

93.22,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
66.18,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
97.17,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 90.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%

F-179

Kiinteistö Oy Ylä-Malmintori Kiinteistöosakeyhtiö Näsilinnankatu 40 Kilterin Kehitys Oy Volaria Oy Fredi-Invest Oy Fredi-Invest Oy:n tytär: Kiinteistö Oy Helsingin Eliaksentalo 1
VVO Palvelut Oy Kiinteistö Oy Mannerheimintie 168a
VVO Asunnot Oy Asunto Oy Espoon Klariksentie 2 Asunto Oy Espoon Piilipuuntie 11 Asunto Oy Espoon Piilipuuntie 7 Asunto Oy Espoon Piilipuuntie 9 Asunto Oy Helsingin Soittajantie 2 Asunto Oy Kouvolan Viirikaari Asunto Oy Kuopion Papinkuja 3 Asunto Oy Kuopion Papinkuja 7 Asunto Oy Päivöläntie 25 Asunto Oy Vantaan Kilterinmännikkö Kiinteistö Oy Espoon Lyhtykuja Kiinteistö Oy Lappeenrannan Koulukatu 1 Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Kilterinhovi Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Kilterinkartano Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Kilterinpiha Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Kilterinrinne 6 Sivuston Vounamo Oy
VVOhousing 1 Oy Asunto Oy Turun Aurinkorinne Asunto Oy Vantaan Lauri Korpisen katu 8 Kiinteistö Oy Mannerheimintie 168 Asunto Oy Tuusulan Männistöntie 1
VVO Vuokratalot Oy Asunto Oy Espoon Asemakuja 1 Asunto Oy Espoon Piilipuuntie 25

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
76.99,%
100.00,%
92.74,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
93.86,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
75.55,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
81.50,% 100.00,%
51.46,% 100.00,%
100.00,% 100.00,%

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
100.00,%
100.00,%
92.74,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
93.86,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
81.50,% 100.00,%
82.61,% 100.00,%
100.00,% 100.00,%

F-180

Asunto Oy Espoon Piilipuuntie 31 Asunto Oy Kuopion Niemenkatu 5 Asunto Oy Kaarinan Hovirinnan Luumu Kiinteistö Oy Kanavanpirtti Kiinteistö Oy Nummenperttu Kiinteistö Oy Oulun Kotkankynsi Asunto Oy OulunTuiranmaja Kiinteistö Oy Vaakamestarinpolku 2 Kiinteistö Oy Vehnäpelto Tikantupa Oy Kiinteistö Oy Vehnäpellon tytär: Kiinteistö Oy Viljapelto
VVO Vuokra-asunnot Oy Asunto Oy Helsingin Kauppakartanonkuja 3 Asunto Oy Järvenpään Rekivatro Asunto Oy Lappeenrannan Nurmelanpirtti Asunto Oy Vantaan Aerolan A-talot Asunto Oy Vantaan Aerolan B-talot Kiinteistö Oy Malminhaka
VVO Korkotuki 2015 Oy Asunto Oy Hattulan Jukolankuja 3
VVO Korkotuki 2017 Oy Kiinteistö Oy Tampereen Kyllikinkatu 15
VVO Korkotuki 2018 Oy Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Karhunkierros 1 C
VVO Korkotuki 2021 Oy Asunto Oy Kuopion Vilhelmiina
VVO-konserni Mummunkujan pysäköinti Oy Katajapysäköinti Oy Hatanpäänhovin Pysäköinti Oy

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
65.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
55.56,%
100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 90.00,%
100.00,%
76.50,%
86.58,%
78.38,%

100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
65.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,%
76.67,%
100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 100.00,% 90.00,%
100.00,%
100.00,%
86.58,%
100.00,%
53.01,% 50.93,% 62.51,%

F-181

Associated companies
VVO-yhtymä Oyj Asunto Oy Nilsiän Ski SV-Asunnot Oy
Associated companies VVO Asunnot Oy As. Oy Järvenpään Jampanpaju Hatanpäänhovin Pysäköinti Oy Kanniston Huolto Oy Kiinteistö Oy Ahdinluoto Kiinteistö Oy Jyrkkälänpolku Kiinteistö Oy Tampereen Taijan Parkki Kiinteistö Oy Vantaan Puunhaltijakujan Parkki Mummunkujan pysäköinti Oy Tamppi Pysäköinti Oy Veturitallin Parkki Oy
VVOhousing 1 Oy Fastighets Ab Lovisa Stenborg Kiinteistö Oy Ristikedonkadun Lämpö Oy SKIPA Kiinteistöpalvelut Oy
VVO Vuokratalot Oy Asunto Oy Viljapelto Kiinteistö Oy Keinulaudantie 4 Pajalan Parkki Oy
VVO Korkotuki 2015 Oy Ruukuntekijäntien paikoitus Oy
VVO Korkotuki 2016 Oy Kiinteistö Oy Myllytullin Autotalo
VVO Korkotuki 2017 Oy

28.33,% 50.00,%

28.33,% 50.00,%

VVO Group plc holding %
41.35,% 20.63,% 20.51,% 34.50,% 28.85,% 49.17,% 44.62,% 26.51,% 23.21,% 37.50,%

Group holding %
41.35,% 62.51,% 20.51,% 34.50,% 28.85,% 49.17,% 44.62,% 53.01,% 23.21,% 45.31,%

45.50,% 34.40,% 20.63,%

45.50,% 34.40,% 20.63,%

21.11,% 41.62,% 31.44,%

76.67,% 41.62,% 44.06,%

26.24,%

26.24,%

24.39,%

24.39,%

F-182

Paavolan Parkki Oy Virvatulentien Pysäköinti Oy
VVO Korkotuki 2020 Oy Lintulammenkadun Pysäköintilaitos oy
VVO Kodit Oy AsOy Kuopion Vilhelmiina Hatanpäänhovin Pysäköinti Oy Katajapysäköinti Oy Kiinteistö Oy Jyväskylän Torikulma Koy Bäckisåker Koy Pohjois-suurpelto Kiinteistö Oy Espoon Lukukatu A Suurpellon Kehitys Oy Kiinteistö Oy Oulun Tullivahdin Parkki Koy Lappeenrannan Koulukatu 1 Koy Mannerheimintie 168 Koy Tampereen Kyllikinkatu 15 Marin autopaikat Oy Mummunkujan pysäköinti Oy Pihlajapysäköinti Oy Asunto Oy Vantaan Lehtikallio 4: Koy Lehtikallion pysäköinti Asunto Oy Järvenpään Sibeliuksenkatu 27: Kiinteistö Oy Järvenpään Tupalantalli Koy Helsingin Eliaksentalo 1

24.93,% 25.15,%
39.19,%
21.62,% 41.88,% 34.26,% 42.63,% 50.00,% 50.00,% 50.00,% 50.00,% 33.60,% 24.45,% 31.15,% 23.50,% 21.00,% 26.51,% 30.56,%
39.84,%
33.51,% 23.01,%

24.93,% 25.15,%
39.19,%
100.00,% 62.51,% 50.93,% 42.63,%
50.00,% 50.00,% 50.00,% 50.00,% 33.60,% 100.00,% 82.61,% 100.00,% 21.00,% 53.01,% 30.56,%
39.84,%
33.51,% 100.00,%

F-183

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 32. Events after the reporting period
32. Events after the reporting period
In accordance with the preliminary agreement signed on 30 November 2015, VVO Group sells 8,631 cost principle rental apartments located around Finland to Kiinteistö OY YAsunnot which is part of the Y-Foundation. The details of this transaction are still pending. Note 3 Non-current assets held for sale specifies the effects of the transaction on the Group in detail.
F-184

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the consolidated financial statements » 33. Key figures

33. Key figures

Revenue, M Net rental income, M % revenue Net financial expenses, M Profit before taxes, M Balance sheet, total Investment properties, M Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company Interest-bearing liabilities, M Return on equity, % (ROE) Return on investments, % (ROI) Equity ratio, % Loan to Value, % 1) 2) Earnings per share,  Equity per share,  Dividend per share,  Gross investments, M Number of personnel, average

2015 370.9 227.4
61.3 37.1 224.7 4,236.1 3,999.2
1,738.5 1,494.6
10.8 7.6 41.1
42.8 24.23 234.85 5.00 235.0
364

2014 *) 356.5 210.0 58.9 47.3 146.5
3,957.2 3,708.8
1,579.0 1,850.1
7.2 5.9 40.0 49.4 14.95 213.30 3.00 200.5 339

2013 346.6 198.4
57.2 40.3 75.9 2,468.5 3,351.1
497.9 1,795.1
15.5 5.5 41.3 50.3 10.07 209.16 2.20 223.2 341

2012 335.4 197.3
58.8 50.2 62.5 2,276.1 3,120.0
438.4 1,664.3
10.6 5.5
38.8 50.0 6.19 178.60 2.00 74.8 343

2011 327.3 186.6
57.0 49.9 55.8 2,252.2
404.4 1,683.9
11.2 5.2
6.07
1.60 121.5 349

*) As of 2014, the Group adopted IFRS for its financial reporting. For 2011­2013, figures are presented according to the FAS financial statements. 1) Calculated with FAS 2013­2012 fair values 2) Does not include items held for sale

F-185

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Transition to IFRS
Transition to IFRS
Since 1 January 2015, VVO Group prepares its consolidated financial statements, including the Interim Reports, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). For periods up to and including the year ended 31 December 2014, VVO has drawn up its consolidated financial statements in accordance with Finnish Accounting Standards (FAS). The Group's date of transition to IFRS was 1 January 2014. VVO has applied IFRS 1 (Firsttime Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards) in the transition. The note describes the most important effects of the IFRS transition on financial statements, as well as the accounting policies with the most significant effects on the income statement, balance sheet and cash flows relating to the adoption of IFRS.
The transition from FAS to IFRS has affected the reported financial position, financial performance and cash flows of VVO Group. The most significant impacts relate to the following:
Measurement of investment property Recognition of deferred taxes Measurement of financial instruments Changes in consolidation methods Below are provided more details about the effects of the transition to IFRS on VVO Group's financial result, balance sheet and key indicators.
Reconciliations and explanation of the effects of the transition to IFRS The effects of the transition of VVO Group from FAS to IFRS on VVO Group's balance sheet and result are described below. The following reconciliations are presented below:
· reconciliation of the consolidated equity reported in accordance with FAS to the consolidated equity in accordance with IFRS, as at 1 January 2014 (opening IFRS balance sheet) and as at 31 December 2014
· reconciliation of the total consolidated profit in accordance with FAS to the total comprehensive income in accordance with IFRS for the financial year 2014.
F-186

Balance sheet 1 January 2014

At 1 Jan

At 1 Jan

2014

2014

under Reclassifi- Proportional Investment Financial Employee

Other under

M

Note FAS

cation consolidation property instruments benefits adjustments IFRS

ASSETS
Non-current assets

Intangible assets

9.9

-8.2

1.7

Tangible assets
Investment properties
Property, plant and equipment

2,182.5 -2,172.9 2,200.2 32.3

-9.7

0.7

1,311.6

0.0 -2.1 3,510.3
32.3

Investments

23.3

-23.3

0.0

Investments in

associated

companies

3.2

3.2

Financial assets
Non-current receivables
Deferred tax assets
Non-current assets total

3.0 a, b
2,218.7

0.6 -0.5 0.7 32.1

1.7 -7.3

0.1 1,311.7

-0.5

5.7

0.3

5.3

0.3

0.6

3.8

0.6

7.4

-1.5 3,559.4

Current assets
Trading properties
Current tax assets
Trade and other receivables
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Current assets total

42.6 0.1 12.7
64.0 130.4 249.8

-37.3
0.0 -0.1 -37.3

0.0 0.0

-0.2

-0.3

0.0

-0.1 1.8

1.7

0.0

5.3

0.1

0.7

13.2

65.8

130.2

0.7 214.6

ASSETS TOTAL

2,468.5

-5.2

SHAREHOLDER' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company
Share capital

58.0

-7.5

1,311.7

7.0

0.3

-0.9 3,774.0

58.0

F-187

Share issue premium

35.8

Revaluation

reserve

1.7

Fair value

reserve

a

Invested non-

restricted equity

reserve

17.9

Other equity

fund

0.0

Retained earnings

a

384.6

1.5

Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company

497.9

1.5

Non-controlling interests

11.2

-0.5

Total equity

c, f 509.2

0.9

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities

Liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities

1,680.4

b

100.5

Derivatives

Provisions

1.3

Other non-

current liabilites

8.7

Non-current liabilities total

1,791.0

-21.4 0.7 1.6
-1.5 -20.7

Current liabilities
Current liabilities
Derivatives
Current tax liabilities
Trade and other payables
Current liabilities total

114.7

18.0

5.5 48.2 168.4

0.4 -3.7 14.6

Total liabilities
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

1,959.4

-6.1

2,468.5

-5.2

-19.9

4.2

1,019.9

-1.6

-1.2

35.8

-1.7

0.0

-19.9

17.9 0.0 0.6 1,407.9

4.2
-10.3 -6.1

1,019.9 1,019.9

-21.5

-1.2

-21.5

-1.2

-1.1 1,499.6
0.4 -1.1 1,500.1

-1.2

-0.1

291.8

-0.6
0.4 27.6

-1.3

291.8

27.4

0.0

1,657.2

-0.4

392.8 29.1 1.3

0.8

8.0

0.4 2,088.5

-0.1 1.2

0.0

-0.1

0.0

-1.4

291.8

1.5

1.2

1.5

28.5

1.5

-7.5

1,311.7

7.0

0.3

132.6 1.2 5.9
-0.1 45.7 -0.1 185.4
0.2 2,273.9
-0.9 3,774.0

F-188

Balance sheet 31 December 2014

At 31

At 31

Dec

Dec

2014

2014

under Reclassifi- Proportional Investment Financial Employee

Other under

M

Note

FAS

cation consolidation property instruments benefits adjustments IFRS

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Intangible assets
Tangible assets
Investment properties
Property, plant and equipment

9.0

-7.6

2,356.2 -2,346.7

2,345.2

31.7

-9.5

0.5

1,365.2

1.4 0.0 -2.1 3,708.8
31.7

Investments
Investments in associated companies
Financial assets
Non-current receivables
Deferred tax assets
Non-current assets total

26.6
1.5 a, b
2,393.3

-26.6 3.5 0.6
1.3 1.3

1.7

0.1

0.1

-7.2

1,365.3

-0.4

9.9

0.3

9.5

0.3

0.0

3.5

0.6

2.8

0.1

11.8

-2.0 3,760.6

Current assets
Trading properties
Current tax assets
Trade and other receivables
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Current assets total

3.0 1.4

9.6

65.9

114.7

194.5

0.0

0.2

-0.3

-0.1

0.0

-0.1 2.4

2.3

0.0

3.0 1.4
9.6 68.3 114.4 0.0 196.7

ASSETS TOTAL

2,587.8

1.3

SHAREHOLDER' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

-7.3

1,365.3

11.8

0.3

-2.0 3,957.2

F-189

Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company

Share capital

Share issue premium

Revaluation reserve

Fair value

reserve

a

Invested nonrestricted equity reserve

Other equity fund

Retained

earnings

a

58.0 35.8
1.7
17.9 0.0 439.2

Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
Noncontrolling interests

552.6

0.0

10.6

Total equity

c, f 563.2

0.0

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities

Liabilities

1,695.2

-4.3

Deferred tax

liabilities

b

102.2

1.3

Derivatives

5.3

Provisions

1.5

Other non-

current

liabilites

7.4

Non-current liabilities total

1,806.4

2.3

Current liabilities
Current liabilities
Derivatives
Current tax liabilities
Trade and other payables
Current liabilities total

156.7

4.3

12.3

49.2

-5.3

218.2

-1.0

-35.0

4.0

1,062.9

-2.6

-1.4

58.0

35.8

-1.7

0.0

-35.0

17.9 0.0 0.1 1,502.3

4.0

1,062.9

-10.1 -6.2

1,062.9

-37.6

-1.4

-37.6

-1.4

-1.6 1,579.0
0.5 -1.6 1,579.5

-1.1

-0.1

302.4

-0.5
0.5 48.4

-1.2

302.4

48.3

0.0

1,689.3 -0.4 405.9
53.7 1.5
7.4 -0.4 2,157.7

-0.2

0.2

0.0

0.0

1.1

1.7

1.1

1.7

160.8 1.1
12.3
45.9 0.0 220.0

F-190

Total liabilities

2,024.6

1.3

TOTAL EQUITY

AND

LIABILITIES

2,587.8

1.3

-1.2

302.4

49.4

1.7

-0.4 2,377.8

-7.3

1,365.3

11.8

0.3

-2.0 3,957.2

Income statement for the financial year 2014

FAS

Proportional

IFRS

1- Reclassifi-

consoli- Investment Financial Employee Other

1-

M

Note 12/2014

cation

dation property instruments benefits adjustments 12/2014

Total revenue
Maintenance expenses

367.9

-11.2 -96.7

-0.1

0.0

-0.3

0.0

0.0

0.0 356.5 -97.1

Repair expenses

-49.6

0.1

-49.5

Net rental income
Materials and services
Administrative expenses
Other operating income
Other operating expenses
Profit/loss on sales of investment properties
Profit/loss on sales of trading properties
Fair value change of investment properties
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses
Share of result of associated companies

-8.7 -21.1 14.4 -164.5

8.7 -17.3
0.0 163.6

2.6

-52.3

0.9

-0.9

-0.4

0.0

0.0

0.0

-11.5

0.0

0.0

-4.6 -2.8

26.2

50.6

0.0

0.0

-0.3

0.0 210.0
-38.7 2.9 -0.9 -4.6 -0.2
26.2 -1.7

Operating profit / loss
Financial income
Financial expenses

136.7 2.3
-48.7

-0.4 0.1 0.1

57.8

0.0

-0.3

0.2

-1.4

0.0 192.9 2.7
-50.0

Total amount of

financial income

and expenses

a

-46.3

0.2

0.0

-1.2

0.0

0.0 -47.3

F-191

Share of result

of associated

companies

0.9

Profit before taxes

e

90.3

Current tax expense

-23.8

Change in

deferred taxes b, e

4.6

Income taxes total

-0.1

0.1

Profit/loss for the period

71.0

Profit of the financial period attributable to

Shareholders of the parent company

Non-controlling

interests

-0.1

Earnings per share based on profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company
Basic, euro
Diluted, euro

Average number of the shares, millions

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF THE COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
M
Profit/loss for the period
Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Cash flow hedgings
Available-forsale financial assets

71.0

0.0

-0.1 -0.3

57.8 0.4
-16.3

-1.2

-0.3

0.1

0.0

-0.3

41.9

-1.1

-0.2

0.0

-0.3

41.9

-1.1

-0.2

-19.5 0.6

0.9

0.0 146.5

-23.5

-0.6

-12.2

-0.6 110.8

110.7 -0.1

6.50 6.50
7.4

-0.6 110.8
-19.5 0.6

F-192

Deferred taxes

Total

comprehensive

income for the

period

a, e

71.0

0.0

Total comprehensive income attributable to
Shareholders of the parent company
Non-controlling interests

71.0 -0.1

3.8

-0.3

41.9

-16.2

-0.2

-0.3

41.9

-16.2

-0.2

3.8 -0.6 95.7

-0.6

95.6

-0.1

Explanation of the effects of the transition to IFRS
The accounting policies that have had the most significant effect on VVO Group's consolidated income statement and balance sheet when adopting IFRS are described herein.
The Group applied IFRS 1 (First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards) in the transition to IFRS. VVO Group has decided to apply the following reliefs allowed by IFRS 1 to the requirements of other standards:
Business acquisitions:
The Group does not apply IFRS 3 Business combinations retrospectively to business combinations made before the IFRS transition date. Instead, the classification and recognition principles for as-sets and liabilities will be kept as they have been in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Finnish laws and regulations.
Interest subsidy loans:
Interest subsidy loans granted to VVO Group are accounted for as government loans in accordance with IAS 20 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance . These loans have been granted by an organisation representing the government and they are subsidies in nature. VVO has applied the relief allowed by IFRS 1, under which the carrying amounts of said loans have not been adjusted in the opening IFRS balance sheet. After the transition, these loans will be accounted for in accordance with IAS 39.

F-193

Consolidation policies (joint arrangements)
The consolidation policies for housing companies in which VVO Group does not have 100% own-ership, as well as the consolidation policies for mutual real estate companies, have been changed, so that from 1 January 2014, these assets are accounted for as joint operations, as referred to in IFRS 11 Joint arrangements. In a joint operation, VVO Group has rights to the assets and obliga-tions for the liabilities relating to the arrangement. In these companies, the shares held by VVO carry entitlement to control over specified premises.
In IFRS financial statements, holdings in housing companies and mutual real estate companies are consolidated using proportionate consolidation in accordance with the holding. Thus, VVO Group's share of their assets, liabilities, income and expenses is consolidated in proportion to VVO Group's ownership on a line-by-line basis into the corresponding items in VVO Group's financial statements, including the Group's possible share of joint assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
Assets and liabilities in the FAS balance sheet have been adjusted as a result of the change in the consolidation method. These adjustments are shown in the balance sheet bridge presented above. The adjustments result from not consolidating the above assets and liabilities in full (100%) and not including non-controlling interests' share in the consolidated financial statements. The counterpart of the adjustments concerning the consolidation method is the non-controlling interests' share of equity.
These changes had an effect of EUR -7.5 million on the opening IFRS balance sheet and EUR -7.3 on the closing balance sheet for 2014.
The change in the consolidation method did not have a significant effect on the result. The effects on income statement items in 2014 are presented in the income statement reconciliation.
Intangible assets
The following intangible assets in the FAS balance sheet have been reclassified into Investment property: air-raid shelter and parking space rights, parking areas and shares in car parking facilities that meet the criteria for investment property, totalling EUR 8.2 million in the opening IFRS balance sheet (EUR 7.6 million on 31 December 2014).
Tangible assets
The following tangible assets in the FAS balance sheet have been reclassified into Investment property: land areas, entry fees, residential and business properties, machinery
F-194

and equipment, acquisitions in progress and other capitalised long-term expenditure that meet the criteria for an investment property. This adjustment totalled EUR 2,142.0 million in the balance sheet at 1 January 2014 and EUR 2,316.4 million at 31 December 2014.
Investment property (changes to balance sheet and fair value)
The Group has decided to apply the fair value model of IAS 40 Investment property to the valuation of its investment properties. This increased the balance sheet value of VVO Group's property as-sets by EUR 1,326.3 million on 1 January 2014, and the resulting increase in deferred tax liability (20%) amounted to EUR 288.3 million. The change in the value of investment properties in the financial year 2014, EUR 26.2 million, has been recognised in the income statement.
Before the transition to IFRS, VVO Group measured its property and housing portfolio at cost less depreciation and impairment. The deferred taxes for allocated reserves and assets, previously cap-italised in fixed assets, were reversed in the transition to IFRS.
In connection with the transition, the property and housing portfolio owned by the Group has been reassessed and reclassified as applicable. Nearly all of them are assets that meet the investment property criteria. Investment property refers to a property (land, building or part of a building) that the Group retains to earn rental income or capital appreciation, or both.
Changes in fair value are recognised through profit and loss from 1 January 2014 and presented netted as a separate item in the income statement. When applying the fair value model, depreciation is no longer recognised in respect of investment properties. Changes in the fair values of properties may cause fluctuation in VVO Group's result in the future.
The fair value of the rental apartments and business premises owned by the Group is determined quarterly on the basis of the company's own evaluation. An external expert issues a statement on the valuation of rental apartments and business premises owned by VVO Group.
In the annual reports for 2013 and 2014, VVO Group presented the fair value of its investment property in a note. The fair value measurement principles for residential and business properties have been specified in more detail in connection with the transition to comply with IFRS. The effects were not significant.
Shares in associates
The Shares in associates item in the FAS balance sheet included investments in housing
F-195

compa-nies and mutual real estate companies, which were consolidated in the consolidated financial statements using the equity method. From 1 January 2014, VVO Group's investments in housing companies and mutual real estate companies in which the Group's holding is 20­50 per cent are accounted for as joint operations and consolidated into the corresponding items in the consolidated financial statements using the proportionate consolidation method in accordance with the holding. The adjustment from Capital Expenditure into Investment property in the opening IFRS balance sheet and at 31 December 2014 amounted to EUR -7.7 million. The effect of the adjustment on the 2014 FAS income statement line Share of income and expenses of associates was not significant.
Other investments
VVO Group's investments in companies in which the Group's holding is less than 20 per cent were previously included in Capital expenditure in the balance sheet. They have been reclassified as available-for-sale financial assets (Available-for-sale financial assets under Non-current assets in the IFRS-balance sheet). The transfer between the balance sheet items amounted to EUR 0.6 million on 1 January 2014 and 31 December 2014. These investments are valued on the basis of their carrying amount at 31 December 2013 in accordance with Finnish financial statement regulations.
Derivative instruments
VVO Group's derivative instruments consist of interest rate derivatives and electricity derivatives. The Group uses interest rate derivatives to hedge its interest rate risk exposure related to long-term loans and resulting volatility in profits. The purpose of electricity derivatives is to limit fluctuations in VVO Group's result caused by changing electricity prices.
All derivative instruments not included in the hedge accounting referred to in IAS 39 are included in financial assets and liabilities recognised at fair value through profit and loss. IFRS regulation re-quires initial recognition of derivative instruments at fair value and their subsequent measurement at fair value on the last day of each reporting period. Previously, VVO Group did not measure derivatives at fair value after the initial recognition, with the exception of interest rate swaptions.
Gains and losses from fair value measurement are accounted for as determined by the purpose of the derivative instruments. The effects on results of changes in the value of derivative instruments that are included in hedge accounting and that are effective hedging instruments are presented consistently with the hedged item. VVO Group has decided to apply hedge accounting in accord-ance with IAS 39 (cash flow hedge
F-196

accounting) to the majority of interest rate derivatives. Fair value changes of hedging interest rate derivatives are recognised in other comprehensive income and reported in fair value reserve in equity net of tax. For derivative instruments not included in hedge accounting, changes in fair value are recognised through profit and loss in the period during which they arise. VVO Group does not apply hedge accounting to electricity derivatives and certain interest rate derivatives.

a) Appendix: Derivative instruments Balance sheet adjustments due to changes in accounting practice were as follows:

M

1 Jan 2014

31 Dec 2014

Interest rate derivatives, hedge accounted (FAS) Fair value reserve Deferred tax assets
Fair value (IFRS)

0.0 -20.8
-5.2 -26.0

0.0 -36.4
-9.1 -45.5

Interest rate derivatives, no hedge accounting (FAS) Retained earnings Deferred tax assets
Fair value (IFRS)

-1.6 -1.3 -0.3 -3.2

-5.3 -2.4 -0.6 -8.3

Electricity derivatives (FAS) Retained earnings Deferred tax assets Fair value (IFRS)

0.0

0.0

-0.9

-0.8

-0.2

-0.2

-1.2

-0.9

The EUR -19.5 million change in the value of hedging interest rate derivatives, arising in 2014, has been recognised in components of other comprehensive income. Changes in the values of instru-ments not included in hedge accounting in 2014 were EUR -1.4 million for interest rate derivatives and EUR +0.2 million for electricity derivatives. These have not been recognised through profit and loss previously.
Financial assets
Previously, VVO Group measured financial assets at the lower of cost or market price. Financial assets were reclassified on 1 January 2014 into the following financial asset categories:

F-197

· Available-for-sale financial assets: These include investments in other instruments with a reliably determinable fair value, such as fund investments and investments in other unlisted securities. From 1 January 2014, investments measured at fair value are measured at fair value on the last day of the reporting period. As a rule, fair value changes are recognised in other comprehensive income, net of tax, and reported in fair value reserve in equity.
· The value of investments measured at fair value in the opening IFRS balance sheet on 1 January 2014 was EUR 50.3 million, and EUR 55.5 million on 31 December 2014.
· The effect of fair value changes on the income statement of 2014 was EUR 2.4 mil-lion, including an EUR 0.7 million impairment loss adjustment, previously recognised through profit and loss.
S Unlisted securities are still measured at cost less impairment loss, as their fair value cannot be reliably determined.
· Loans and other receivables: This category includes fixed-term deposits and similar. Loans and other receivables are initially measured at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The carrying amount of financial assets included in this category did not change in the opening IFRS balance sheet.
· Held-to-maturity investments: Held-to-maturity securities are measured at amortised cost.

Deferred taxes
b) Appendix: Deferred taxes Adjustments of deferred taxes consist of the following items:

M Deferred tax assets (FAS) Differencies carried forward and temporary differenicies Tax losses carried forward confirmed by tax authorities Valuation at fair value
Interest rate derivatives Available-for-sale financial assets Electricity derivatives Deferred tax assets (IFRS)

1 Jan 2014 3.9
-2.7 0.6
5.5 -0.1 0.2 7.4

Deferred tax liabilities (FAS)

104.4

31 Dec 2014 5.6 -3.6 0.0
9.7 -0.1 0.2 11.8
107.9

F-198

Differencies carried forward and temporary differenicies accumulated depreciation Residential building provisions Valuation at fair value
Investment properties Available-for-sale financial assets Deferred tax liabilities (IFRS)
Total deferred taxes (FAS) Changes total Total deferred taxes (IFRS)

-15.5 -27.9
-0.1
331.8 0.2
392.8
100.5 284.9 385.4

-21.5 -31.0
-0.1
350.2 0.3
405.9
102.2 291.8 394.0

Deferred taxes in the 2014 income statement have been adjusted with a total of EUR -16.8 million, of which EUR -5.2 million result from the fair value measurement of investment properties.
Deferred taxes are accounted for in accordance with IAS 12 Income taxes. As a rule, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the liability method.
In practice, the changes concerning income taxes result from the fair value measurement of in-vestment properties and financial instruments, which has increased the number of deferred tax items. The largest item (EUR 332 million) is constituted by the temporary difference between the fair values and tax bases of investment properties owned by VVO Group. After the initial recognition, the investment property is measured at fair value through profit and loss at the end of the reporting period. At the same time, deferred tax is recognised in profit and loss on the basis of the temporary difference. The calculation of tax is based on the assumption that, as a rule, VVO Group will dispose of the investment property by selling it in the form of property, not by selling the shares in the company. Before the transition to IFRS, the Group already recognised income taxes mainly in accordance with IFRS regulations. With the exception of the new items mentioned above, changes in deferred taxes have mainly been minor adjustments of the previous recognition practice. Deferred taxes are measured using the tax rates (and tax legislation) in force on 31 December 2014.

F-199

01234563157898395347389351
!"#$%&'%()()&00'0$1&00%2%!&0%)30'4)'"#("#'%0#$(5)%0!%)'678 %)$(40'&'4)'%)'2%)&)$%&19&#@ABC&0D)#3#0!E22$'(2' &!FG0'4)'H&0IPQRSAET4%11%()E

U351373911V47173WX5Y
`6Q8&!FG0'4)'0#$(5)%0!%)#'&%)!&#)%)50$()0%0'(2'2(11(H%)5%'40a

bcdeefghipqrstihuigurbvwbxwvyigrrfxiyrrvgxvtr



8593893644XX9633 V31X1511YU3293X4359213 934239X23399301495233934W134X559332153YU33591113V4 115593934115V4 3WX55Y

dgjhWXei57YX7157e37f91 klmh nkml hmh

emo

eomp nlimq eemg khpmg

r&)50

$&$84($!(''#F&&)GG'))0$0#(55(''4G1!%!&0001&&%)&)')'%)(0!!)

TE@ sBAEt sCET

'2u"&#&%(#1G"3%&)&'3#1%G'(%0)'0(4&2')'

BvATBEB

BvATBEB

w("#2(%2)"3###'0!%'40'&x)'0

sCBE@

sCBE@

r&!05%2)1(5H0

s@AEt

sBEy

s@@EB

&07&0310&%1'2&0%)D&1)s$2(%&#1s

AEz

AE{

BET

I1!$5'#%)%$5%'09

sAEz

sAEz

ID4)"12(%'90

sBE@

sBE@

|'#%'40

sBE{

sBE{

0gdhWUXei57YX7157e37f91 klmh nkml hmh

hmh epmp eomp e}ihomp hmi e}khhme

~

hcdeefghipqrstihuigurbvwbxwvyigrrfxiyrrfbfftr

7

8593893644XX9633 V31X1511YU3293X4359213 934239X23399301495233934W134X559332153YU33591113V4 115593934115V4 3WX55Y

dX1W3X73g59Yh77eji57ne StEA ySEt AEA

BE{ AEA B{Ez CyzE@ BAET STyE@

r&)50

$$48$(&!(''#F&&)GG'))0$0#(55(''4G1!%!&0001&%&)&)')'%)(0!!)

TEz sBAEB syEy

"'u2&#&%(#1G"%3)&&'3#1%G'(%0)'0(4&2')'

BvBBSEt

BvBBSEt

"(w#2(%2)"3###'0!%'40'&x)'0

sSSET

sSSET

r&!05%2)1(5H0

syTEC

s@EC

sytEt

70&&0310&%1'2&0%)D&1)s$2(%&#1s

BEC

AES

BEz

I1!$5'#%)%$5%'09

sAEt

sAEt

DI4)"12(%'90

sBEC

sBEC

|'#%'40

sBE{

sBE{

dXW13X73g59Yh707ei5U7ne klmh nkml hmh

hmh nkmh eomp e}khgmn hmk e}kopmk

3513397151X993157534753971V53967368Y33
uu| #(G"&0&#4G)#&'%()0$4'&'$(3#0')'%#"#0())1v)'%'1%)5'4 '( D)2%'0&2'#&0"$%2%$)G4D#(29&#0(20#3%$E71%&D%1%'9(2&""#(x%4&'19IPQBES 4%11%()&0D)#$(5)%0!%)'(")%)5`6Q8D&1&)$0'2(#'%0&##&)54)'v%) &$$(#!&)$H%'`78BzI4"1(9D)2%'0E
#3%(G019'x")0#0G1'%)52#(4 'D)2%'H&0#$(5)%0!H)'D)2%$%&#9 G0! %'E



117534
`)''#&)0%'%()'(`6Q8v'#(G"02%)&)$%&11%&D%1%'%0&3D)$1&00%2%!%'#%)'( 2%)&)$%&11%&D%1%'%0#$(5)%0!&'2&%#3&1G'#(G5"#(2%'&)!1(00!#%3&'%31%&D%1%'%0(# 2%)&)$%&11%&D%1%'%04&0G#!&'$(0'('#2%)&)$%&11%&D%1%'%0E|'#2%)&)$%&11%&D%1%'%0 4&%)19$()0%0'(2uu|#(G"03&#%(G0"#(4%00(#9)('1(&)%)0'#G4)'0v4&0G#!&' &4(#'%0!$(0'G0%)5'22$'%3%)'#0'4'(!E

r&##9%)5&4(G)'0(2'#(G"02%)&)$%&11%&D%1%'%0H#&!FG0'!%)'(")%)5`6Q8 D&1&)$0'()B&)G&#9@ABCH%''&4(G)'(21(&)20)('#$(5)%0!%)'#0G1'E 22$'(2'&!FG0'4)'H&0%)0%5)%2%$&)'E

5397X4563154
'#&)0%'%()'(`6Q8!%!)('#0G1'%)0%5)%2%$&)'!%22#)$0%)'$&021(H0'&'4)'E 72'#''#&)0%'%()v!"(0%'0(3#'#4()'0&#&$$(G)'!2(#%)'%)30'4)'$&0 21(H%)0'&!(2$&0&)!$&0G%3&1)'0E

d3547173Y71594
V9X8 Q3)Gv |"#'%)5"#(2%'v #(2%'D2(#'&x0v I&#)%)50"#0&#v IG%'9"#0&#vD((3&1G IG%'9"#0&#v2&%#3&1G rG##)'#&'%( Q'G#)()G%'9vQ|I Q'G#)()%)30'4)'0vQ|` IG%'9#&'%(vD((3&1G IG%'9#&'%(v2&%#3&1G r&0&)!$&0G%3&1)'0v `)'#0'D&#%)51%&D%1%'%0v

j eegghei
yT{Ez ByTE{ zAEy zETA {CETS @@yEAB AEz ByEy
SEz @BEt C@EA B@@EA BvtSBEz

0U eegghei
ySTES Bz@Ez BCTES BCEzS @ByEyA @ByEyA AEz
{E@ SEz CAEA CAEA BBCEC BvtSAEB

S G#)(3#a`6Q8&!FG0'4)'0!$#&0!''G#)(3#D9IPQBBEy4%11%()E%0H&04&%)19 !G'()('%)$1G!%)50&10(2'#&!%)5"#("#'%0%)'G#)(3#&)91()5#E · |"#&'%)5"#(2%'a'&!FG0'4)'0%)$#&0!'("#&'%)5"#(2%'D9IPQSTE@4%11%()E %0H&0&''#%DG'&sD1'('#$1&00%2%$&'%()(2%)30'4)'"#("#'%0&)!'%# 4&0G#4)'&'2&%#3&1GE · 70&#0G1'(2'`6Q8&!FG0'4)'0v"#(2%'D2(#'&x0%)$#&0!D9IPQSTEB4%11%()E

 

· IG%'9"#0&#&'$&##9%)5&4(G)'%)$#&0!D9IPQBytETSv4&%)19&0&#0G1'(2 #$(5)%0%)5%)30's4)'"#("#'%0&'2&%#3&1GE · r(4"&#&D1G%'9"#0&#&'2&%#3&1G!$#&0!D9&""#(x%4&'19BAG#(v4&%)19 #0G1'%)52#(4 '2&%#3&1G4&0G#4)'(22%)&)$%&1%)0'#G4)'0&)!4(#!'&%1! !'#4%)&'%()(2'2&%#3&1G(2%)s30'4)'"#("#'%0E · `6Q8&!FG0'4)'0!$#&0!'#'G#)()G%'9D9TEBvH%1G%'%00'#)5')! $(4"&#!H%''#0G1'H)%)30'4)'"#("#'%0H#4&0G#!&'2&%#3&1GE · r&0&)!$&0G%3&1)'0!$#&0!D9IPQ{ET4%11%()v&0!"(0%'0(3#'# 4()'0&#)('$1&00%s2%!%)'(1%G%!&00'0E

539
'#&)0%'%()'(`6Q8&0)(22$'()'#(G"0054)'!%3%0%()EG0v'#"(#'%)5(2 uu|#(G"02%)&)$%&1)'%'9H%11$()'%)G'(D!%3%!!%)'('H(054)'0auu|¡()s 0GD0%!%0!&)!uu|8'&'s0GD0%!%0!ED&0%02(#'054)'!%3%0%()%0'"#(2%' !%0'#%DG'%()#0'#%$'%()!2%)!D9'7$'()8'&'s8GD0%!%0!¢(G0%)5£(&)07Q7u77$'E

1X6736WX9Y5Y7}7875933473315335747Y7475531759914517570U717537934X5
fcdeefghipqr¤f¥xwy

7 ¦957X1397j

enghei nqghei qpghei pegghei eegghei elmi ggme eomo egml oemh

%`)738C0'A4r)&')"5#("%)#3'&91G&'%()(2

ByE@

BES

tE{ yCEC S{Et

&`7)8!B1@%&rD%1%&'%)50%)!2##!'&x&00'0

sBE@ s@ES sAEy stET sB@ET

`78yzr&)5%)2%)&)$%&1%)0'#G4)'0 sSET sSEz sCEt syEt s@AEB

`78BzI4"1(9D)2%'0

sAEB sAEB sAEB sAEB sAEy

|'#&!FG0'4)'0

AEA

AEA

AEA

sAE@

sAE@

1V34755

qmn omh

nmq gemo gimo

57689331423716370U

gimo ekme gemn nimk pkmo

cdeefghipqr§xiy
 573WX5Y717195Y715393457X1397j `78CAr&)5%)3&1G&'%()(2%)30'4)'"#("#'9

e7f17ghei khpmg Bv@{CEz

ne737ghei kqnmg Bvy@tE{

¨©ª«¬

`78B@r&)5%)!2##!'&x&00'0&)!1%&D%1%'%0 `78yz r&)5%)2%)&)$%&1%)0'#G4)'0 `6Q8BBr&)5%)$()0(1%!&'%()4'(!0 `78BzI4"1(9D)2%'0 |'#&!FG0'4)'0 1V34755 573WX5Y70U

s@CzE@ s@TEz sTEB sBES sAE@ pphmp e}khhme

s@SSET sC{EA sTE@ sBE{ s@EA e}heqmg e}kopmk

96X47X43717537X51775373Y7VX934

Q'G#)()G%'9Q|Iv

 #(2%'®1(002(#'"#%(! ('&1G%'9v&3#&5!G#%)5'"#%(!

x BAA

Q'G#)()%)30'4)'Q|`v

 x#("2%')®01(000D2(#'&x0R`)'#0'0&)!('#2%)&)$%&1 ¯&3&1&#)&$50!G#%)'5'(''&1"s¡#(%()!s%)'#0'sD&#%)51%&D%1%'%0v

x BAA

IG%'9#&'%(v

 IG%'9 ¯&1&)$0''('&1s7!3&)$0#$%3!

x BAA

£(&)'(u&1Gv

 £(&)&4(G)' u&1G(25G&#&)'02(#1(&)0

x BAA

I&#)%)50"#0&#v

 I&#)%)50&''#%DG'&D1'(G%'9(1!#0 ¡G4D#(20&#0&'')!(2'2%)&)$%&1"#%(!

x BAA

8&#(1!#°0G%'9"#0&#v



IG%'9&''#%DG'&D1'(0&#(1!#0(2'"&#)'$(4"&)9 ¡G4D#(20&#0&'')!(2'2%)&)$%&1"#%(!

x BAA

±²³´µ

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Parent company's financial statements » Parent company's income statement, FAS

Parent company's income statement, FAS

EUR million Rental income Sales revenue from administration Turnover Other operating income Personnel costs Amortisations and depreciation Other operating costs Operating loss Financial income Financial expenses Financial income and expenses Profit before non-recurring items Non-recurring items Profit before appropriations and taxes Appropriations Profit before taxes Income tax Profit for the period

Note
1 2 3 4 5, 6
7 8 9 10

1­12/2015 0.6 11.3 11.8 0.3 -4.3 -0.7 -8.8 -1.6
135.5 -4.8
130.7 129.1 39.0 168.1
0.0 168.1
-8.5 159.6

1­12/2014 0.6 10.6 11.1 0.1 -3.5 -0.7 -8.5 -1.4 8.7 -4.6 4.1 2.7
25.0 27.7 0.0 27.7 -5.5 22.2

F-205

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Parent company's financial statements » Parent company's balance sheet, FAS

Parent company's balance sheet, FAS

EUR million ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets
Intangible rights Other long-term expenses Intangible assets, total Tangible assets Land areas Machinery and equipment Other tangible assets Tangible assets, total Investments Shares in subsidiaries Shares in associates Other securities and shares Investments, total Non-current assets, total Current assets Non-current receivables Current receivables Financial securities Cash and cash equivalents Current assets, total ASSETS

Note

31 Dec 2015

31 Dec 2014

11 0.3 0.6 1.0
12 5.2 0.4 0.2 5.8
13 82.6 0.2 0.9 83.6 90.4

0.5 0.9 1.4
5.2 0.6 0.2 6.0
84.7 0.2 0.9
85.8 93.1

14

340.5

161.5

15

99.9

69.3

16

0.0

2.9

3.0

0.9

443.4

234.6

533.8

327.7

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Equity
Share capital

17

58.0

58.0

F-206

Share premium Revaluation reserve Contingency fund Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Retained earnings Profit for the period Equity, total Accumulated appropriations Liabilities Non-current liabilities Current liabilities Total liabilities SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

35.8

0.0

0.0

17.9

11.3

159.6

282.6

18

0.0

35.8 2.1 0.0
17.9 11.3 22.2 147.3 0.0

19

108.1

108.0

20

143.1

72.4

251.2

180.4

533.8

327.7

F-207

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Parent company's financial statements » Parent company's cash flow statement, FAS

Parent company's cash flow statement, FAS

EUR million
Cash flow from operating activities Profit before non-recurring items Adjustments: Depreciation according to plan and impairment Financial income and expenses Other adjustments Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital Change in working capital: Change in sales receivables and other receivables Change in accounts payable and other liabilities Cash flow from operating activities before financial items, provisions and taxes

1­12/2015
129.1
0.7 -130.7
-0.3 -1.2
0.4 0.1 -0.8

1­12/2014
2.7
0.7 -4.1 0.0 -0.7
-0.7 -0.1 -1.6

Interest paid and payments on other operational financial costs Financial income from operating activities Direct taxes paid Cash flow from operating activities

-4.2 0.8 -6.9 -11.1

-2.8 0.8 -5.0 -8.5

Cash flow from investing activities Investments in tangible and intangible assets Capital gains from the disposal of tangible and intangible assets Capital gains on other investments Long-term loans granted Repayments on long-term loan receivables Subsidiary shares acquired *) Subsidiary shares divested *) Participating interests divested

-0.2 0.1 0.2 -179.1 0.1
-1.0 4.2 0.6

F-208

Capital gains from financial securities Interest and dividends received on investments Cash flow from investing activities
Cash flow from financing activities Repayments on long-term loans Withdrawals of short-term loans Repayments on short-term loans Dividends paid Group contributions received Cash flow from financing activities
Change in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

4.1 133.1 -41.6
-0.4 317.0 -264.6 -22.2 25.0 54.7
2.1
0.9 3.0

*) Purchased and sold shares less cash at the time of acquisition.

6.2 9.8
-0.4 196.1 -200.2 -16.3 16.7
-4.1
-2.9
3.8 0.9

F-209

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Parent company accounting policies

Parent company accounting policies
VVO Group plc's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Finnish Accounting Act and the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.

Income related to rental operations and compensation for administration costs
Income related to rental operations and compensation for administration costs are recognised on an accrual basis during the agreement period.

Valuation of fixed assets
Tangible and intangible assets are recognised in the balance sheet at original acqui-sition cost less depreciation according to plan and possible impairment. Depreciations according to plan are calculated as straight-line depreciation on the basis of the estimated useful life of the assets.

The depreciation periods according to plan, based on the useful life, are as follows:

IT hardware and software

4­5 years

Office machinery and equipment 4 years

Cars

4 years

Costs that arise later are included in the book value of a tangible asset only if it is likely that the future economic benefit related to the asset will benefit the Group. Other maintenance and repair expenses are recognised as incurred through profit and loss.
Capital gains from the sale of fixed assets are recorded under other operational in-come

F-210

and losses under other operational costs.
Development expenditure
Development costs are recognised as expenses in the income statement in the finan-cial year in which they are generated.
Valuation of financial assets
Financial securities have been recognised at the lower of purchase price or market price on the balance sheet date. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are presented in the notes to the financial statements.
Statutory provisions
Future costs and apparent losses with a reasonably estimable monetary value which will no longer generate future income and which the Group is obligated or committed to perform are recognised as expenses in the income statement and as statutory pro-visions in the balance sheet.
Accumulated appropriations
Appropriations consist of accumulated depreciation differences.
Accrual of pension costs
The pension cover of Group companies is handled by external pension insurance companies in all respects. Pension costs are recognised as costs in the income statement on an accrual basis.
Accounting principles for the cash flow statement
The cash flow statement has been compiled on the basis of the information in the in-come statement and balance sheet and their supplementary information.
F-211

Cash and cash equivalents include bank accounts, liquid deposit notes and certificates of deposit.
Items denominated in foreign currencies
All of the receivables and liabilities are euro-denominated.
Derivative instruments
Derivative instruments that hedge against the interest rate risks of long-term loans have not been entered into the balance sheet. They are reported in the notes to the financial statements. The interest income and expenses based on derivative instruments are allocated over the agreement period and are used to adjust the interest rates of the hedged asset.
F-212

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements
Notes to the parent company financial statements
F-213

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 1. Turnover

1. Turnover
EUR million Plot rental income Other rents Rental income, total
Central administration services IT rental income Other sales revenue from administration Other sales revenue, total
Turnover, total

1­12/2015 0.6 0.0 0.6
7.2 3.8 0.3 11.3
11.8

1­12/2014 0.6 0.0 0.6
6.4 3.8 0.3 10.6
11.1

F-214

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 2. Other operating income

2. Other operating income

EUR million Capital gains on fixed assets Income from debt collection Other operating income Total

1­12/2015 0.3 0.0 0.0 0.3

1­12/2014 0.0 0.0 0.1 0.1

F-215

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 3. Personnel costs

3. Personnel costs
EUR million Wages, salaries and fees Pension costs Other employer contributions Total

1­12/2015 3.4 0.8 0.1 4.3

1­12/2014 2.8 0.6 0.1 3.5

VVO Group plc's CEO and Management Group are paid in accordance with a total remuneration policy, and their retirement age is 63 years. Pension liability is covered with a pension insurance, in which an insurance premium corresponding to two months' taxable income is paid annually into a group pension insurance plan. The period of notice for terminating the CEO's employment relation-ship is twelve months.

Management salaries and fees, benefit-based EUR million CEO Deputy CEOs Board Members Committee Members Total
Average number of personnel

1­12/2015 0.7 0.5 0.1 0.0 1.3
2015 30

1­12/2014 0.5 0.3 0.1 0.0 0.9
2014 28

F-216

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 4. Depreciation according to plan

4. Depreciation according to plan

EUR million Intangible assets Other long-term expenses Machinery and equipment Total

1­12/2015 0.2 0.3 0.2 0.7

1­12/2014 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.7

F-217

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 5. Other operating costs

5. Other operating costs

EUR million Property tax Other property-related administrative costs Rents and maintenance charges Central administration Total

1­12/2015 0.2 0.0 0.4 8.2 8.8

1­12/2014 0.1 0.0 0.4 7.9 8.5

F-218

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 6. Auditor's fee

6. Auditor's fee
1,000, KPMG Oy Ab, authorised public accounting firm Audit fees Tax advice Advisory services Total

1­12/2015
48.4 94.2 20.4 162.9

1­12/2014
21.2 18.5 105.7 145.4

F-219

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 7. Financial income and expenses

7. Financial income and expenses

EUR million Dividend income
From Group companies From associated companies From others Total

1­12/2015
125.0 0.0 0.1
125.1

1­12/2014
0.0 0.5 0.1 0.6

EUR million Interest income
From Group companies From others Other financial income Total

1­12/2015
8.8 0.0 1.2 9.9

1­12/2014
7.7 0.1 0.0 7.8

Dividend, interest and financial income total

135.1

8.3

EUR million Value adjustments in investments
In non-current investments Value adjustments in financial securities Total

1­12/2015
0.0 0.4 0.4

1­12/2014
0.0 0.0 0.0

EUR million Interest and other financial expenses
To Group companies To others Total

1­12/2015
0.0 -4.8 -4.8

1­12/2014
0.0 -4.1 -4.2

Total financial income and expenses

130.7

4.1

F-220

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 8. Extraordinary items

8. Extraordinary items
EUR million Group contributions, received

1­12/2015 39.0

1­12/2014 25.0

F-221

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 9. Appropriations

9. Appropriations
EUR million Depreciation difference for machinery and equipment

1­12/2015 0.0

1­12/2014 0.0

F-222

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 10. Income tax

10. Income tax
EUR million Income tax on operational income Income tax from previous financial years Total

1­12/2015 8.5 0.0 8.5

1­12/2014 5.5 0.0 5.5

F-223

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 11. Intangible assets

11. Intangible assets

EUR million Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2015 Increases Acquisition cost as at 31 Dec 2015
Accumulated depreciation as at 1 Jan 2015 Depreciation for the financial year Accumulated depreciation as at 31 Dec 2015
Book value as at 31 Dec 2015

Rights 2.5 0.0 2.5
-2.0 -0.2 -2.2
0.3

EUR million Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2014 Increases Decreases Transfers between items Acquisition cost as at 31 Dec 2014
Accumulated depreciation as at 1 Jan 2014 Depreciation for the financial year Decreases Accumulated depreciation as at 31 Dec 2014
Book value as at 31 Dec 2014

Rights 3.2 0.1 -0.8 0.1 2.5
-2.7 -0.2 0.8 -2.0
0.5

Other long-term expenses
2.8 0.0 2.8
-1.9 -0.3 -2.2
0.6
Other long-term expenses
6.2 0.0 -3.7 0.3 2.8
-5.4 -0.3 3.7 -1.9
0.9

Total 5.3 0.0 5.3
-3.9 -0.4 -4.4
1.0
Total 9.4 0.1 -4.6 0.4 5.3
-8.1 -0.4 4.6 -3.9
1.4

F-224

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 12. Tangible assets

12. Tangible assets

EUR million Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2015 Increases Decreases Acquisition cost as at 31 Dec 2015

Machinery

Other

Land areas and equipment tangible assets

5.2

1.7

0.2

0.1

0.0

-0.1

0.0

5.2

1.7

0.2

Total 7.1 0.1 -0.1 7.1

Accumulated depreciation as at 1 Jan 2015

-1.1

Depreciation for the financial year

-0.2

Decreases

0.1

Accumulated depreciation as at 31 Dec 2015

-1.3

Book value as at 31 Dec 2015

5.2

0.4

0.2

EUR million Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2014 Increases Decreases Acquisition cost as at 31 Dec 2014

Machinery

Other

Land areas and equipment tangible assets

5.2

3.0

0.2

0.1

-1.5

5.2

1.7

0.2

-1.1 -0.2 0.1 -1.3
5.8
Total 8.4 0.1 -1.5 7.1

Accumulated depreciation as at 1 Jan 2014 Depreciation for the financial year Decreases Accumulated depreciation as at 31 Dec 2014
Book value as at 31 Dec 2014

-2.3 -0.3
1.5 -1.1

5.2

0.6

-2.3 -0.3
1.5 -1.1

0.2

6.0

F-225

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 13. Investments

13. Investments

EUR million Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2015 Decreases Book value as at 31 Dec 2015

Shares in subsidiaries
82.6
82.6

Shares in associates
0.2
0.2

Other securities and shares
0.9
0.0
0.9

Total 83.6 0.0 83.6

Appreciations as at 1 Jan Decreases Appreciations as at 31 Dec
Book value as at 31 Dec 2015
EUR million
Acquisition cost as at 1 Jan 2014 Increases Decreases Book value as at 31 Dec 2014

2.1 -2.1 0.0
82.6
Shares in subsidiaries
75.9 6.7 0.0
82.6

0.2

0.9

Shares in associates

Other securities and shares

0.8

0.9

-0.6

1.4

0.9

2.1 -2.1 0.0
83.6
Total
77.5 6.7 -0.6
84.8

Appreciations as at 1 Jan/31 Dec 2014 Book value as at 31 Dec 2014

2.1 84.7

2.1

0.2

0.9

85.8

F-226

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 14. Non-current receivables

14. Non-current receivables

EUR million Loan receivables from Group companies Loan receivables from others Other receivables Accrued income Total

31 Dec 2015 340.1 0.1 0.0 0.3 340.5

31 Dec 2014 160.9 0.2 0.0 0.4 161.5

F-227

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 15. Current receivables

15. Current receivables
EUR million Accounts receivable From Group companies
Accounts receivable Other receivables Accrued income From Group companies, total Loan receivables Other receivables Accrued income Total

31 Dec 2015 0.0
1.6 96.2
1.9 99.7
0.1 0.0 0.1 99.9

31 Dec 2014 0.0
2.0 64.9
1.9 68.9
0.1 0.0 0.3 69.3

F-228

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 16. Financial securities

16. Financial securities
EUR million Securities and shares Replacement value (without interest) Book value Difference

31 Dec 2015
0.0 0.0 0.0

31 Dec 2014
3.6 2.9 0.7

F-229

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 17. Equity

17. Equity
EUR million Share capital as at 1 Jan Share capital as at 31 Dec Share premium as at 1 Jan Share premium as at 31 Dec Revaluation reserve as at 1 Jan Decreases Revaluation reserve as at 31 Dec Contingency fund as at 1 Jan Contingency fund as at 31 Dec Reserve for invested unrestricted equity as at 1 Jan Reserve for invested unrestricted equity as at 31 Dec Retained earnings as at 1 Jan Dividend distribution Retained earnings as at 31 Dec Profit for the period Total

31 Dec 2015 58.0 58.0 35.8 35.8 2.1 -2.1 0.0 0.0 0.0
17.9
17.9 33.5 -22.2 11.3 159.6 282.6

31 Dec 2014 58.0 58.0 35.8 35.8 2.1
2.1 0.0 0.0
17.9
17.9 27.6 -16.3 11.3 22.2 147.3

Calculation on distributable equity EUR million Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Retained earnings Profit for the period Total
The parent company's share capital by share class million shares Series A (20 votes per share)

31 Dec 2015 17.9 11.3
159.6 188.7
31 Dec 2015 7.4

31 Dec 2014 17.9 11.3 22.2 51.3
31 Dec 2014 7.4

F-230

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 18. Accumulated appropriations

18. Accumulated appropriations

EUR million Accumulated depreciation difference
Machinery and equipment Total

31 Dec 2015
0.0 0.0

31 Dec 2014
0.0 0.0

F-231

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 19. Non-current liabilities

19. Non-current liabilities

EUR million Loans from financial institutions Bonds Accrued expenses, wages and salaries Total

31 Dec 2015 7.0
100.0 1.1
108.1

31 Dec 2014 7.4
100.0 0.6
108.0

F-232

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 20. Current liabilities

20. Current liabilities
EUR million Loans from financial institutions, instalments in the next financial year Trade payables Liabilities to Group companies
Trade payables Other debts Other debts Accrued expenses Financial liabilities Payroll including social security contributions Tax liabilities Total

31 Dec 2015
0.4 0.4
0.0 26.4 110.0
2.0 0.8 3.0 143.1

31 Dec 2014
0.4 0.5
0.0 0.0 66.9
1.9 1.1 1.4 72.4

F-233

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 21. Derivative instruments

21. Derivative instruments

EUR million Interest rate swaps
Nominal value Fair value

31 Dec 2015
56.8 -0.5

31 Dec 2014
7.2 -0.6

F-234

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 22. Collateral and contingent liabilities

22. Collateral and contingent liabilities

EUR million Loans that mature in more than five years
Market-based loans

31 Dec 2015 1.4

Loans for which mortgage on and shares in property have been given as a guarantee
Loans from financial institutions
Mortgages given
Guarantees given
Counter-guarantee
Counter-guarantees for received external guarantees

2.4 4.9
210.4 8.6

31 Dec 2014 102.3
2.6 4.9 236.1 8.6

F-235

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Notes to the parent company financial statements » 23. Other liabilities
23. Other liabilities

Car leasing liabilities
EUR million Car leasing liabilities
Payable during the next financial year Payable later

31 Dec 2015
0.1 0.8

31 Dec 2014
0.1 0.2

Electricity hedging
Electricity procurement was hedged with electricity derivatives quoted on the Nordic electricity ex-change Nord Pool in accordance with the risk policy approved by VVO Group. The market value of the hedges for 2016­2017 was EUR 1,209,081.75 (EUR 942,862.78) at the closing date. Unrealised changes in fair value has not been taken into account in the income statement or balance sheet of VVO Group plc.

F-236

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Signatures to the annual report and financial statements
Signatures to the annual report and financial statements
Helsinki, 2 March 2016

Riku Aalto Chairman of the Board of Directors

Tomi Aimonen Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors

Matti Harjuniemi

Olli Luukkainen

Jorma Malinen

Reima Rytsölä

Jan-Erik Saarinen

Ann Selin

Jani Nieminen CEO

F-237

A report on the audit has been issued today. Helsinki, 7 March 2016 Authorised public accountants KPMG Oy Ab Kai Salli, APA.
F-238

Main » Financial Statements » Financial Statements » Auditor's report
Auditor's report
To the Annual General Meeting of VVO-yhtymä Oyj
We have audited the accounting records, the financial statements, the report of the Board of Directors, and the administration of VVO-yhtymä Oyj for the year ended December 31, 2015. The financial statements comprise the consolidated statement of financial position, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, as well as the parent company's balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement and notes to the financial statements.
Responsibility of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, as well as for the preparation of financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors in Finland. The Board of Directors is responsible for the appropriate arrangement of the control of the company's accounts and finances, and the Managing Director shall see to it that the accounts of the company are in compliance with the law and that its financial affairs have been arranged in a reliable manner.
Auditor's Responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements, on the consolidated financial statements and on the report of the Board of Directors based on our audit. The Auditing Act requires that we comply with the requirements of professional ethics. We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Good auditing practice requires that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors are free from
F-239

material misstatement, and whether the members of the Board of Directors of the parent company or the Managing Director are guilty of an act or negligence which may result in liability in damages towards the company or have violated the Limited Liability Companies Act or the articles of association of the company.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation of financial statements and report of the Board of Directors that give a true and fair view in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion on the consolidated financial statements In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, and cash flows of the group in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU.
Opinion on the company's financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors In our opinion, the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors give a true and fair view of both the consolidated and the parent company's financial performance and financial position in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors in Finland. The information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial statements.
Other opinions We support that the financial statements should be adopted. The proposal by the Board of
F-240

Directors regarding the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and the distribution of other unrestricted equity is in compliance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. We support that the Members of the Board of Directors of the parent company and the Managing Director should be discharged from liability for the financial period audited by us. Helsinki, 7 March 2016 KPMG OY AB KAI SALLI Authorized Public Accountant
F-241

THE ISSUER

Kojamo plc Mannerheimintie 168a
00300 Helsinki Finland

THE TRUSTEE

Deutsche Trustee Company Limited Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street London EC2N 2DB United Kingdom

PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT

Danske Bank A/S 2 ­ 12 Holmens Kanal DK ­ 1092 Copenhagen K
Denmark

Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street London EC2N 2DB United Kingdom

JOINT BOOKRUNNERS

Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2DB United Kingdom

Nordea Bank AB (publ) Smålandsgatan 17
SE-105 71 Stockholm Sweden

OP Corporate Bank plc
Gebhardinaukio 1 P.O. Box 308, 00013
OP, Helsinki Finland

Svenska Handelsbanken AB
(publ) Blasieholmstorg 11 SE-106 70 Stockholm
Sweden

LISTING AGENT

To the Issuer as to English law
Latham & Watkins LLP 99 Bishopsgate
London EC2M 3XF United Kingdom

Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited Ten EarlsfortTerrace Dublin 2 Ireland
LEGAL ADVISERS

To the Issuer as to Finnish law
Roschier Keskuskatu 7 A 00100 Helsinki
Finland

To the Joint Bookrunners and the Trustee as to English law

Allen & Overy LLP One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD United Kingdom
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
KPMG Oy Ab Töölönlahdenkatu 3
00100 Helsinki Finland

