MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
26 January 2018

SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS
Issue of EUR 1,000,000,000 Series 2018-1 0.50 per cent. Covered Bonds due January 2025
under the 25,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Covered Note Programme
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Ordinary Note Conditions set out in the prospectus dated 6 June 2017 and the supplements to the prospectus dated 2 November 2017 and 19 January 2018 and which together constitute a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 2003/71/EC) (as amended by Directive 2010/73/EU (the 2010 PD Amending Directive), the Prospectus Directive). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so supplemented. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

1.

Series Number:

2018-1

2.

(i) Tranche Number:

1

(ii) Series with which Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single

1

Series:

(iii) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series with the Series specified above:

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

Euro (EUR)

4.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(i) Series:

EUR 1,000,000,000

(ii) Tranche:

EUR 1,000,000,000

5.

Issue Price:

99.425 per cent, o f the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6.

(a) Specified Denominations:

100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 199,000. No notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 199,000

(b) Calculation Amount:

EUR 1,000

7.

(i) Issue Date:

30 January 2018

(ii) Interest Commencement Date:

Issue Date

8.

Maturity Date:

30 January 2025

9.

Extended Final Maturity Date:

30 January 2026

10. Interest Basis:

(i) period to (but excluding) the Maturity 0.50 per cent, per annum Fixed Rate Date:
(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 below)

(ii) period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date

Three (3) month EURIBOR minus 0.06 per cent, per annum Floating Rate
(further particulars specified in paragraph 16 below)

11. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Redemption at par

12. Change of Interest Basis:

Applicable (see paragraph 10 above)

13. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

14. Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 30 May 2017 obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

2

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions (i) Rate(s) of Interest: (ii) Interest Payment Date(s):
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): (iv) Broken Amount(s): (v) Day Count Fraction: (vi) Determination Date(s): 16. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable
0.50 per cent, per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date
30 January in each year from (and including) 30 January 2019 up to and including the Maturity Date, in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention
EUR 5 per Calculation Amount (in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention)
Not Applicable
Actual/Actual (ICMA)
30 January in each year
Applicable

(i) Specified Period(s) / Specified 30 April 2025, 30 July 2025, 30 October 2025, 30

Interest Payment Dates:

January 2026 up to and including the earlier o f (i) the

date on which the Notes are redeemed in full and (ii)

the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to

adjustment in accordance with the Business Day

Convention set out in sub-paragraph (ii) below

(ii) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(iii) Business Centre(s):

TARGET 2

(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Screen Rate Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(v) Party responsible for calculating Principal Paying Agent the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount:

(vi) Screen Rate Determination:

-

Reference Rate and Applicable

relevant financial centre:

Reference Rate: Three (3) month EURIBOR

Relevant financial centre: Brussels

Relevant time: 11.00 a.m. Brussels time

Interest Date(s):

Determination Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period.

3

Relevant Screen Page:
(vii) ISDA Determination: (viii) Margin(s): (ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: (x) Maximum Rate of Interest: (xi) Day Count Fraction:

Reuters Screen Page EURIBOROl (or any other successor page available). Not Applicable Minus 0.06 per cent, per annum Not Applicable Not Applicable Actual/360

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

17. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

18. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

19. Final Redemption Amount of each Note: EUR1,000 per Calculation Amount

20. Early Redemption Amount of each Note EUR1,000 per Calculation Amount payable on redemption:

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

21. Form of Notes:

Bearer Notes:

(i) Form:

Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable after the Exchange Date for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event

(ii) New Global Note:

Yes

22. Additional Financial Centre(s)

Not Applicable

23. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to No Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature):

24. Redenomination applicable:

Not Applicable

Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

By:

--

authorised

4

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i) Listing:

Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

(ii) Admission to trading:

Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from the Issue Date.

(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to EUR 3,300 admission to trading:

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued have been rated:

Moody's: Aaa

3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved m the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Managers and their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or commercial transactions with and may perform other services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course o f business.

4.

YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)

Indication of yield:

0.584 per cent, per annum

The yield is calculated as at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. This is not an indication of future yield.

5.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISIN Code:

X S 1760129608

(ii) Common Code:

176012960

(iii) CUSIP Code:

Not Applicable

(iv) CINS Code:

Not Applicable

(v) Any clearing system(s) other than German Security Code (WKN): A19VKN

Euroclear

andClearstream,

Luxembourg or DTC and the relevant

identification number(s):

(vi) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

5

(vii) Names and addresses of additional Not Applicable Paying Agent(s) (if any):
DISTRIBUTION

Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

U.S. Selling Restrictions: REASONS FOR THE OFFER Reasons for the offer:

Reg S Compliance Category 2, TEFRA D
As fully described in the SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt Green Bond Framework (the Framework) published in January 2018, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Notes will be used to fund existing mortgages in the cover pool and/or to acquire mortgages from the originators, in each case which are secured over energy efficient residential buildings in Norway. The Framework, together with a second party opinion relating to the Framework, can be found on the Issuer's website at https://spabol.sparebankl.no/green-bonds.

6

