EXECUTION VERSION

Final Terms

MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS -The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

24 April 2018

Sbanken Boligkreditt AS
Issue of 500,000,000 0.375 per cent. Covered Notes due 26 April 2023 under the 5,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme
PART A -- CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 6 April 2018 which constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive. When used in these Final Terms, Prospectus Directive means Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended) and includes any relevant implementing measure in a relevant Member State of the EEA. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www. centralbank. ie and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer.

1.

Issuer:

Sbanken Boligkreditt AS

2.

(a) Series Number:

1

(b)

Tranche Number:

1

(c)

Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable

consolidated and form a single Series:

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

euro ()

4.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a)

Series:

(b)

Tranche:

5.

Issue Price:

500,000,000
500,000,000
99.709 per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6.

(a) Specified Denominations:

100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 199,000. No Definitive Notes will be issued with a

1

denomination above 199,000.

(b)

Calculation Amount

1,000

(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.)

7.

(a)

Issue Date:

26 April 2018

(b)

Interest Commencement Date:

Issue Date

8.

Maturity Date:

26 April 2023

9.

Extended Final Maturity Date:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to April 2024

10. Interest Basis:

0.375 per cent. Fixed Rate for the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date

Thereafter, 1-month EURIBOR plus 0.030 per cent. Floating Rate

(see paragraphs 15 and 16 below)

11. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.

12.

Change of Interest Basis:

From Fixed Rate to Floating Rate with effect from the Maturity Date

13. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

14. Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 8 May 2017 obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Applicable until the Maturity Date

(a)

Rate(s) of Interest:

0.375 per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date

(b)

Interest Payment Date(s):

26 April in each year from (and including) 26 April 2019, up to (and including) the Maturity Date

(c)

Fixed Coupon Amount(s):

3.75 per Calculation Amount

(d)

Broken Amount(s):

Not Applicable

(e)

Day Count Fraction:

Actual/Actual (ICMA)

(f)

Determination Date(s):

26 April in each year

16. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes in full on the Maturity Date

(a)

Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 26th day of each month from (but excluding) the

Payment Dates:

Maturity Date to (and including) 26 April 2024,

subject in each case to adjustment in accordance

with the Business Day Convention

(b)

Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(c)

Additional Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable

(d)

Manner in which the Rate of Interest and Screen Rate Determination

Interest Amount is to be determined:

2

(e) Party responsible for calculating the Rate Not Applicable of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f)

Screen Rate Determination:

·

Reference Rate:

1-month EURIBOR

·

Interest Determination Date(s): The second day on which the TARGET2 system

is open prior to the start of each relevant Interest

Period

·

Relevant Screen Page:

Reuters Page EURIBOROl

(g) ISDA Determination:

Not Applicable

(h) Linear Interpolation:

Not Applicable

(i)

Margin(s):

+ 0.030 per cent, per annum

(j) Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(k) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(l)

Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

17. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

18. Notice periods for Condition 5.2:

Minimum period: 30 days

Maximum period: 60 days

19. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

20. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

21. Final Redemption Amount:

1,000 per Calculation Amount

22. Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 1,000 per Calculation Amount for taxation reasons:

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

23. Form of Notes:

(a) Form:

Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event

(b) New Global Note:

Yes

24. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Not Applicable

25. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to No Definitive Notes:

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION

Rpligkreditt AS:
MGTNdRD&JLB*

3

PART B -- OTHER INFORMATION

1.

LISTING

(i)

Listing and Admission to trading:

Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange's Main Securities Market and listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange with effect from the Issue Date.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 600 admission to trading:

2.

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:

Aaa by Moody's Investors Service Limited (M ood y's).

Moody's is established in the European Union

and is registered under Regulation (EC) No.

1060/2009 (as amended) and is on the list of

registered credit rating agencies published on the

ESMA

website

(http://www.esma. europa. eu/page/List-registered-

and-certified-CRAs).

3.

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to Landesbank Baden-Wurttemberg, Natixis, Nordea Bank AB (publ) and UniCredit Bank AG (the Joint Lead Managers), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

4.

YIELD

Indication of yield:

0.434 per cent. per annum

5.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i)

ISIN:

XS1813051858

(ii)

Common Code:

181305185

(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than Not Applicable Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant identification number(s):

(iv) Names and addresses of additional Not Applicable Paying Agent(s) (if any):

(v)

Intended to be held in a manner Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means

which would allow Eurosystem that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited

eligibility:

with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and

does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be

recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem

monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the

Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times

during their life. Such recognition will depend upon

the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility

criteria have been met.

4

6.

DISTRIBUTION

(i)

Method of distribution:

Syndicated

(ii)

If syndicated, names of Managers: Landesbank Baden-Wurttemberg

Natixis

Nordea Bank AB (publ)

UniCredit Bank AG

(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: (iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):

24 April 2018 Not Applicable

(v)

If non-syndicated, name of relevant Not Applicable

Dealer:

(vi) Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C TEFRA D rules applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable:

(vii) Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Applicable Investors:

5

