USD 750,000,000 Perpetual Non-cumulative Resettable Additional Tier 1 Convertible Capital Notes

Issue price: 100.00 p er cent.

The USD 750,000,000 Perpetual Non-cumulative Resettable Additional Tier 1 Convertible Capital Notes (in Danish: "kapitalbeviser") (the "Notes") will be issued by Danske Bank A/S (the "Issuer"). Subject to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) in "Terms and Conditions o fthe Notes", the Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations o fthe Issuer, as described in Condition 4 (Status o f the Notes) in "Terms and Conditions o fthe Notes".
The Notes will bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amounts (as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes"), payable semi-annually in arrear on 26 June and 26 December in each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"), from (and including) 26 June 2018 (the "Issue Date") to (but excluding) 26 June 2025 (the "First Call Date") at the rate o f 7.000 per cent. per annum. The first payment o f interest will be made on 26 December 2018 in respect o f the periodfrom (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 26 December 2018. The rate o f interest will reset on the First Call Date and on each Reset Date (as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes") thereafter. See Condition 5 (Interest) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes ".
The Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to cancel any payment o f interest in respect o f the Notes at any time, in whole or in part. In addition, a payment o f interest in respect o f the Notes will be mandatorily cancelled in certain circumstances described in Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes". Following any such cancellation o f interest in respect o f an Interest Period (as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes"), the right o f the holders o f the Notes (the "Holders") to receive accrued interest in respect o f such Interest Period will terminate and the Issuer will have no further obligation to pay such interest to the Holders. See Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes".
The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption and Holders do not have the right to callfor their redemption. Subject as provided herein, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, o f the Notes on the First Call Date or on any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled. Subject as provided herein, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, o fthe Notes at any time during the relevant redemption period (as specified in Condition 8.2 (Early redemption upon the occurrence o fa Special Event) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes") at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled upon the occurrence o fa Tax Event or Capital Event (each as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions o fthe Notes"). Any such redemption is subject to certain conditions. See Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes".
I f at any time the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio o f the Issuer and/or the Group (as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes") has fallen below 7.000 per cent., the Notes will, subject to and as provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes", be converted into Conversion Shares (as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes"). See Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes".
This Offering Memorandum does not comprise a prospectusfor the purposes o fArticle 5.3 o fDirective 2003/71/EC (as amended).
Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ( "EuroneX Dublin") for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market o f Euronext Dublin. This Offering Memorandum constitutes listing particulars for the purpose o f such application and has been approved by Euronext Dublin.
The Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to retail clients, as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID IF"). Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Restrictions on marketing and sales to retail investors" on page 3 o f this Offering Memorandum fo r further information.
The Notes and the Conversion Shares to be delivered following the occurrence o f a Trigger Even have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933 (the "Securities A ct") and, in the case o f the Notes, are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the Conversion Shares may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to non U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S ( "Regulation S ") under the Securities Act. For a description o fcertain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries o f the Notes and on the distribution o fthis Offering Memorandum and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale ".
The Notes are expected to be rated BBB- by Standard & Poor's Credit Markets Services Europe Limited ( "S&P") and BB+ by Fitch Ratings Ltd. ( "Fitch "). Each o fS&P and Fitch is established in the European Union ( "EU ") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation ") and is included in the list o f credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation as o f the date o f this Offering Memorandum. This list is available on the European Securities and Markets Authority ( "ESMA ") website at www. esma. europa. eu/pase/List-resistered-and-certified-CRAs (list last updated on 1 May 2018). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
The Notes will initially be in the form o f a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note "), without interest coupons ( "Coupons "), which will be deposited on or around the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ( "Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking SA ( "Clearstream, Luxembourg "). Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note " and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes"), without Coupons, on or after 6 August 2018 (the "Exchange Date"), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in definitive form ( "Definitive Notes") only in certain limited circumstances in accordance with the terms o f the Permanent Global Note. Definitive Notes will have attached Coupons and, i f necessary, talons ( "Talons") for further Coupons - see "Overview o fProvisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form".
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that th e understand the nature o f the Notes and the extent o f their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability o f the Notes as an investment in the light o f their own circumstances andfinancial condition For a discussion o f these risks see "Risk Factors" below.

Joint-Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners

BNP PARIBAS

CREDIT SUISSE

DANSKE BANK

GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL

HSBC J.P. MORGAN

The date of this Offering Memorandum is 22 June 2018

This Offering Memorandum should be read and construed together with any documents incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").
The Issuer has confirmed to BNP Paribas, HSBC Bank plc, Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, Danske Bank A/S (in its capacity as a joint-lead manager), Goldman Sachs International and J.P. Morgan Securities plc (the "Joint-Lead Managers") that this Offering Memorandum is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held, are based on reasonable assumptions and are not misleading; that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Memorandum the omission of which would, in the context of the issue of the Notes, make any statement herein or opinions or intentions expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or any Joint-Lead Manager to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Memorandum (including any documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Memorandum), any other document entered into in relation to the issue of the Notes, any other information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Joint-Lead Managers.
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Joint-Lead Managers or any of their respective affiliates, and neither the Joint-Lead Managers (other than Danske Bank A/S) nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Offering Memorandum. Neither the delivery of this Offering Memorandum nor the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Offering Memorandum is true subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
This Offering Memorandum may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
The distribution of this Offering Memorandum and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering Memorandum comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint-Lead Managers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions (see "Subscription and Sale").
This Offering Memorandum does not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Joint-Lead Managers or any of them that any recipient of this Offering Memorandum should subscribe for or purchase the Notes. Each recipient of this Offering Memorandum shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer.
All references in this Offering Memorandum to "Danish Kroner", "kroner", "DKr" or "DKK" are to the currency of Denmark, to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, of those members of the EU which are participating in the European economic and monetary union, all references to "USD" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the currency of the United States of America, all references to "SEK" are to the currency of Sweden and all references to "GBP" are to the currency of the United Kingdom.

IMPORTANT NOTICE

RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS

The Notes described in this Offering Memorandum are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail investors.

In particular, in June 2015, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") published the Product Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015 which took effect on 1 October 2015 (the "PI Instrum ent").

In addition, (i) on 1 January 2018, the provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged and retail and insurance-based investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") became directly applicable in all European Economic Area ("EEA") member states and (ii) MiFID II was required to be implemented in EEA member states by 3 January 2018. Together, the PI Instrument, the PRIIPs Regulation and MiFID II are referred to as the "Regulations".

The Regulations set out various obligations in relation to (i) the manufacturing and distribution of financial instruments and (ii) the offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and insurance-based investment products and certain contingent write down or convertible securities, such as the Notes.

Potential investors should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), including the Regulations.

The Issuer and each Joint-Lead Manager is required to comply with some or all of the Regulations. In addition, by purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or a beneficial interest in such Notes) from the Issuer and/or the Joint-Lead Managers, each prospective investor in relation to the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Joint-Lead Managers that:

(i)

it is not a retail client as defined in MiFID II;

(ii)

whether or not it is subject to the Regulations, it will not:

(A) sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) to retail clients (as defined in MiFID II); or

(B) communicate (including the distribution of this Offering Memorandum) or approve an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail client (as defined in MiFID II). In selling or offering Notes or making or approving communications relating to the Notes, it may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in the PI Instrument; and

(iii)

it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance

(whether inside or outside the EEA) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale

of the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), including (without limitation) MiFID II and

any such other applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the

appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interests

therein) by investors in any relevant jurisdiction.

3

Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) from the Issuer and/or the Joint-Lead Managers, the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding upon both the agent and its underlying client.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended, the "Insurance Mediation Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusions that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Memorandum. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Offering Memorandum is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. References herein to this "Offering Memorandum" are to this document, including the documents incorporated by reference.
STABILISATION
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES, BNP PARIBAS AS STABILISATION MANAGER (THE "STABILISATION MANAGER") (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISATION MANAGER) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER (OR ANY PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE STABILISATION MANAGER) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.
4

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
Overview of the Notes..................................................................................................................................................6 Risk Factors................................................................................................................................................................ 12 Documents Incorporated by Reference...................................................................................................................... 35 Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form........................................................................ 37 Terms and Conditions of the Notes........................................................................................................................... 40 Use of Proceeds..........................................................................................................................................................72 Description of the Danske Bank Group..................................................................................................................... 73 Market Information.....................................................................................................................................................98 Description of the Ordinary Shares........................................................................................................................... 99 Subscription and Sale............................................................................................................................................... 102 Taxation.................................................................................................................................................................... 105 General Information................................................................................................................................................. 107
5

OVERVIEW OF THE NOTES
The following description o f key features o f the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder o f this Offering Memorandum. Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes"below or elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum shall have the same meanings in this description o f key features o f the Notes. References to a numbered "Condition" shall be to the relevant Condition in the Terms and Conditions o f the Notes.

Issuer:

Danske Bank A/S.

Risk Factors:

There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with the Notes. These are set out under "Risk Factors".

Notes:

USD 750,000,000 Perpetual Non-cumulative Resettable Additional Tier 1 Convertible Capital Notes.

Joint-Lead Managers: Fiscal Agent:

BNP Paribas, HSBC Bank plc, Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, Danske Bank A/S, Goldman Sachs International and J.P. Morgan Securities plc.
Citibank, N.A., London Branch.

Issue Date: First Call Date:

26 June 2018. 26 June 2025.

Maturity:

The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption. The Issuer may only redeem the Notes at its discretion in the circumstances described herein.

Issue Price:

100.00 per cent.

Status of the Notes:

The Notes (in Danish: "kapitalbeviser") will be eligible to constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer under CRD IV requirements.

Subject to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), the Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank:

(i) pari passu without any preference among themselves;

(ii) pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;

(iii) senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive

6

repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (b) other subordinated creditors of the Issuer (other than present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Notes).

Interest and Interest Payment The Notes will bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amounts, payable

Dates:

semi-annually in arrear on 26 June and 26 December in each year, at the

relevant Rate of Interest. The first payment of interest will be made on 26

December 2018 in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to

(but excluding) 26 December 2018.

The Rate of Interest will reset on the First Call Date and on each Reset Date thereafter. See Condition 5 (Interest).

Interest Cancellation:

Any payment of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any additional interest amounts payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Taxation)) in respect of the Notes shall be payable only out of the Issuer's Distributable Items and (i) may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer in its sole discretion; or (ii) will be mandatorily cancelled, in whole or in part, to the extent: (A) that, if the relevant payment were so made, the amount of such payment, when aggregated together with other distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 (2) of the CRD IV Directive (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing Article 141 (2) of the CRD IV Directive), or any successor thereto, would cause any Maximum Distributable Amount to be exceeded; or (B) otherwise so required by CRD IV, including the applicable criteria for Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments. See Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation).

Optional Redemption by the Issuer on the First Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter:

Subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes on the First Call Date or on any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled.

Optional Redemption by the Issuer upon the Occurrence of a Special Event:

Subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital Event (each, a "Special Event"), the Issuer may, at its option, at any time redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled.

Substitution and variation:

Subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), if a Special Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Capital Notes. See Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation).

Loss absorption following a If at any time the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the

Trigger Event:

Group has fallen below 7.000 per cent., as determined at any time by the

Issuer, the Relevant Regulator or any agent appointed for such purpose by the

Relevant Regulator, as the case may be, and such determination shall be

binding on the Holders (any such event, a "Trigger Event"):

7

Conversion Price:

(i) each Note shall, subject to and as provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), be irrevocably discharged and satisfied by its conversion into Conversion Shares, credited as fully paid-up, in the manner and in the circumstances described in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), and the issuance and delivery of such Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary, to be held on trust (or other similar arrangement) (which trust (or other similar arrangement) must be on terms permitting a Conversion Shares Offer in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer)) for the Holders, as provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event);
(ii) such conversion shall take place without delay and in any event not later than one month following the occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event (such date on which conversion is to occur shall be specified in the Trigger Event Notice and is referred to in this Offering Memorandum as the "Conversion Date"); and
(iii) the Notes will be converted in whole and not in part on the Conversion Date as provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), at which point all of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be irrevocably discharged and satisfied by the Issuer's issuance and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary no later than the Conversion Date; and
(iv) with effect from the occurrence of such Trigger Event:
(a) no Holder will have any rights against the Issuer with respect to the repayment of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes or the payment of interest or other amount on or in respect of the Notes (other than, in the case of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer that occurs after the date on which such Trigger Event occurs but before the Conversion Date, any amounts payable to Holders in such circumstances as described in the last paragraph of Condition 4.1 (Status)) and the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes shall equal zero at all times thereafter;
(b) any interest otherwise falling due on any date which falls on or after the date on which such Trigger Event occurs shall be deemed to have been cancelled upon the occurrence of such Trigger Event and shall not become due and payable; and
(c) each Holder's only right under the Notes against the Issuer will be a claim to have the Conversion Shares issued and delivered as described in, and subject to the provisions of, Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event).
See Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event).
The Conversion Price will be, if the Ordinary Shares are:
(i) then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the greater of:
8

Conversion Shares Offer:

(a) the Current Market Price of an Ordinary Share on the Conversion Date converted into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate; and
(b) the Floor Price on the Conversion Date; or
(ii) not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Floor Price on the Conversion Date.
The Floor Price is set at USD 23.97 and is subject to adjustment thereafter in accordance with Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price), provided that the Floor Price shall not be less than the par value of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Conversion Date converted into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate.
Not later than the Latest Conversion Shares Offer Election Date, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, make an election by giving a Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice stating that the Settlement Shares Depositary (or an agent on its behalf) will make an offer of, in the Issuer's sole and absolute discretion, all or some of the Conversion Shares to, in the Issuer's sole and absolute discretion, all or some of the Shareholders at such time, such offer to be at the Conversion Shares Offer Price, all in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer) (a "Conversion Shares Offer").
The Conversion Shares Offer Price will be the price per Conversion Share specified as such in the Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice. The Conversion Shares Offer Price shall be, if the Ordinary Shares are:
(i) then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Current Market Price as at the Conversion Date; or
(ii) not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Fair Market Value of the Conversion Shares as at the Conversion Date.
A Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice shall specify the period of time for which the Conversion Shares Offer will be open (the "Conversion Shares Offer Period"). The Conversion Shares Offer Period shall end no later than 40 Business Days after the giving of the Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice by the Issuer.
Upon expiry of the Conversion Shares Offer Period, the Settlement Shares Depositary will provide notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the composition of the Alternative Consideration (and of the deductions to the cash component, if any, of the Alternative Consideration (as set out in the definition of "Alternative Consideration")) per Note. The Alternative Consideration shall be held on trust (or other similar arrangement) by the Settlement Shares Depositary for the Holders and delivered to each Holder in the manner described in, and subject to, Condition 7.5 (Conversion Settlement).
The Issuer reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to elect that the Settlement Shares Depositary terminate the Conversion Shares Offer at any time during the Conversion Shares Offer Period.
9

See Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer).

Negative Pledge:

None.

Cross Default:

None.

Enforcement Events:

There will be enforcement events relating only to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a Holder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

Meetings of Holders Modifications:

and The Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Any modification to the Notes pursuant to the operation of such provisions is subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc ).

The Issuer may also, subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), make any modification to the Notes which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders without the consent of the Holders. Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders.

Taxation:

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision therein or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer shall, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 10 (Taxation), be required to pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Holders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required.

Form of the Notes:

The Notes will be issued in bearer form and will initially be in the form of the Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, which will be deposited on or around the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests in the Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, on or after the Exchange Date, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes only in certain limited circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note. See "Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

Denominations:

The Notes will be issued in the denominations of USD 200,000 and integral multiples of USD 1,000 in excess thereof up to (and including) USD 399,000.

Listing and Admission to Trading: Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin with effect from the Issue Date.

Irish Listing Agent:

Matheson.

10

Governing Law:

The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, except for Condition 4 (Status o f the Notes), Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation), Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), Condition 8.2 (Early redemption upon the occurrence o f a Special Event) and Condition 11 (Enforcement Events) which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish law.

Enforcement of the Notes in In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the Issuer will

Global Form:

be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 26 June 2018, a copy of which will

be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.

Ratings:

The Notes are expected to be rated BBB- by S&P and BB+ by Fitch.

In addition, the Issuer has been rated by each of S&P, Fitch and Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's") as follows:

S&P

Fitch

Moody's

senior

A

A

A1

unsubordinated

long-term

debt/long-term

Issuer default

rating

senior

A-1

F1

P-1

unsubordinated

short-term

debt/short-term

Issuer default

rating

Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody's is established in the EU and is registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Offering Memorandum. This list is available on the ESMA website at www.esma.eurova.eu/yase/List-resistered-and-certfied-CRAs (list last updated on 1 May 2018).

However, there is no guarantee that any rating of the Notes and/or the Issuer assigned by any such rating agency will be maintained following the date of this Offering Memorandum, and the Issuer may seek to obtain ratings of the Notes and/or the Issuer from other rating agencies.

A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should always be sought by direct reference to the relevant rating agency.

Selling Restrictions:

There are restrictions on the transfer of the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, see "Subscription and Sale" below. For a description of additional restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of the Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Singapore and Hong Kong, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

11

RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors should read the entire Offering Memorandum and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.

The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All o f thesefactors are contingencies that may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood o f any such contingency occurring.

Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose o f assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also described below.

The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate.

The following is a general discussion o f certain risks typically associated with the Issuer and the acquisition and ownership o f the Notes. In particular, it does not consider an investor's specific knowledge and/or understanding about risks typically associated with the Issuer and the acquisition and ownership o f the Notes, whether obtained through experience, training or otherwise, or the lack o f such specific knowledge and/or understanding, or circumstances that may apply to a particular investor.

Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. References to a numbered "Condition"shall be to the relevant Condition in the Terms and Conditions o f the Notes.

Risks relating to the Issuer

The Danske Bank Group is exposed to a variety o f risks, the most significant o f which are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, insurance risk, pension risk and business risk

The Danske Bank Group (the "G roup") is exposed to a number of risks and manages them at various organisational levels. The principal categories of risk are as follows:

·

Credit risk: The risk of losses because debtors or counterparties fail to meet all or part of their

payment obligations to the Group.

·

Market risk: The risk o f losses caused by changes in the market values o f the Group's financial assets,

liabilities and off-balance-sheet items resulting from changes in market prices or rates.

·

Liquidity risk: The risk of losses because the Group's funding costs become excessive, lack of funding

prevents the Group from maintaining its business model, or lack of funding prevents the Group from

fulfilling its payment obligations.

·

Operational risk: The risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and

systems or from external events, including legal risks.

·

Insurance risk: All types of risk for the Danica Group, including market risk and life insurance risk.

·

Pension risk: The risk that arises from the Group's liability for defined benefit pension plans

established for current and former employees.

·

Business risk: The risk that income cannot cover losses caused by events affecting the Group's profit

before loan impairment charges, market losses and operational losses.

12

Regulatory changes could materially affect the Issuer's business
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Denmark and in each other jurisdiction in which the Issuer carries on business. Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in Denmark, could materially affect the Issuer's business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually monitors the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer.
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate internationally, including inter alia, proposals to review standardised and internally modelled approaches for capital requirements for credit, market and operational risk (together with a proposed capital floor based on the revised standardised approaches for financial institutions using internal models) as well as proposals to increase a financial institution's ability to absorb losses in a situation where it is deemed no longer viable.
The Issuer is subject to risks as a result of implementation of the European Banking and Capital Markets Union. The Group has entities both within and outside the Eurozone.
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation and regulatory risks
The Group may become involved in various disputes and legal proceedings in Denmark and other jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory investigations. The Group's banking and other operations, including its insurance operations, like those of other financial services companies, have been the subject of regulatory scrutiny from time to time. For example, the Group is subject to applicable anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities conduct on-going inspections from time to time of the Group's compliance with anti-money laundering ("AM L"), sanctions, and terrorist financing laws.
On the basis of suspicions that the Issuer's branch in Estonia may have been used for money laundering, the Group launched investigations into the non-resident portfolio at its Estonian branch between 2007 and 2015. The conclusion of a root cause analysis was that several deficiencies in the period from 2007 to 2015 led to the Estonian branch not being sufficiently effective in preventing it from potentially being used for money laundering. As a result, the Group chose to expand its investigation to cover all customers and transactions in the non-resident portfolio at the Estonian branch in that period and will look into similar transactions elsewhere as required. The purpose is to report any previously unreported suspicious activity to the authorities and to get a full understanding of historical activity in the portfolio. Moreover, the Issuer believes that it is essential for the Group to get full insight into the matter and use this to prevent something similar from happening in the future. The investigation is expected to be completed in the course of 2018.
The Issuer has continuous dialogues with the supervisory authorities in the markets where the Issuer is active. As part of the ongoing dialogue with the authorities in various markets, the Issuer has also discussed the AML matters at the Estonian branch, and several other authorities have asked questions pertaining to the Issuer's alleged involvement in the so-called "Russian Laundromat" and "Azerbaijan Laundromat." In Denmark, supervisory orders and reprimands are publicly available.
In October 2017, the Issuer was placed under formal investigation by the French authorities in relation to suspicions of money laundering concerning transactions carried out by customers of Danske Bank Estonia between 2008 and 2011. In January 2018, the French court Tribunal de Grande Instance de Paris changed the status of the Issuer in the investigation to that of an assisted witness. This means that the Issuer is no longer placed under formal investigation, but still forms part of the investigation as an assisted witness.
In December 2017, the Issuer was charged by the Danish Public Prosecutor for Serious Economic and International Crime (SØIK) with having violated the stipulations of Danish AML legislation on the monitoring of transactions to and from correspondent banks. In this connection, the Issuer accepted a fine of DKK 12.5 million. The charge and the fine were the result of the inspection made by the DFSA at the Issuer in 2015.
13

The DFSA has assessed the role of the Group's management and senior employees in the matter relating to the now closed-down non-resident portfolio at the Group's branch in Estonia. The assessment related to whether rules relating to management and controls, and other Danish rules, had been complied with and stated that it had uncovered serious weaknesses in the Group's governance in a number of areas, and contains criticism o f the Group's governance, internal controls and responses. In its decision document dated 3 May 2018, the DFSA imposed on the Issuer eight orders and eight reprimands, as further discussed under "Description o f the Group--Legal and Arbitration Proceedings'" Among other things, the DFSA ordered the Board of Directors and the Executive Board to reassess the Issuer's and the Group's solvency need in order to ensure an adequate internal capital coverage of compliance and reputational risks as a result of weaknesses in the Group's governance. The DFSA initially estimated that a Pillar II add-on should amount to at least DKK 5 billion, or approximately 0.7 per cent. of the Group's REA as at 31 December 2017. An add-on of DKK 5 billion would have increased the Group's solvency need from 10.5 per cent. to 11.2 per cent. as at 31 March 2018. As at 31 March 2018, the Group's total capital ratio was 21.4 per cent.
The Group has taken note of the orders and reprimands. In addition to the initiatives already taken in recent years, the Group will now launch further measures to ensure that it complies with all orders. The DFSA did not assess compliance with rules on measures to prevent money laundering (AML measures) as, pursuant to EU regulation, the Estonian FSA supervises compliance by branches in Estonia with such rules. Furthermore, the DFSA noted in its decision document dated 3 May 2018 that the Group's ongoing investigations into the conditions at the Estonian branch could lead to new assessments and supervisory actions by the DFSA. For additional information on the AML matters at the Estonian branch, see "Description o f the Group--Legal Proceedings."
Disputes and legal proceedings generally are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. Adverse regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation could result in reputational harm, fines or restrictions or limitations on the Group's operations, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition. In addition, any determination by local regulators that the Group has not acted in compliance with applicable local laws in a particular market, or any failure to develop effective working relationships with local regulators, could have a material adverse effect not only on the Group's businesses in that market but also on its reputation generally.
The Issuerfaces increased capital and liquidity requirements as a result o f the Basel III Framework
The Basel III framework is implemented through Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and o f the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR") and Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "CRD IV Directive"). The CRR entered into force on 1 January 2014, and the CRD IV Directive was implemented in Denmark in March 2014. Each of the CRR and the CRD IV Directive covers a wide range of prudential requirements for banks across Member States of the EEA, including capital requirements, stricter and aligned definitions of capital, risk-exposure amounts ("REA"), large exposure framework and liquidity and funding requirements. The CRD IV Directive covers the overall supervisory framework for banks (including the individual risk assessment) and other measures such as the combined capital buffer requirements, systemically important financial institution ("SIFI"), governance and remuneration requirements. As a consequence of the European Banking Authority's (the "EBA") outstanding regulatory technical standards, the Group is subject to the risk o f possible interpretational changes.
In addition, the CRD IV Directive includes a requirement for credit institutions to calculate, report, monitor and publish their leverage ratios, defined as their tier 1 capital as a percentage of their total exposure measure. Until a minimum leverage ratio requirement is implemented in the EU, the regulators may apply such measures as they consider appropriate. In Denmark, the risk of excessive leverage is addressed under "Pillar 2".
14

On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published its proposal for an EU Banking reform package (the "EU Banking Reform ") as part of the finalisation of the Basel III framework and its implementation in the EU. The EU Banking Reform includes proposals to amend the CRR and the CRD IV Directive. The proposed amendments include, inter alia, changes to the market risk framework by implementing the fundamental review of the trading book ("FRTB"), the counterparty credit risk framework, introduction of a formal minimum leverage ratio requirement and a net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") requirement, revisions to the Pillar 2 framework, transition of International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") 9 Financial Instruments and its impact on capital ratios and revisions to the framework concerning interest rate risk in the banking book ("IRRBB"). An agreement on the transition of IFRS 9 effect on prudential capital was reached in November 2017 with effect from 1 January 2018. The implementation of IFRS 9 is expected to have a limited impact on the Issuer's capital ratios. Measured at 1 January 2018, the transitional impact was 0.1 percentage points (fully phased in: 0.2 percentage points). Finalisation of the remaining Banking Reform is not expected before well into 2018.
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "BCBS") published revised standards for measuring credit and operational risk, constraints on the use of internal model approaches and the possible implementation of a broad REA floor based on the standardised approaches for measuring credit, market and operational risk. The amendments of the Basel standards may increase the Group's REA, but it is still too early to assess the impact of these potential changes as the political dialogue on how and when to implement the revised standards in the EU has not yet been initiated. The stipulations of EU legislation are not expected to be fully known until 2021 at the earliest. On the basis of the strong earnings capacity and capitalisation, the Group is confident that it will be able to adapt smoothly to the future changes in EU regulatory requirements in relation to the revised Basel standards.
Additional Capital Buffer Requirements
Under the CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of REA (of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 capital, and at least 6 per cent. must be Tier 1 capital). In addition to these so-called minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements, the CRD IV Directive (including but not limited to, Article 128) also introduces capital buffer requirements in addition to the minimum "own funds" requirements, which must be met with Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The capital buffer is comprised of five elements (referred to collectively as the "combined buffer"): (i) the capital conservation buffer; (ii) the institution-specific countercyclical buffer; (iii) the global systemically important institutions buffer; (iv) the other systemically important institutions buffer; and (v) the systemic risk buffer. Subject to applicable transitional provisions and national implementation, some or all of these capital buffers are expected to apply to the Issuer.
Under Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, Member States must require that institutions that fail to meet the "combined buffer requirement" (broadly, the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer and the higher of (depending on the institution), the systemic risk buffer, the global systemically important institutions buffer and the other systemically important institution buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution) will be subject to restricted "discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly by the CRD IV Directive as distributions in connection with Common Equity Tier 1 capital, payments on Additional Tier 1 instruments and payments of variable remuneration). The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer requirement and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the most recent decision on the distribution of profits or discretionary payment. Such calculation will result in a "maximum distributable amount" in each relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the combined buffer requirement, no discretionary distributions will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement it may be necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including potentially exercising the discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the Notes. Further, there can be no assurance that the Issuer's combined buffer requirement will not be increased in the future, which may exacerbate the risk that discretionary payments, including payments of interest on the Notes, are cancelled.
15

In addition to the minimum own funds Pillar 1 capital requirements described above, the CRD IV Directive (including but not limited to Article 104(1)(a)) contemplates that competent authorities may require additional "Pillar 2" capital to be maintained by an institution relating to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements ("additional own funds requirem ents") or to address macro-prudential requirements.
According to the implementation of the CRD IV Directive in Denmark, the combined buffer requirement is stacked on top of the "Pillar 2" capital requirements. If the combined buffer requirement is breached, the institution has to submit a capital conservation plan for approval by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "DFSA"). However, for the purpose of determining automatic restrictions on discretionary payments (i.e. the Maximum Distributable Amount or the "MDA"), "Pillar 2" capital requirements should not be taken into account. Nonetheless, the DFSA may choose to impose restrictions on discretionary payments on the basis of the submitted capital conservation plan.
The EBA published guidelines on 19 December 2014 addressed to national supervisors on common procedures and methodologies for the supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP") which contained guidelines proposing a common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional own funds requirements. Under these guidelines, national supervisors should set a composition requirement for the additional own funds requirements to cover certain risks of at least 56 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. The guidelines also contemplate that national supervisors should not set additional own funds requirements in respect of risks which are already covered by capital buffer requirements and/or additional macro-prudential requirements; and, accordingly, the combined buffer requirement is in addition to the minimum own funds requirement and to the additional own funds requirement. The EBA guidelines are currently under review. A final version is expected to be published by the EBA in 2018.
There can be no assurance as to the relationship between any of the aforementioned or future incremental own funds requirements, any combined buffer requirement and the associated restrictions on discretionary payments, and as to how and when effect will be given to the EBA's minimum guidelines in Denmark, including as to the consequences for an institution of its capital levels falling below the minimum, buffer and additional requirements referred to above. With effect from 1 January 2016, the DFSA has issued an executive order implementing the composition requirements outlined in SREP. Under this executive order, additional own funds requirements must be met with at least 56 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. Capital instruments issued prior to 31 December 2015 that were eligible to cover additional own funds requirements will be grandfathered until 31 December 2021.
The capital requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or Group are, by their nature, calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be easily observable or capable o f calculation by investors. Holders o f Notes may not be able to predict accurately the proximity o f the risk of discretionary payments (of Interest and principal) on the Notes being prohibited from time to time as a result of the operation of Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive as implemented in Denmark.
There can be no assurance that the leverage ratio or any of the minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements, additional own funds requirements or buffer capital requirements applicable to the Group will not be amended in the future to include new and more onerous capital requirements, which in turn may affect the Issuer's capacity to make payments of interest on the Notes.
The Council o f the European Union has adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range o f actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investmentfirms considered to be at risk o ffailing. In certain limited circumstances, it is possible that the implementation o f the directive or the taking o f any action under it could affect the value o f any Notes
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council o f the European Union adopted a directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "BRRD"). The BRRD, including the general bail-in tool
16

and the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities ("M REL"), was implemented into Danish law and entered into force as of 1 June 2015 by Consolidated Act No. 333 of 31 March 2015 on Restructuring and Resolution of Certain Financial Undertakings, as amended from time to time (the "Danish Recovery and Resolution A ct") and by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act.
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. If the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest, the relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone or in combination without the consent of the institution's creditors, including the Holders: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in relating to eligible liabilities - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down or convert to equity all or a part of certain claims of unsecured creditors, including the Holders as further described below and to write-down or convert to equity certain unsecured debt claims (including the Notes) (the "general bail-in tool"), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework.
An institution or, under certain conditions, a group will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further statutory power to permanently write-down (or convert into equity) capital instruments such as the Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of the Notes upon any such statutory conversion into equity may also be subject to subsequent application o f resolution tools, which may result in cancellation or dilution o f the shareholding.
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Holders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors.
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Notes) are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be
17

provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group would no longer be viable.
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed institutions, or under certain conditions, groups, which may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the institution or group as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments.
With the implementation of the BRRD, European banks are required to have bail in-able resources in order to fulfil MREL. There is no minimum EU-wide level of MREL - each resolution authority is required to make a separate determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each banking group within its jurisdiction, depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other characteristics of each institution. In March 2018, the DFSA published their decision to set the MREL for the Group. As expected, the requirement was set to be equivalent to two times the capital requirement including capital buffer requirements. Danish mortgage credit institutions are exempt from MREL and are instead subject to a socalled debt buffer requirement of 2 per cent. of their unweighted loans. Due to this exemption, Realkredit Danmark is not included in the consolidation when determining the MREL for the Group. Furthermore, liabilities and own funds used to fulfil MREL cannot be simultaneously used to fulfil the capital and debt buffer requirements that apply to Realkredit Danmark. The DFSA also requires that all MREL-eligible liabilities and own funds must bear losses before other senior unsecured claims in both resolution and insolvency. A legislative proposal that is currently being processed will introduce a new layer in the creditor hierarchy for financial institutions, so-called non-preferred senior debt. Danish SIFIs must fulfil their MREL from 1 July 2019, but in transition to 1 January 2022, they can also include senior preferred liabilities issued before 1 January 2018. The MREL requirement may require Danish SIFIs and other banks to issue own funds instruments or debt eligible for MREL in accordance with the BRRD, the latter of which includes unsecured non-preferred senior debt with residual maturity of at least one year. If an institution does not fulfil the MREL requirement after 1 July 2019, the relevant authority may withdraw its banking license. Also, a comparable concept for loss absorption, Total Loss Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") has been set for global systemically important institutions ("G SII"). The TLAC requirement also takes effect from 2019. The Group is currently not identified as a G-SII.
On 14 March 2018, a bill proposing that the total resolution related requirements for each individual Danish SIFI group would always constitute at least 8 per cent. of all liabilities including own funds was presented to the Danish Parliament. The bill is not expected to significantly impact the Issuer. However, as the bill has not been adopted, the exact content o f the final rules are presently not known.
The European Commission's European Union Banking Reform also includes proposals to implement TLAC into EU legislation. The incorporation of the TLAC standard into the existing MREL framework is expected to provide clarity in the regulatory framework surrounding MREL and TLAC, both in terms of the framework for setting banks' requirements as well as the instruments that can be used to fulfil such requirements. The implementation of a TLAC requirement for G-SII in the EU could influence the implementation of MREL and therefore could impact the required MREL for the Issuer. Furthermore, the reform of the existing MREL framework in BRRD may impact the interaction between the MREL requirement and the combined capital buffer requirement to the extent that a breach of MREL may lead to restrictions on the MDA.
The powers set out in the already adopted BRRD impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The BRRD outlines the priority ranking of certain deposits in an insolvency hierarchy, which required changes to the insolvency hierarchy in Denmark. The BRRD establishes a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly for insured depositors and, secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises held in EEA or non-EEA branches of an EEA bank. These preferred deposits rank ahead of all other unsecured
18

senior creditors of the Issuer in the insolvency hierarchy. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be changed in the future.
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 2017/2399/EU amending BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The directive enables banks to issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt which would rank below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution (a so-called `non-preferred senior debt'). The directive is currently being transposed into national laws in the EU Member States, including into Danish law. On 14 March 2018, a bill proposing implementation of the directive was presented in the Danish Parliament. According to the bill as published, the rules will not affect the existing stock of bank debt and will apply to issuances of bank debt made from 1 January 2018 or later in the concerned category following the date of application of the amendment. However, as the bill has not been adopted, the exact content o f the final rules are presently not known.
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could have a material adverse effect on the rights o f Holders, the price or value o f their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. Although the BRRD, as implemented, contains certain limited safeguards for creditors in specific circumstances, including in the case of senior creditors a safeguard that aims to ensure that they do not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant financial institution been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings, there can be no assurance that these safeguards will be effective if such powers are exercised. The determination that all or a part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Group's control. The application of the general bail -in tool with respect to the Notes may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms o f the Notes to give effect to such application o f the general bail-in tool. Accordingly, potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that the general bail-in tool may be applied in such a manner as to result in Holders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the relevant resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the general bail-in tool without providing any advance notice to the Holders.
Holders of the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool as described above and any non-viability loss absorption, which may result in Holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability o f the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.
The Group will have to pay additional amounts under resolution funds or deposit guarantee schemes
In Denmark and other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds ("Deposit G uarantee Schemes") have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable to customers of financial services firms in the event a financial services firm is unable to pay, or unlikely to pay, claims against it. In most jurisdictions in which the Group operates, these Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution funds are funded, directly or indirectly, by financial services firms which operate and/or are licensed in the relevant jurisdiction. The future target level of funds to be accumulated in Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution funds across different EU countries may exceed the minimum target levels provided for in the BRRD, Directive 2014/49/EC (the "revised Deposit G uarantee Schemes Directive") and in Regulation 2014/806/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 1093/2010/EC (the "SRM")
19

(the latter of which will be relevant for Danish credit institutions should Denmark choose to participate in the Banking Union, which includes the SRM).
Through participation in the Deposit Guarantee Fund for Depositors and Investors (the "Danish G uarantee Fund"), Danish deposit guarantee fund, Danish credit institutions undertake to cover losses incurred on covered deposits held with distressed credit institutions. The Danish Guarantee Fund's capital must amount to at least 0.8 per cent. of the covered deposits of all Danish credit institutions by 31 December 2024. The Danish Guarantee Fund is currently fully funded, but if the fund subsequently does not have sufficient means to make the required payments, extraordinary contributions of up to 0.5 per cent. of the individual institution's covered deposits may be required. Extraordinary contributions above this percentage require the consent of the DFSA. If the Danish Guarantee Fund's capital falls below two-thirds of the minimum amount (0.8 per cent. of covered deposits), the Danish Guarantee Fund must reach the target level again within six years.
The Issuer, Realkredit Danmark A/S ("R ealkredit D anm ark") and other Danish financial institutions must make contributions to the Danish resolution fund on the basis o f the amount o f their respective liabilities (excluding own funds) less covered deposits and risks relative to other financial institutions in Denmark. The assets of the Danish resolution fund must equal at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all Danish financial institutions by 31 December 2024. The first contributions to the Danish resolution fund were paid in the fourth quarter of 2015. The intention is for losses to be covered by the annual contributions made by the participating financial institutions. Consequently, if the Danish resolution fund does not have sufficient means, extraordinary contributions of up to three times the latest annual contributions may be required.
In addition, the Issuer's international subsidiaries contribute to national deposit guarantee schemes and resolution funds to the extent required.
The Group may be affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable geopolitical conditions, capital markets that are transparent, liquid and buoyant, and positive investor sentiment. Each of the Group's operating segments is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions, which can cause the Group's results of operations and financial position to fluctuate from year to year as well as on a long term basis. The Group's performance is in particular significantly influenced by the general economic conditions of the countries in which it operates, in particular the Nordic markets (Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland) and Northern Ireland.
Since 2014, Denmark has experienced annual GDP growth close to 1.8 per cent, and a sustained increase in employment. Growth has continued on a strong note in 2017, although export levels have been disappointing in 2017 considering the solid global growth and healthy competitiveness of Danish businesses. Growth in Sweden accelerated to 4.5 per cent. in 2015 supported by private consumption and housing investment, but has since moderated to close to 3 per cent. Norway was negatively affected by the decline in oil prices in 2014, but did not experience an actual recession and is now recovering from a period of low growth, as oil-related investment is no longer declining. Finland suffered 3 years of declining GDP due to, among other things, declining exports to Russia, and a need to tighten fiscal policy. Since 2015, growth has accelerated and was close to 3 per cent. annually in the fourth quarter of 2017, driven by exports, investment and an increase in private consumption despite a decline in real wages in 2017.
Across the Nordic countries, growth has been sustained by increasing private consumption. In Denmark and Sweden, real wages have grown due to low inflation, and employment has increased. Norway has experienced higher inflation following the depreciation of the Norwegian Kroner, but real wage increases have remained positive. In Finland, real wages have been decreasing due to, among other things, an internal devaluation in the shape of a one-year wage freeze. However, low inflation and interest rates, combined with an income tax cut, has kept private consumption going strong. Years of rapid house price increases in Sweden and Norway have been replaced by a sharp reversal, especially in Sweden where prices have decreased significantly in recent months. In
20

Sweden, where residential investments is an important growth driver, the Issuer expects overall growth will be negatively affected as household finances and the finances of construction-related businesses will weaken. Norwegian house prices have on average declined since spring 2017 led by lower prices in Oslo as supply of new housing has increased and access to mortgage financing has been limited by regulatory measures. In recent months, price declines have been slowing, though, and the Issuer does not expect overall economic activity to be affected much. As Nordic countries are small, open economies, they are sensitive to disruptions in the global economy or the free flow of goods and services. Very accommodating central bank monetary policy and low interest rates have had, and continue to have, an impact on the Group's net interest income. Adverse economic developments have affected and will continue to affect the Group's business in a number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of the Group's customers, particularly its small- and medium-sized enterprise ("SME") customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the Group's credit quality (resulting in increased impairment charges) and demand for the Group's financial products and services. As a result, any or all of the conditions described above could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial position, and measures implemented by the Group might not be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks.
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk:
The secondary market generally
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
Payment of principal and interest on the Notes will be made in U.S. Dollars. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than U.S. Dollars. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of U.S. Dollars or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency or U.S. Dollars may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to U.S. Dollars would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Governmental and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor's Currency.
Interest rate risks
Notwithstanding that the rate of interest applicable to the Notes will be reset on the First Call Date and on each Reset Date thereafter, an investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates during the Initial Period or, as the case may be, during a Reset Interest Period may adversely affect the value of the Notes.
In addition, a holder of securities with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the relevant securities, such as the Notes, is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income.
21

Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or the Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and may be lowered, withdrawn or not maintained
Each of S&P and Fitch is expected to assign a credit rating to the Notes. In addition, each of S&P, Fitch and Moody's has assigned credit ratings to the Issuer as described in "Overview of the Notes" above. These ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer. A security credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be suspended, reduced or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. The Issuer may also decide to discontinue its cooperation with a rating agency at any time. In addition, changes in the Issuer's credit ratings may affect the market value of the Notes. Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of companies and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by the agencies.
In addition to ratings assigned by any hired rating agencies, rating agencies not hired by the Issuer to rate the Notes may assign unsolicited ratings. If any non-hired rating agency assigns an unsolicited rating to the Notes, there can be no assurance that such rating will not differ from, or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The assignment of an unsolicited rating by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes.
The Issuer is exposed to changing methodology by rating agencies
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse changes of such methodologies may materially and adversely affect the Issuer's operations or financial condition, the Issuer's willingness or ability to leave individual transactions outstanding and adversely affect the Issuer's capital market standing.
Risks related to the structure of the Notes
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes are deeply subordinated
Subject to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), the Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer as described in Condition 4 (Status o f the Notes).
The Issuer may issue other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Notes or pari passu with the Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (a) its depositors and other unsubordinated creditors and (b) its other subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Notes) in full before it can make any payments on the Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Notes. In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Notes, payments relating to other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer's pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.
Interest on the Notes may be cancelled in certain circumstances
Subject as provided in Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation), any payment of interest in respect of the Notes shall be payable only out of the Issuer's Distributable Items and:
(i) may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer in its sole discretion; or
22

(ii)

w ill be m andatorily cancelled, in w hole or in part, to the extent:

(a) that, if the relevant payment were so made, the amount of such payment, when aggregated together with other distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 (2) of the CRD IV Directive (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing Article 141 (2) of the CRD IV Directive), or any successor thereto, would cause any Maximum Distributable Amount to be exceeded; or

(b) otherwise so required by CRD IV, including the applicable criteria for Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments.

The CRD IV requirements currently provide that discretionary payments in respect of certain capital instruments (including payments of interest on the Notes, which would include, for the avoidance of doubt, any additional amounts in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation)) will be required to be cancelled, in whole or in part, to the extent that:

(i) the Issuer's Distributable Items are insufficient to make the relevant payment(s); or

(ii) the combined buffer requirement is not met and, if the relevant payment(s) were made, the amount of such payment(s) would exceed the Maximum Distributable Amount. See further the risk factor entitled "Additional Capital Buffer Requirements'"above.

The Issuer also expects to cancel any such discretionary payment to the extent that CRD IV prescribes and/or, as the case may be, the Relevant Regulator requires that the relevant payment(s) shall be cancelled.

The Issuer's Distributable Items will depend to a large extent on the net income earned by the Issuer. The Maximum Distributable Amount is a relatively novel concept, and its determination is subject to some uncertainty. As discussed above, the Issuer is entitled to cancel payments of interest in its sole discretion and it is permitted to do so even if it could make such payments without exceeding the limits described in the paragraph immediately above. Notwithstanding the above expectations, payments of interest on the Notes may be cancelled even if holders of the Issuer's shares continue to receive dividends.

Following any cancellation of interest as described above, the right of Holders to receive accrued interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period will terminate and the Issuer will have no further obligation to pay such interest or to pay interest thereon, whether or not payments of interest in respect of subsequent Interest Periods are made, and such unpaid interest will not be deemed to have "accrued" or been earned for any purpose nor will the non-payment of such interest constitute an Enforcement Event.

Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provision of the Notes, the market price of the Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues and that are not subject to such cancellation and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the financial condition of the Issuer and/or the Group. Holders should be aware that any announcement relating to the future cancellation of interest payments or any actual cancellation of interest payments may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. Holders may find it difficult to sell their Notes in such circumstances, or may only be able to sell their Notes at a price which may be significantly lower than the price at which they purchased their Notes. In such event, Holders may lose some or substantially all of their investment in the Notes.

The Notes will be subject to loss absorption following a Trigger Event

The Notes are being issued for regulatory capital adequacy purposes with the intention and purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and the Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being satisfied, including the availability of the Notes and the proceeds of their issue to absorb any losses of the Issuer and/or the Group.

23

Accordingly, if at any time the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group has fallen below 7.000 per cent. (any such event, a "Trigger Event"), the Notes will be converted into Conversion Shares as provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event). With effect from the occurrence of such Trigger Event:
(i) no Holder will have any rights against the Issuer with respect to the repayment of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes or the payment of interest or other amount on or in respect of the Notes (other than, in the case of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer that occurs after the date on which such Trigger Event occurs but before the Conversion Date, any amounts payable to Holders in such circumstances as described in the last paragraph of Condition 4.1 (Status)) and the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes shall equal zero at all times thereafter;
(ii) any interest otherwise falling due on any date which falls on or after the date on which such Trigger Event occurs shall be deemed to have been cancelled upon the occurrence of such Trigger Event and shall not become due and payable; and
(iii) each Holder's only right under the Notes against the Issuer will be a claim to have the Conversion Shares issued and delivered as described in, and subject to the provisions of, Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event).
Holders may lose all or some of their investment as a result of a conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares. Any conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares shall not constitute an Enforcement Event and, following such conversion, Holders will lose all of their claims for payment under the Notes and, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), in particular as described in the risk factor "Holders may receive Alternative Consideration instead of Conversion Shares following a Trigger Event and would not know the composition of any Alternative Consideration until the end of the Conversion Shares Offer Period", will instead receive Conversion Shares which are more deeply subordinated than the Notes. The number and/or value of the Conversion Shares received by Holders following such a conversion may be less than Holders had expected.
If a Trigger Event occurs, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), Holders will only have claims under their Conversion Shares. Such claims in a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer are the most junior-ranking of all claims. Claims in respect of Conversion Shares are not for a fixed principal amount, but rather are limited to a share of the surplus assets (if any) remaining following payment of all amounts due in respect of the liabilities of the Issuer.
Further, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that neither the Issuer, nor any member of the Group, shall be liable for any taxes or duties (including, without limitation, any capital, stamp, issue and registration and /or transfer taxes or duties) arising on conversion in connection with the issue and delivery of Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary on behalf of such Holder and such Holder must pay all, if any, such taxes or duties arising by reference to any disposal or deemed disposal of such Holder's Notes or interest therein. In addition, upon a conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares, the holders of Conversion Shares may be subject to capital gains tax and to Danish withholding tax on any dividend payments and certain other distributions in relation to the Conversion Shares. Please see "Taxation - Denmark Taxation".
As a Trigger Event is likely to occur when the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, will have deteriorated significantly, any Trigger Event will likely be accompanied by a prior deterioration in the market price of the Ordinary Shares, which may be expected to continue after announcement of the relevant Trigger Event. Therefore, in the event of the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Current Market Price of an Ordinary Share may be below the Floor Price, and investors could receive Conversion Shares at a time when the market price of the Conversion Shares is considerably less than the Floor Price. In such circumstances, the Conversion Price will, as described in more detail in the definition thereof, be the Floor Price and Holders will receive a smaller number of Conversion Shares than would have been the case had the Current Market Price been the Conversion Price at that time. In addition, there may be a delay in a Holder receiving its Conversion Shares (or cash proceeds in case of a placement with Shareholders pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer mechanism) following a conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares, during which time the market price of the Conversion
24

Shares may fall further. As a result, the value of the Conversion Shares received following such conversion could be substantially lower than the price paid for the Notes at the time of their purchase.
In addition, because the Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars and any Conversion Shares will be denominated in Danish Kroner, fluctuations in the exchange rates between these two currencies may adversely affect the number of Conversion Shares delivered to a Holder as a result of a conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares.
The market price of the Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group is trending towards 7.000 per cent. may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. The level of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group may significantly affect the trading price of the Notes.
Investors should note that, while the occurrence of a Trigger Event is not common, it is an appreciable risk and is not limited to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.
The calculation o f the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios will be affected by a number offactors, many o f which may be outside the Issuer's control, including, without limitation, such regulatory changes as implementation o f future amendments o f the Basel standardsfor measuring credit, market and operational risk
The occurrence of a Trigger Event and, therefore the conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares, is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, many of which may be outside the Issuer's control. As the Relevant Regulator may require the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio to be calculated as of any date, a Trigger Event could occur at any time. The calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group could be affected by a wide range of factors, including, among other things, factors affecting the level of the Issuer's and/or the Group's earnings or dividend payments, the mix of businesses, the ability to effectively manage the risk exposure amounts in both the on-going businesses and those the Issuer and/or the Group may seek to exit, losses in commercial banking, investment banking or other businesses, changes in the Group's structure or organisation, or any of the factors described in "Description of the Danske Bank Group". The calculation of the ratios also may be affected by changes in applicable accounting rules and the manner in which accounting policies are applied, including the manner in which permitted discretion is exercised under the applicable accounting rules.
Due to the uncertainty regarding whether a Trigger Event will occur, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the Notes will be converted into Conversion Shares. Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Notes may not necessarily follow the trading behaviour of other types of subordinated securities. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of either the Issuer or of the Group is approaching the level that would trigger a Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market price and liquidity of the Notes. Under such circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to more conventional investments.
The Group may be impacted by the implementation of further regulations which have been or are currently under consultation or are yet to be finalised. By way of example, these include the BCBS consultations on (i) the design of a capital floor framework based on standardised approaches for credit risk and (ii) revisions to the standardised approach for credit risk. Although the timing for adoption, contents (including changes made in the EU legislative process) as well as impact of these proposals remain subject to considerable uncertainty, the implementation of this new risk assessment framework may impact the calculation of the Group's risk weighted assets and, consequently, the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio.
Any changes that may occur in the application of the CRD IV rules in Denmark subsequent to the date of this Offering Memorandum and/or any subsequent changes to such rules and other variables may individually and/or in the aggregate negatively affect the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and thus increase the risk of a Trigger Event, which will lead to conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares, as a result of which investors could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the Notes.
25

Holders will bear the risk offluctuations in the price o f the Ordinary Shares
The market price of the Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the market price of the Ordinary Shares, in particular if at any time there is a significant deterioration in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer or the Group. It is impossible to predict accurately whether the price of the Ordinary Shares will rise or fall. Market prices of the Ordinary Shares will be influenced by, among other things, the financial position of the Issuer and the Group, the results of operations and political, economic, financial and other factors. See also "The Notes will be subject to loss absorption following a Trigger Event" above.
Substitution and variation o f the Notes without Holder consent
Subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), if a Special Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without the requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Capital Notes.
Qualifying Capital Notes are securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms which (i) adhere to the specific conditions outlined in the definition of "Qualifying Capital Notes" and (ii) are not otherwise materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its Directors to the Fiscal Agent). There can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Holder, any Qualifying Capital Notes will be as favourable to each Holder in all respects or that, if it were entitled to do so, a particular Holder would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Capital Notes are not materially less favourable to Holders than the terms of the Notes.
See Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation).
There are no events o f default and the enforcement events are limited
The terms of the Notes do not provide for any events of default. Holders may not at any time demand repayment or redemption of their Notes, and enforcement rights for any payments are limited to the claim of Holders in a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, a Holder may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note (to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy and any other amounts payable on such Note under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
According to Section 17(2) of Consolidated Act No. 11 of 6 January 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time (the "Danish Bankruptcy Act") (in Danish: "konkursloven"), a debtor is insolvent if it cannot meet its obligations as and when they fall due, unless the inability to meet such obligations may be considered to be temporary. However, according to Section 234(2) of the Danish Financial Business Act, notwithstanding Section 17(2) of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, if the Issuer cannot meet its obligations regarding capital raised as Additional Tier 1 Capital, which as of the date hereof will include the Notes, the Issuer is not considered insolvent. Therefore, even if the Issuer cannot meet its obligations regarding capital raised as Additional Tier 1 Capital, the Issuer will not be considered insolvent. Accordingly, a Holder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.
26

If proceedings with respect to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer should occur, the Holders would be required to pursue their claims on the Notes in proceedings with respect to the Issuer in Denmark. In addition, to the extent that the Holders are entitled to any recovery with respect to the Notes in any such Danish bankruptcy proceedings, such Holders would be entitled to a recovery in Danish Kroner or, as the case may be, other currencies, which would be based on the relevant conversion rate in effect on the date the Issuer entered into such liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings.
Uncertainties remain regarding the manner in which CRD IV will be interpreted
The defined terms in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will depend in some cases on the final interpretation of CRD IV. CRD IV is a recently-adopted set of rules and regulations that imposes a series of new requirements, many of which will be phased in over a number of years. Certain portions of the CRD IV Directive required transposition into Danish law and, although the CRR is directly applicable in each Member State, it leaves a number of important interpretational issues to be resolved through binding technical standards that have been, and will be in the future, adopted and leaves certain other matters to the discretion of the Relevant Regulator. The manner in which the framework and requirements under CRD IV will be applied to the Issuer and the Group therefore remains uncertain.
The Issuer has the right to redeem Notes at its option in certain circumstances and this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return
Subject as provided herein, in particular to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the First Call Date or on any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled. Subject as aforesaid, upon the occurrence of a Special Event, the Issuer may also, at its option, at any time redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled.
Any such optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
The Notes have no fixed date for redemption
The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption. The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Notes at any time (except as provided in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and, in any such case, subject always to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.)). There will be no redemption at the option of the Holders. Therefore, prospective investors in the Notes should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks associated with an investment in long term securities.
No right of set-off or counterclaim
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, no Holder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Holder.
Holders may receive Alternative Consideration instead of Conversion Shares following a Trigger Event and would not know the composition of any Alternative Consideration until the end of the Conversion Shares Offer Period
27

Holders may not ultimately receive Conversion Shares following a Trigger Event because the Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Conversion Shares Offer be conducted by the Settlement Shares Depositary. In addition, the Conversion Shares Offer Price relating to any such Conversions Shares Offer shall be, if the Ordinary Shares are:
(i) then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Current Market Price as at the Conversion Date; or
(ii) not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Fair Market Value of the Conversion Shares as at the Conversion Date.
As the Conversion Shares Office Price is always based on a market price, the Conversion Shares Offer Price may be more or less than the Floor Price.
If all of the Conversion Shares are sold in the Conversion Shares Offer, Holders will be entitled to receive, in respect of each Note and as determined by the Issuer, the pro-rata share of the cash proceeds from the sale of such Conversion Shares attributable to such Note (converted into U.S. Dollars at the Prevailing Exchange Rate as of the day which is three Settlement Shares Depositary Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement Date) as determined by the Settlement Shares Depositary, and less the pro-rata share of any foreign exchange transaction costs and an amount equal to the pro-rata share of any taxes or duties (including, without limitation, any capital, stamp, issue and registration and transfer taxes or duties) that may arise or be paid in connection with the issue and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer. If some, but not all, of the Conversion Shares are sold in the Conversion Shares Offer, Holders will be entitled to receive, in respect of each Note, (a) the pro-rata share of the cash proceeds from the sale of such Conversion Shares attributable to such Note (converted into U.S. Dollars at the Prevailing Exchange Rate as of the day which is three Settlement Shares Depositary Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement Date) as determined by the Settlement Shares Depositary, and less the pro-rata share of any foreign exchange transaction costs and an amount equal to the pro-rata share of any taxes or duties (including, without limitation, any capital, stamp, issue and registration and transfer taxes or duties) that may arise or be paid in connection with the issue and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer and (b) the pro-rata share of such Conversion Shares not sold pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer attributable to such Note rounded down to the nearest whole number of Conversion Shares.
No interest or other compensation is payable in respect of the period from the Conversion Date to the date of delivery of the Conversion Shares or the cash proceeds from the sale of the Conversion Shares in the circumstances described above. Furthermore, neither the occurrence of a Trigger Event nor, following the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the election (if any) by the Issuer to undertake a Conversion Shares Offer, will preclude the Issuer from undertaking a rights issue or other equity issue at any time on such terms as the Issuer deems appropriate, at the Issuer's sole discretion, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the offer of Ordinary Shares at or below the Conversion Shares Offer Price.
Notice of the results of any Conversion Shares Offer will be provided to Holders only at the end of the Conversion Shares Offer Period. Accordingly, Holders would not know the composition of the Alternative Consideration to which they may be entitled until the end of the Conversion Shares Offer Period.
The delivery o f Conversion Shares is predicated on the maintenance o f relevant authorisationsfrom Shareholders
At the Issuer's Annual General Meeting held on 16 March 2017, the Shareholders prolonged the authority of the Board of Directors of the Issuer to raise the Issuer's share capital by up to DKK 1,000,000,000 without pre emptive rights for existing shareholders. As of the date of this Offering Memorandum, the Board of Directors of the Issuer is therefore authorised to deliver Conversion Shares following the occurrence of a Trigger Event. This authorisation will, however, expire on 1 March 2022 and such authorisation will therefore need to be refreshed by the Shareholders periodically to ensure the Issuer continues to be duly authorised to deliver Conversion Shares
28

following the occurrence of a Trigger Event. In addition, the Shareholders may rescind this authorisation at any time.
While the Issuer has undertaken in Condition 12 (Undertakings) at all times to ensure that there is sufficient registered authorised share capital to enable (i) conversion of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), and (ii) all rights of subscription and exchange for Conversion Shares, to be satisfied in full, if the above authorisation o f the Shareholders is not refreshed as described above or, as the case may be, is rescinded by the Shareholders, the Issuer will not be authorised to deliver Conversion Shares in accordance with Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event). In such circumstances, if a Trigger Event has occurred:
(A) the Issuer will not be able to fulfil its contractual obligation to the Holders to deliver Conversion Shares following the occurrence of such Trigger Event; and
(B) as described in more detail in the above risk factor "The Notes will be subject to loss absorption following a Trigger Event", each Holder's only remaining right under the Notes against the Issuer will be a claim to have the Conversion Shares issued and delivered as described in, and subject to the provisions of, Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event).
Each Holder should, however, also note that, by virtue o f its holding o f any Note, each Holder shall be deemed to have irrevocably agreed that, where (i) there is a delay or failure by the Issuer to deliver Conversion Shares and (ii) such Holder suffers a loss or losses, directly or indirectly, as a result of such delay or failure, it will not have any right or claim against the Issuer (or any other Person) for compensation (or any other form of damages) for such loss or losses.
Holders should therefore be prepared to bear any such loss or losses that could arise if the above authorisation of the Shareholders is not in effect at the time a Trigger Event occurs.
The value o f the Notes may decline because the Holders do not have anti-dilution protection in all circumstances. In particular, the occurrence o f corporate actions or events in respect o f which no adjustment to the Floor Price is made may adversely affect the value o f the Notes
The number of Conversion Shares which are to be issued in respect of each Note upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event shall be determined by dividing the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note (in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event) by the Conversion Price (rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest whole number of Conversion Shares).
The Conversion Price will be, if the Ordinary Shares are:
(i) then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the greater of:
(a) the Current Market Price of an Ordinary Share on the Conversion Date converted into U.S. Dollars at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate; and
(b) the Floor Price on the Conversion Date; or
(ii) not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Floor Price on the Conversion Date.
The Floor Price will or, as the case may be, may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain corporate actions, as specified in Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price) provided always that the Floor Price shall not be less than the par value of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Conversion Date converted into U.S. Dollars at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate. However, save as specified in Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price), there is no requirement that there should be an adjustment of the Floor Price for any other corporate actions or
29

events that may affect the market price of the Conversion Shares, including, without limitation, as a result of any extraordinary distributions to the holders of Ordinary Shares.
Accordingly, the occurrence of corporate actions or events in respect of which no adjustment to the Floor Price is made may adversely affect (or, as the case may be, benefit) the value of the Notes.
Holders will have to submit a Conversion Notice in order to receive delivery o f the Conversion Shares and they (or their nominee, custodian or other representative) will have to have an account with a relevant clearing or settlement organisation (each a "Conversion Shares Clearing System ") in order to receive the Conversion Shares
In order to obtain delivery of the Conversion Shares or, as applicable, the relevant Alternative Consideration following a conversion, a Holder must deliver a Conversion Notice (and the relevant Note(s)) to the Settlement Shares Depositary in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (if the Notes are in definitive form) to the Settlement Shares Depositary (or an agent designated for the purpose in the Trigger Event Notice). The Conversion Notice must contain certain information, including the Holder's securities account details with a Conversion Shares Clearing System. Accordingly, Holders (or their nominee, custodian or other representative) will have to have an account with a Conversion Shares Clearing System in order to receive the Conversion Shares.
If a Holder fails to deliver its Conversion Notice and surrender the Note(s) held by it on or before the Notice Cut-off Date (a "Notice Cut-off Failure"), or if the Settlement Shares Depositary has determined (and, if practicable, notified such Holder) that the relevant Conversion Notice which was delivered is incomplete or invalid (an "Invalid Delivery"), then the Settlement Shares Depositary shall continue to hold the relevant Conversion Shares or the relevant Alternative Consideration, as the case may be, until:
(i) in the case of a Notice Cut-off Failure, such Holder provides evidence of its entitlement to the relevant Conversion Shares or the relevant Alternative Consideration, as applicable, satisfactory to the Settlement Shares Depositary in its sole and absolute discretion; or
(ii) in the case an Invalid Delivery, a duly completed and valid Conversion Notice is so delivered and the relevant Note(s) is/are so surrendered prior to the Notice Cut-off Date.
Thus, a Holder may not receive the relevant Conversion Shares or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Consideration if it fails to submit a Conversion Notice in the manner or within the prescribed period set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
The Issuer shall have no liability to any Holder for any loss resulting from such Holder not receiving any Conversion Shares or the relevant Alternative Consideration, as applicable, or from any delay in the receipt thereof, in each case as a result of such Holder failing to submit a valid Conversion Notice and surrender the relevant Note(s), on a timely basis or at all.
Receipt by the Settlement Shares Depositary o f the Conversion Shares shall irrevocably discharge and satisfy the Issuer's obligations in respect o f the Notes
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event and a conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), the Issuer's obligations in respect of such conversion shall be irrevocably discharged and satisfied by the conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares, credited as fully paid-up, in the manner and in the circumstances described in Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), and the issuance and delivery of such Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary (or, if the Issuer has been unable to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary, the delivery of such Conversion Shares pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Failure to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary)).
Provided that the Issuer so issues and delivers the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary, with effect on and from the Conversion Date, Holders shall have recourse only to the Settlement Shares Depositary for the delivery to them of such Conversion Shares or, subject to, and as provided in, Condition 7.6 (Conversion
30

Shares Offer), the Alternative Consideration. Subject as provided in Condition 4.1 (Status), if the Issuer fails to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary on the Conversion Date, a Holder's only right under the Notes against the Issuer for any such failure will be a claim to have such Conversion Shares so issued and delivered. By virtue of its holding of any Note, each Holder shall be deemed to have irrevocably agreed that, where (i) there is a delay or failure by the Issuer to deliver Conversion Shares pursuant to these Conditions and (ii) such Holder suffers a loss or losses, directly or indirectly, as a result of such delay or failure, it will not have any right or claim against the Issuer (or any other Person) for compensation (or any other form of damages) for such loss or losses.
Holders should note that, save as provided in Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer), there is no mechanism to receive cash in lieu of Conversion Shares. If a Holder does not wish (or is unable) to receive its Conversion Shares, it will be responsible for making its own arrangements in this regard with the Settlement Shares Depositary (or another Person being willing and able to assist). Such Holder should not rely on the Issuer or the Settlement Shares Depositary (or any other Person) being able to facilitate such arrangements.
In addition, the Issuer has not yet appointed a Settlement Shares Depositary and the Issuer may not be able to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary if a Trigger Event occurs. In such a scenario, the Issuer would inform Holders of any alternative arrangements in connection with the delivery of the Conversion Shares, and such arrangements may be disadvantageous to, and more restrictive on, the Holders. For example, such arrangements may involve Holders having to wait longer to receive their Conversion Shares than would be the case under the arrangements expected to be entered into with a Settlement Shares Depositary. Any delivery of the Conversion Shares by the Issuer to the relevant recipient in accordance with these alternative arrangements shall constitute a complete and irrevocable release of all of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes.
Holders may be obliged to make a take-over bid in case o f a Trigger Event if they take delivery o f Conversion Shares
In the case of a conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares, a Holder receiving Conversion Shares pursuant to such conversion may, if the Conversion Shares are then listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, have to make a take-over bid addressed to the Shareholders of the Issuer pursuant to the rules of the Consolidated Danish Act No. 12 of 8 January 2018, as amended, on Capital Markets, etc. (the "Danish Capital Markets Act") and the Danish Executive Order No. 1171 of 31 October 2017 on Takeover Bids if, as a result of such conversion, such Holder's shareholding in the Issuer, together with the shareholdings in the Issuer of any other Shareholder with whom the Holder acts in concert, in aggregate classify as, and entitle such Holder to a, "controlling influence" (as defined in Section 44 of the Danish Capital Markets Act) over the Issuer.
Holders may be subject to disclosure obligations and/or may need approval by the Issuer's regulators and other authorities
As the Notes are mandatorily (subject to, and as provided in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) convertible into Conversion Shares in certain prescribed circumstances described herein, an investment in the Notes will result in a Holder, upon any conversion of its Notes into Conversion Shares, having to:
(i) notify the Issuer, within two weeks, and the Issuer shall as quickly as possible register the contents of such notification with the Danish Business Authority, if (a) the voting rights attaching to such Holder's Ordinary Shares represent no less than 5 per cent. of the voting rights of the Issuer or of the share capital of the Issuer, or (b) any change occurs to a previously notified shareholding of Ordinary Shares to the effect that the thresholds of 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 90 or 100 per cent., or the thresholds of one-third or two-thirds, of the voting rights of the Issuer or of the share capital of the Issuer are reached or are no longer reached; and
(ii) if the Ordinary Shares are listed, upon the conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares, notify the Issuer and the Relevant Regulator, immediately, and the Issuer shall publish the contents of such notification, if (a) the voting rights attaching to such Holder's Ordinary Shares represent no less than 5 per cent. of the voting rights of the Issuer or of the share capital of the Issuer, or (b) any
31

change occurs to a previously notified shareholding of Ordinary Shares to the effect that the thresholds of 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50 or 90 per cent., or the thresholds of one-third or two-thirds, of the voting rights of the Issuer or of the share capital of the Issuer are reached or are no longer reached,
as set out in Section 55(1) of Consolidated Act No. 1089 of 14 September 2015, as amended, on Public and Private Limited Companies, Section 38(1) of the Danish Capital Markets Act and Section 3 of the Danish Executive Order No. 650 of 8 June 2017 on Majority Shareholders. Non-compliance with such disclosure requirements may lead to the incurrence by Holders of fines. Each potential investor should consult its own legal advisers as to the terms of the Notes (in particular as to conversion).
Furthermore, pursuant to Section 61 of the Danish Financial Business Act, the DFSA must approve any individual or legal entity, which directly or indirectly acquires a shareholding of more than 10 per cent. (a "qualified shareholding") in a financial undertaking such as the Issuer and any subsequent increase of such a shareholding that will result in a shareholding greater than 20 per cent., 33 per cent., and 50 per cent.
Approval to acquire a qualified shareholding must be obtained prior to the acquisition. According to Section 62 of the Danish Financial Business Act, the DFSA may withdraw the voting rights associated with the qualified shareholding if the Holder upon conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares does not comply with the duty to submit a prior application for approval of the qualified shareholding. Further, it follows that the DFSA shall withdraw the voting rights associated with the qualified shareholding if the DFSA subsequently has refused to approve the qualified shareholding. Notwithstanding that the DFSA does not approve the qualified shareholding, the Holder would still maintain ownership of the Conversion Shares.
There is no protection for Holders in the event o f a change o f control o f the Issuer and in such situation the Notes will remain convertible into Ordinary Shares o f the Issuerfollowing the occurrence o fa Trigger Event
In the event of a change of control of the Issuer, either implemented by the Issuer or as a result of an action of a third party acquirer, the Notes shall remain convertible into the Ordinary Shares of the Issuer upon the occurrence of the Trigger Event. The number and/or value of the Conversion Shares received by Holders following the relevant conversion may be less than Holders had expected.
Holders may lose a right to dividends, distributions or other rights emanating from the Conversion Shares in the event o f liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings o f the Issuer following a Trigger Event but prior to the Conversion Date
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer that occurs after the date on which a Trigger Event occurs but before the Conversion Date, the rights and claims (if any) of the Holders in respect of their Notes shall be limited to such amount, if any, as would have been payable to Holders on a return of assets in such liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer if the Conversion Date had occurred immediately before the occurrence of such liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. As a result, Holders may lose a right to dividends, distributions or other rights emanating from the Conversion Shares.
Risks related to the Notes generally
The Notes may not be a suitable investmentfor all investors
Each potential investor of the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Memorandum or any applicable supplement to this Offering Memorandum including, but not limited to, any taxation issues related to purchasing and/or holding the Notes;
32

(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments, i.e. U.S. Dollars, is different from the currency in which such potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated;
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalfo fEuroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, investors will have to rely on the clearing system procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer
The Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the Global Notes, investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are in global form, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
While the Notes are in global form, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to a common depositary. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in such a Global Note.
The Terms and Conditions o f the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent o f all investors
The Terms and Conditions o f the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings o f Holders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Any modification to the Terms and Conditions o f the Notes pursuant to the operation of such provisions is subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc ).
In addition, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), make any modification to the Notes, the Terms and Conditions o f the Notes, the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant which is not prejudicial to the interests o f the Holders without the consent o f the Holders. Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders.
Changes to any relevant laws or administrative practices could materially adversely impact the value o f the Notes
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be governed by the laws of England, except for Condition 4 (Status o f the Notes), Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation), Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), Condition 8.2 (Early redemption upon the occurrence o f a Special Event) and Condition 11 (Enforcement Events) which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish law. No assurance can be given as to the impact o f any possible judicial decision or change to the laws o f England or Denmark or administrative practice after the date of this Offering Memorandum and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.
33

Investors who purchase the Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple o f USD 200,000 may be adversely affected ifDefinitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued
The Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum denomination of USD 200,000 plus one or more higher integral multiples of USD 1,000. It is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of USD 200,000. In such a case a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than USD 200,000 in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of the Notes such that its holding amounts to a denomination.
If Definitive Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of USD 200,000 may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Interests o f the Joint-LeadManagers
Certain of the Joint-Lead Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future, engage in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.
34

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The Annual Reports of the Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2017 and 31 December 2016 (respectively, the "Annual Report 2017" and the "Annual Report 2016", and together, the "Annual Reports") shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Offering Memorandum, excluding the following sections:
(i) in respect of the Annual Report 2017:
· the section "Outlook for 2018 and financial target" on page 7 thereof;
(ii) in respect of the Annual Report 2016:
· the section "Outlook for 2017" in the "Executive summary" on page 7 thereof; and
· the seventh and eighth paragraphs in the section "New regulation" on page 19 thereof.
The financial statements in the Annual Reports have been audited.
The unaudited (but reviewed) interim report of the Group as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2018 (the "Interim report - first quarter 2018") shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Offering Memorandum, excluding the section "Outlook for 2018" in the "Executive summary" on page 6 thereof.
In relation to each of the documents deemed to be incorporated in this Offering Memorandum, the non incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum.
The sources of the consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' reports thereon and notes thereto) in the Interim report - first quarter 2018 and the Annual Reports incorporated by reference herein are as follows:

Information

Source

Income Statement for the Group for the first quarter period ended 31 Interim report - first quarter 2018

March 2018

pg. 28

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the first quarter Interim report - first quarter 2018

period ended 31 March 2018

pg. 29

Balance Sheet for the Group for the first quarter period ended 31 March Interim report - first quarter 2018

2018

pg. 30

Statement of Capital for the Group for the first quarter period ended 31 Interim report - first quarter 2018

March 2018

pgs. 31-33

Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the first quarter period ended 31 Interim report - first quarter 2018

March 2018

pg. 34

Notes to the Financial Statements for the first quarter period ended 31 Interim report - first quarter 2018

March 2018

pgs. 35-69

Statement by the Management as at and for the first quarter period ended Interim report - first quarter 2018

31 March 2018

pg. 70

Independent Auditors' Report for the Group for the first quarter period Interim report - first quarter 2018

35

ended 31 March 2018

pg. 71

Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2017 Annual Report 2017 pg. 48

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the year ended 31 Annual Report 2017 pg. 49 December 2017

Balance Sheet for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2017

Annual Report 2017 pg. 50

Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2017 Annual Report 2017 pgs. 51-54

Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December Annual Report 2017 pg. 55 2017

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group for the year ended 31 Annual Report 2017 pgs. 56-165 December 2017
Statement by the Management as at and for the year ended 31 December Annual Report 2017 pg. 188 2017

Independent Auditor's Report for the Group for the year ended 31 Annual Report 2017 pgs. 189-193 December 2017

Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016

Annual Report 2016 pg. 46

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016

Annual Report 2016 pg. 47

Balance Sheet for the Group as at 31 December 2016

Annual Report 2016 pg. 48

Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016

Annual Report 2016 pgs. 49-52

Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016 Annual Report 2016 pg. 53

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group as at and for the year ended

31 December 2016

Annual Report 2016 pgs. 54-157

Statement by the Management as at and for the year ended 31 December 2016

Annual Report 2016 pg. 180

Independent Auditors' Report for the Group as at and for the year ended 31

December 2016

Annual Report 2016 pg. 181-185

The Annual Report 2017 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at http://danskebank.eom/investor-relations/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/20l8/2/annual-report-20l7.pd1.

The Annual Report 2016 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at https://danskebank.eom/-/media/danske-bank-eom/file-cloud/2017/2/annual-report-2016.pdf.

The Interim report - first quarter 2018 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at https://danskebank.eom/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-eloud/2018/4/interim-report--first-auarter-2018-.la=en.pdf.
This Offering Memorandum is available for viewing at www.ise.ie.

36

OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes "herein shall have the same meanings in this "Overview o fProvisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form ".
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note
The Notes will initially be in the form of the Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, which will be deposited on or around the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in the Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, which will also be deposited on or around the Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on or after the Exchange Date, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in the Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of the Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange of a part of the Temporary Global Note) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:
(i) presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii) in either case, receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
Subject to the proviso that follows, the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the original principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as adjusted to reflect any reduction as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer; provided that (a) in no circumstances shall the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note and (b) with effect from the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall equal zero at all times thereafter.
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
Interests in the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Definitive Notes, if:
(i) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or
(ii) any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Enforcement Events) occurs.
Interests in the Permanent Global Note will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the Issuer, for Definitive Notes if, by reason of any change in the laws of Denmark, the Issuer will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be required if the Notes are in definitive form.
Definitive Notes will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery Coupons. Definitive Notes will also, if necessary, have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery Talons and the expression Coupons shall, where the context so requires, include Talons.
37

Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and, if necessary, Talons attached, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within thirty days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
Each Definitive Note shall state that its Outstanding Principal Amount (i) may be reduced as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer and (ii) with effect from the occurrence of a Trigger Event, shall equal zero at all times thereafter and that details of such Outstanding Principal Amount may be obtained during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent.
The Permanent Global Note also provides, inter alia, that:
(i) if Definitive Notes have not been delivered in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the day on which such Permanent Global Note becomes due to be exchanged; or
(ii) if (i) the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) becomes due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred, and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made on the due date for payment or (ii) following the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Conversion Shares have not been delivered to the Settlement Shares Depositary on or prior to the Conversion Date as described in, and subject to, the Conditions, by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date or the Conversion Date, as applicable,
then the Permanent Global Note will become void in accordance with its terms but without prejudice to the rights conferred by the Deed of Covenant.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the Terms and Conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below.
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes represented by one or more Global Notes will differ from those Terms and Conditions which would apply to the Notes were they in definitive form to the extent described in this "Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form".
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the relevant Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
Payments: The Holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of the Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the Holder of such Global Note. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of "Payment Business Day" set out in Condition 2.1 (Definitions).
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes and such Global Note(s) are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, the requirement in Condition 17 (Notices) for a notice to be published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe shall not apply and notices to Holders may instead be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective
38

records as having interests therein and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.
Conversion Notices: Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), while all the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes and such Global Note(s) are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system: (i) each Person (other than Clearstream, Luxembourg, if Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be an accountholder
of Euroclear, and Euroclear, if Euroclear shall be an accountholder of Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes (each an "Account Holder") (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, save in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes) shall be treated as the Holder of that principal amount of the Notes; and (ii) in connection with a conversion of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), each Account Holder may, as the relevant Holder for such purpose, deliver a Conversion Notice to the Settlement Shares Depositary (or an agent designated for the purpose in the Trigger Event Notice) in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg on or before the Notice Cut-off Date (which may include notice being given on its instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Settlement Shares Depositary (or an agent designated for the purpose in the Trigger Event Notice) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. Any reference in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to the delivery of Conversion Notices shall be construed accordingly. Legend concerning United States persons Global Notes, Definitive Notes and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." Clearing Systems Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders.
39

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
Thefollowing is the text o f the Terms and Conditions o f the Notes which will be endorsed on each Definitive Note. The Terms and Conditions applicable to any Global Note will differfrom those Terms and Conditions which would apply to a Definitive Note to the extent described under "Overview o fProvisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form " above.

1.

Introduction

1.1 Notes: The USD 750,000,000 Perpetual Non-cumulative Resettable Additional Tier 1 Convertible Capital Notes (the "Notes") are issued by Danske Bank A/S (the "Issuer").

1.2 Issue and Paying Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 26 June 2018 (as supplemented, amended and/or replaced from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such and together with any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the "Paying Agents").

1.3 Deed o f Covenant: The Notes have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 26 June 2018 (as supplemented, amended and/or replaced from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant").

1.4 Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Holders") and the holders of the interest coupons (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Holders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of each of the Paying Agents.

2.

Interpretation

2.1 Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

"2014 RTS" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for own funds requirements for institutions, as amended or replaced from time to time;

"7-year Treasury Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Interest Period and the Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date in relation to such Reset Interest Period:

(i) the percentage rate per annum equal to the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond as determined by the Fiscal Agent by reference to the Screen Page at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date; or

(ii) if such rate does not appear on the Screen Page at such time on such Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date;

"Additional Tier 1 Capital" means capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or successor term) under CRD IV requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and the Group;

"Alternative Consideration" means, in respect of each Note and as determined by the Issuer:

(i) if all of the Conversion Shares are sold in the Conversion Shares Offer, the pro-rata share of the cash proceeds from the sale of such Conversion Shares attributable to such Note (converted into

40

USD at the Prevailing Exchange Rate as of the day which is three Settlement Shares Depositary Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement Date) as determined by the Settlement Shares Depositary, and less the pro-rata share of any foreign exchange transaction costs and an amount equal to the pro-rata share of any taxes or duties (including, without limitation, any capital, stamp, issue and registration and transfer taxes or duties) that may arise or be paid in connection with the issue and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer;
(ii) if some, but not all of the Conversion Shares are sold in the Conversion Shares Offer, (a) the pro rata share of the cash proceeds from the sale of such Conversion Shares attributable to such Note (converted into USD at the Prevailing Exchange Rate as of the day which is three Settlement Shares Depositary Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement Date) as determined by the Settlement Shares Depositary, and less the pro-rata share of any foreign exchange transaction costs and an amount equal to the pro-rata share of any taxes or duties (including, without limitation, any capital, stamp, issue and registration and transfer taxes or duties) that may arise or be paid in connection with the issue and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer and (b) the pro-rata share of such Conversion Shares not sold pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer attributable to such Note rounded down to the nearest whole number of Conversion Shares; and
(iii) if no Conversion Shares are sold in the Conversion Shares Offer, the relevant number of Conversion Shares which would have been received had the Issuer not elected that the Settlement Shares Depositary should carry out a Conversion Shares Offer;
"BRRD" means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time;
"Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Copenhagen, New York City and London;
"Calculation Amount" means USD 1,000 (the "Original Calculation Amount"), provided that if the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note is reduced as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent shall (i) adjust the Calculation Amount on a pro-rata basis to account for such reduction and (ii) notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the details of such adjustment;
"Capital Event" means, at any time, on or after the Issue Date, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that results or will result in:
(i) their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; or
(ii) reclassification, in whole or in part, as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group,
in each case provided that the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that the regulatory reclassification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance and the Relevant Regulator considers the change to be sufficiently certain;
"Cash Dividend" means any Dividend in cash (in whatever currency);
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986;
41

"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital" means common equity tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with CRD IV requirements and any applicable transitional arrangements under CRD IV;

"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio" means:

(i)

in relation to the Issuer, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount of the

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer divided by the Risk Exposure Amounts of the Issuer;

and

(ii)

in relation to the Group, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount of the

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Group divided by the Risk Exposure Amounts of the

Group,

in each case, all as calculated by the Issuer at any time in accordance with CRD IV requirements and any applicable transitional arrangements under CRD IV and reported to the Relevant Regulator;

"Contractual Currency" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 18 (Currency Indemnity);

"Conversion Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.2 (Effect o f Trigger Event);

"Conversion Notice" means a notice in the form for the time being currently available from the Specified Office of any Paying Agent and which is required to be delivered to the Settlement Shares Depositary (or its agent(s) designated for the purpose in the Trigger Event Notice) in connection with the conversion of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event);

"Conversion Price" means, if the Ordinary Shares are:

(i) then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the greater of:

(a) the Current Market Price of an Ordinary Share on the Conversion Date converted into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate; and

(b) the Floor Price on the Conversion Date; or

(ii) not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Floor Price on the Conversion Date;

"Conversion Shares" means the Ordinary Shares which are issued as a result of the conversion of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) (and each a "Conversion Share");

"Conversion Shares Offer" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer);

"Conversion Shares Offer Price" means the price per Conversion Share specified as such in the Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice. The Conversion Shares Offer Price shall be, if the Ordinary Shares are:

(i) then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Current Market Price as at the Conversion Date; or

(ii) not then admitted to trading on a Relevant Stock Exchange, the Fair Market Value of the Conversion Shares as at the Conversion Date;

42

"Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer);
"Conversion Shares Offer Period" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer);
"Coupon Sheet" means, in relation to a Note, the coupon sheet relating to that Note;
"CRD IV" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures;
"CRD IV Directive" means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time;
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof);
"CRR" means the Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time;
"Current M arket Price" means, in respect of a particular date, the average of the daily Volume Weighted Average Price of an Ordinary Share on each of the five consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Dealing Day immediately preceding such date; provided that, if at any time during the said five-Dealing Day period, the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price ex-dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) and during some other part of that period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-dividend (or cum- any other entitlement), then:
(i) if the Conversion Shares do not rank for the Cash Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Ordinary Shares shall have been based on a price cum-dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) shall, for the purposes of this definition, be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement relating to such dividend or entitlement, in any such case, determined on a gross basis and disregarding any withholding or deduction required to be made on account of tax, and disregarding any associated tax credit; or
(ii) if the Conversion Shares do rank for the Cash Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Ordinary Shares shall have been based on a price ex-dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) shall, for the purposes of this definition, be deemed to be the amount thereof increased by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement relating to such dividend or entitlement, in any such case, determined on a gross basis and disregarding any withholding or deduction required to be made on account of tax, and disregarding any associated tax credit,
and provided further that:
43

(1) if on each of the said five Dealing Days, the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) in respect of a dividend (or other entitlement) which has been declared or announced but the Conversion Shares do not rank for that dividend (or other entitlement), the Volume Weighted Average Price on each of such dates shall, for the purposes of this definition, be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement relating to such dividend or entitlement, in any such case, determined on a gross basis and disregarding any withholding or deduction required to be made on account of tax, and disregarding any associated tax credit; and
(2) if the Volume Weighted Average Price of an Ordinary Share is not available on one or more of the said five Dealing Days (disregarding for this purpose the proviso to the definition of Volume Weighted Average Price), then the average of such Volume Weighted Average Prices which are available in that five-Dealing Day period shall be used (subject to a minimum of two such prices) and if only one, or no, such Volume Weighted Average Price is available in the relevant period, the Current Market Price shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser;
"Danish Bankruptcy Act" means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 11 of 6 January 2014, as amended);
"DBA" means the Danish Business Authority (in Danish: "Erhvervsstyrelsen") and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having responsibility for registering any changes in the share capital of the Issuer;
"Danish Financial Business Act" means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 1140 of 26 September 2017, as amended);
"Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other Person (or suspended for a temporary period);
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"), "30/360" which means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction [360x(Y2 - Y ) ] + [30x(M 2 M ) ] + (d 2 - D ) 360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls;
44

"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number is 31, in which case Di will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1is greater than 29, in which case D2will be 30;
"Dealing Day" means a day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange or relevant stock exchange or securities market is open for business and on which Ordinary Shares, Securities, options, warrants or other rights (as the case may be) may be dealt in (other than a day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange or relevant stock exchange or securities market is scheduled to or does close prior to its regular weekday closing time);
"Distributable Items" means, as prescribed by CRD IV, the amount of the profits at the end of the last financial year plus any profits brought forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of own funds instruments less any losses brought forward, profits which are non-distributable pursuant to provisions in legislation or the institution's by-laws and sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with applicable national law or the statutes of the institution, those losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the individual accounts of the institution and not on the basis of the consolidated accounts, or any successor provision thereto;
"Dividend" means any dividend or distribution in respect of the Ordinary Shares which is to be paid or made to Shareholders as a class, whether of cash, assets or other property, and however described and whether payable out of share premium account, profits, retained earnings or any other capital or revenue reserve or account, and including a distribution or payment to Shareholders upon or in connection with a reduction of capital;
"DKK" means Danish Kroner;
"Effective Date" means, in the case of an adjustment to the Floor Price pursuant to paragraph (iii) of Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price), the first day on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Relevant Stock Exchange;
"Enforcement Events" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11 (Enforcement Events);
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to such term in the Agency Agreement;
"Fair M arket Value" means, with respect to any property on any date, the fair market value of that property as determined by an Independent Adviser in good faith, provided that:
(i) the Fair Market Value of any cash amount shall be the amount of such cash;
(ii) where Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded on a stock exchange or securities market of adequate liquidity (as determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser), the Fair Market Value of:
(a) such Securities shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily Volume Weighted Average Prices of such Securities; and
(b) such options, warrants or other rights shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily closing prices of such options, warrants or other rights,
in either case, during the five-Dealing Day period (in respect of the relevant stock exchange or securities market) commencing on such date (or, if later, the first such Dealing Day such Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded) or such shorter period as such Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded;
45

(iii) where Securities, options, warrants or other rights are not publicly traded on a stock exchange or securities market of adequate liquidity (as aforesaid), the Fair Market Value of such Securities, options, warrants or other rights shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser, on the basis of a commonly accepted market valuation method and taking account of such factors as it considers appropriate, including the market price per Ordinary Share, the dividend yield of an Ordinary Share, the volatility of such market price, prevailing interest rates and the terms of such Securities, options, warrants or other rights, including as to the expiry date and exercise price (if any) thereof.
Save for the Fair Market Value determination referred to in the definition of "Conversion Shares Offer Price", such amounts shall, in the case of (i) above, be converted into the Relevant Currency (if declared, announced, made, paid or payable in a currency other than the Relevant Currency, and if the relevant dividend is payable at the option of the Issuer or a Shareholder in any currency additional to the Relevant Currency, the relevant dividend shall be treated as payable in the Relevant Currency) at the rate of exchange used to determine the amount payable to Shareholders who were paid or are to be paid or are entitled to be paid the Cash Dividend in the Relevant Currency; and, in any other case, shall be converted into the Relevant Currency (if expressed in a currency other than the Relevant Currency) at the Prevailing Exchange Rate on that date. In addition, the Fair Market Value shall be determined on a gross basis and disregarding any withholding or deduction required to be made on account of tax, and disregarding any associated tax credit;
"First Call Date" means 26 June 2025;
"First Interest Payment Date" means 26 December 2018;
"Floor Price" means USD 23.97, subject to adjustment thereafter in accordance with Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price), provided that the Floor Price shall not be less than the par value of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Conversion Date converted into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate;
"Group" means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries and other entities that are consolidated in the Issuer's calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a consolidated level in accordance with CRD IV requirements;
"Initial Period" means the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the First Call Date;
"Initial Rate of Interest" means 7.000 per cent. per annum;
"Interest Payment Date" means 26 June and 26 December in each year from (and including) 26 December 2018;
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;
"Issue Date" means 26 June 2018;
"Latest Conversion Shares Offer Election Date" means the 10th Business Day following the Conversion Date;
"Long-Stop Date" means the date specified as such in the Trigger Event Notice, which date shall be at least 15 Business Days following the Notice Cut-off Date;
"Margin" means 4.130 per cent.;
"Maximum Distributable Amount" means any maximum distributable amount relating to the Issuer and/or the Group (if any) which is determined pursuant to Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive (or, as the
46

case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive), or any successor provision thereto;
"Notice Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the Trigger Event Notice, which date shall be at least 20 Business Days following the Conversion Date;
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" means the First Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter;
"Ordinary Shares" means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer (and each an "Ordinary Share");
"Original Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Calculation Amount;
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in respect of a Note, the outstanding principal amount of such Note, as adjusted from time to time for any reduction as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer and "Outstanding Principal Amounts" means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note;
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (i) the relevant place of presentation and (ii) New York City;
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;
"Prevailing Exchange Rate" means, in relation to any two currencies and any day:
(i) for the purposes of the definition of Alternative Consideration, the executable bid quotation obtained by the Settlement Shares Depositary which is most favourable to the relevant Holder, out of quotations obtained by it from three recognised foreign exchange dealers selected by the Settlement Shares Depositary, for value on such day; and
(ii) for all other purposes, the prevailing market currency exchange rate at the time at which such rate is determined in the relevant market for foreign exchange transactions in such currencies for value on such day, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion and acting in a commercially reasonable manner;
"Qualifying Capital Notes" means, at any time, any securities (other than the Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that:
(i) (a) contain terms which at such time comply with CRD IV requirements in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in such securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or both of the Special Event redemption events which are included in the Notes) and (b) provide at least the same amount of regulatory capital recognition as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation); and
(ii) carry the same rate of interest, including for the avoidance of doubt any reset provisions, from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation); and
(iii) have the same Outstanding Principal Amounts as the Notes prior to substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation); and
47

(iv) rank pari passu with the Notes prior to the substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation); and
(v) shall not at such time be subject to a Special Event; and
(vi) have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal Agent's Specified Office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation), the date such variation becomes effective; and
(vii) if the Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange, as selected by the Issuer;
"Rate of Interest" means:
(i) in the case of each Interest Period falling in the Initial Period, the Initial Rate of Interest; or
(ii) in the case of each Interest Period thereafter, the sum of (a) the Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the Reset Interest Period in which such Interest Period falls and (b) the Margin,
all as determined by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with Condition 5 (Interest);
"Reference Bond" means, in relation to any Reset Interest Period, the U.S. Treasury security, as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in USD and with a maturity date falling on or around the last day of such Reset Interest Period;
"Reference Bond Quotation" means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Fiscal Agent, of the bid and offered yields for the relevant Reference Bond provided to the Fiscal Agent by such Reset Reference Bank at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date;
"Relevant Amounts" means the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes, together with any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 10 (Taxation)) due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority;
"Relevant Currency" means the currency in which the Ordinary Shares are quoted or dealt in on the Relevant Stock Exchange at such time;
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices);
"Relevant Regulator" means the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, as determined by the Issuer;
48

"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer;
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S or, if at the relevant time the Ordinary Shares are not at that time listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, the principal stock exchange or securities market (if any) on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed, admitted to trading or quoted or accepted for dealing;
"Reset Date" means the First Call Date and each day which falls on the seventh anniversary of the immediately preceding Reset Date;
"Reset Interest Amount" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.4 (Determination o f Reset Rate o fInterest in relation to a Reset Interest Period);
"Reset Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the First Call Date or any Reset Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Reset Date;
"Reset Rate of Interest" means, in relation to a Reset Interest Period, the 7-year Treasury Rate determined for such Reset Interest Period by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with Condition 5 (Interest);
"Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date" means, in relation to a Reset Interest Period, the day falling two Business Days prior to the Reset Date on which such Reset Interest Period commences;
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Interest Period and the Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date in relation to such Reset Interest Period, the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Fiscal Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date. If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Interest Period will be (i) in the case of each Reset Interest Period other than the Reset Interest Period commencing on the First Call Date, the 7year Treasury Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the Reset Interest Period commencing on the First Call Date, 2.870 per cent. per annum;
"Reset Reference Banks" means five banks which are primary U.S. Treasury securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in USD (excluding the Fiscal Agent or any of its affiliates), as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Fiscal Agent;
"Risk Exposure Amounts" means the aggregate amount of the risk exposure amounts (or any equivalent or successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with CRD IV requirements and any applicable transitional arrangements under CRD IV;
"Screen Page" means Bloomberg page PX1 or such other page as may replace it on Bloomberg or, as the case may be, on such other information service that may replace Bloomberg, in each case, as may be nominated by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international standing for the purpose of displaying yields for the relevant Reference Bond;
"Securities" means any securities including, without limitation, shares in the capital of the Issuer (and each a "Security");
49

"Settlement Date" means:
(i) with respect to any Note in relation to which a Conversion Notice is received by the Settlement Shares Depositary (or its designated agent) on or before the Notice Cut-off Date in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Conversion Settlement):
(a) where (A) the Issuer has not delivered a Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer) on or prior to the Latest Conversion Shares Offer Election Date or (B) the Issuer announces prior to the Latest Conversion Shares Offer Election Date (such announcement, the "No Conversion Shares Offer Announcement" and the date of the No Conversion Shares Offer Announcement, the "No Conversion Shares Offer Announcement Date") that it will not deliver a Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice, the date that is two Business Days after the latest of:
(x) the earliest of the Latest Conversion Shares Offer Election Date and the No Conversion Shares Announcement Date; and
(y) the date on which the relevant Conversion Notice has been so received; or
(b) where the Issuer has delivered a Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer) on or prior to the Latest Conversion Shares Offer Election Date, the date that is two Business Days after the latest of (A) the date on which the Conversion Shares Offer Period either expires or is terminated in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer) and (B) the date on which the relevant Conversion Notice has been so received; and
(ii) with respect to any Note in relation to which a Conversion Notice is not so received by the Settlement Shares Depositary (or its designated agent) on or before the Notice Cut-off Date, the date on which the Settlement Shares Depositary delivers the relevant Conversion Shares or the relevant Alternative Consideration, as applicable, to the relevant Holder;
"Settlement Shares Depositary" means a reputable financial institution, trust company or similar entity (which in each such case is wholly independent of the Issuer) to be appointed by the Issuer on or prior to any date when a function ascribed to the Settlement Shares Depositary in these Conditions is required to be performed to perform such function and which will hold the Conversion Shares (and any Alternative Consideration, if applicable) on trust (or other similar arrangement) for Holders in one or more segregated accounts, unless otherwise required to be transferred out of such accounts for the purposes of a Conversion Shares Offer, and otherwise on terms consistent with these Conditions;
"Settlement Shares Depositary Business Day" means a day on which the Settlement Shares Depositary is open for general business;
"Shareholders" means the holders of Ordinary Shares (and each a "Shareholder");
"Share Register" means the register maintained by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in relation to the Ordinary Shares;
"Special Event" means either a Tax Event or a Capital Event;
"Specified Office" has the meaning given to such term in the Agency Agreement;
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person (the "second Person"):
50

(i) whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or
(ii) whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person;
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons;
"Tax Event" means, as a result of any official change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer receives an opinion of external counsel in Denmark that:
(i) it would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation); or
(ii) it will no longer be able to obtain a full tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of interest under the Notes,
in each case provided that the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that such change in tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance;
"Trigger Event" means that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group has fallen below the Trigger Event Threshold, as determined at any time by the Issuer, the Relevant Regulator or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Relevant Regulator, as the case may be, and such determination shall be binding on the Holders; "Trigger Event Notice" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.1 (Notice Following a Trigger Event);
"Trigger Event Redemption Restriction" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7.2 (Effect o f Trigger Event);
"Trigger Event Threshold" means 7.000 per cent.;
"U.S. Dollars" and "USD" mean United States dollars; and
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, in respect of an Ordinary Share or Security on any Dealing Day, the order book volume-weighted average price of such Ordinary Share or Security published by or derived (in the case of the Ordinary Shares) from the relevant Bloomberg page or (in the case of Securities (other than the Ordinary Shares)) from the principal stock exchange or securities market on which such Securities are then listed or quoted or dealt in, if any or, in any such case, such other source as shall be determined in good faith to be appropriate by an Independent Adviser on such Dealing Day, provided that if on any such Dealing Day such price is not available or cannot otherwise be determined as provided above, the Volume Weighted Average Price of an Ordinary Share or Security, as the case may be, in respect of such Dealing Day shall be the Volume Weighted Average Price, determined as provided above, on the immediately preceding Dealing Day on which the same can be so determined or determined as an Independent Adviser might otherwise determine in good faith to be appropriate.
51

2.2 Interpretation: In these Conditions:

(i) Notes and Holders shall respectively be deemed to include references to Coupons and Couponholders, if relevant;
(ii) references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;

(iii) any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Outstanding Principal Amount(s), any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

(iv) any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

(v) references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency Agreement;

(vi) any reference to a numbered "Condition" shall be to the relevant Condition in these Conditions; and

(vii) any reference to any legislation, any provision thereof or to any instrument, order or regulation made thereunder shall be construed as a reference to such legislation, provision, instrument, order or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, replaced or re enacted.

3.

Form, Denomination and Title

3.1 Form o fNotes and denominations: The Notes are in bearer form, serially numbered, in the denominations of USD 200,000 and integral multiples of USD 1,000 in excess thereof up to (and including) USD 399,000, each with Coupons and, if necessary, Talons attached on issue. Notes of one denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another denomination.

The Outstanding Principal Amounts may be reduced as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer. Any such reduction to the Outstanding Principal Amounts will not have any effect on the denominations of the Notes.

3.2 Title: Title to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.

4.

Status of the Notes

4.1 Status: The Notes (in Danish: "kapitalbeviser") on issue constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer under CRD IV requirements.

Subject to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank:

(i) pari passu without any preference among themselves;

(ii) pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;

52

(iii) senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (b) other subordinated creditors of the Issuer (other than present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Notes).

In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer that occurs after the date on which a Trigger Event occurs but before the Conversion Date, the rights and claims (if any) of the Holders in respect of their Notes shall be limited to such amount, if any, as would have been payable to Holders on a return of assets in such liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer if the Conversion Date had occurred immediately before the occurrence of such liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

4.2 No right o fset-offor counterclaim: In accordance with Danish law, no Holder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Holder.

In respect o f this Condition 4, reference is also made to statutory loss absorption as morefully described in the riskfactor in this Offering Memorandum entitled "The Council o f the European Union has adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range o f actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk o ffailing. In certain limited circumstances, it is possible that the implementation o f the directive or the taking o f any action under it could affect the value o f any Notes ".

5.

Interest

5.1 Interest rate: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amounts at the relevant Rate of Interest from (and including) the Issue Date. Interest shall be payable semi-annually in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation) and Condition 9 (Payments). The first payment of interest will be made on 26 December 2018.
5.2 Accrual o f interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect thereof is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of:

(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder; and

(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent non-payment).
5.3 Interest to (but excluding) the First Call Date: Unless the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the definition thereof, the amount of interest per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date in relation to an Interest Period falling in the Initial Period will be USD 35.00.
If the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the definition thereof, Condition 5.6 (Calculation o f amount o f interestper Calculation Amount) will apply.

53

5.4 Determination o f Reset Rate o f Interest in relation to a Reset Interest Period: The Fiscal Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on each Reset Rate of Interest Determination Date in relation to a Reset Interest Period, determine:
(i) the Reset Rate of Interest for such Reset Interest Period and the Rate of Interest in relation to each Interest Period falling in such Reset Interest Period; and
(ii) calculate the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount on the Interest Payment Dates in relation to each Interest Period falling in such Reset Interest Period (each a "Reset Interest Amount").
5.5 Publication o f Reset Rate o f Interest, Rate o f Interest and Reset Interest Amount: With respect to each Reset Interest Period, the Fiscal Agent will cause the relevant Reset Rate of Interest, the relevant Rate of Interest and the relevant Reset Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Dates in relation to each Interest Period falling in such Reset Interest Period, to be notified to the Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the relevant Reset Date. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).
5.6 Calculation o f amount o f interest per Calculation Amount: Save as specified in Condition 5.3 (Interest to (but excluding) the First Call Date), the amount of interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reset Interest Amount) for any period shall be calculated by:
(i) applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount;
(ii) multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and
(iii) rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards).
If as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Outstanding Principal Amounts are reduced during an Interest Period, the Calculation Amount will be adjusted by the Fiscal Agent to reflect such Outstanding Principal Amounts from time to time so that the relevant amount of interest is determined by reference to such Calculation Amount as adjusted from time to time, all as determined by the Fiscal Agent.
5.7 Calculation o f amount o f interest per Note: The amount of interest payable in respect of a Note shall be the product of:
(i) the amount of interest per Calculation Amount; and
(ii) the number by which the Original Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to equal the denomination of such Note.
5.8 Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 by the Fiscal Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Holders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.
54

6.

Interest Cancellation

6.1 Interest Cancellation: Any payment of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any additional interest amounts payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Taxation)) in respect of the Notes shall be payable only out of the Issuer's Distributable Items and:

(i) may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer in its sole discretion; or

(ii) will be mandatorily cancelled, in whole or in part, to the extent:

(a) that, if the relevant payment were so made, the amount of such payment, when aggregated together with other distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141 (2) of the CRD IV Directive (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing Article 141 (2) of the CRD IV Directive), or any successor thereto, would cause any Maximum Distributable Amount to be exceeded; or

(b) otherwise so required by CRD IV, including the applicable criteria for Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments.

6.2 Notice o fInterest Cancellation: The Issuer shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of any such cancellation of a payment of interest, which notice might be given after the date on which the relevant payment of interest is scheduled to be made. Notwithstanding the foregoing, failure to give such notice shall not prejudice the right of the Issuer not to pay interest as described above.

6.3 Effect o f Interest Cancellation: Following any cancellation of interest as described above, the right of Holders to receive accrued interest in respect of any such Interest Period will terminate and the Issuer will have no further obligation to pay such interest or to pay interest thereon, whether or not payments of interest in respect of subsequent Interest Periods are made, and such unpaid interest will not be deemed to have "accrued" or been earned for any purpose nor will the non-payment of such interest constitute an Enforcement Event.

7.

Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event

7.1 Notice Following a Trigger Event: If at any time a Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall immediately notify the Relevant Regulator and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Holders (such notice, a "Trigger Event Notice") and the Notes will be converted into Conversion Shares as provided in this Condition 7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, failure to give such notice shall not prejudice the conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares as described below.

The Trigger Event Notice shall specify the Conversion Price then prevailing (which Conversion Price shall, if applicable, remain subject to any subsequent (i) change pursuant to the operation of the definition thereof and/or (ii) adjustment pursuant to Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price) up to the Conversion Date), the Conversion Date, the Notice Cut-off Date and the Long-Stop Date and, to the extent available, details of the Settlement Shares Depositary or alternative settlement arrangements. As soon as the Conversion Price prevailing as at the Conversion Date has been determined, the Issuer shall immediately notify the Relevant Regulator and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Holders.

7.2 Effect o f Trigger Event: If at any time a Trigger Event occurs:

(i) each Note shall, subject to and as provided in this Condition 7, be irrevocably discharged and satisfied by its conversion into Conversion Shares, credited as fully paid-up, in the manner and in the circumstances described below, and the issuance and delivery of such Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary, to be held on trust (or other similar arrangement) (which trust (or

55

other similar arrangement) must be on terms permitting a Conversion Shares Offer in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer)) for the Holders, as provided below;
(ii) such conversion shall take place without delay and in any event not later than one month following the occurrence of such Trigger Event (such date on which conversion is to occur shall be specified in the Trigger Event Notice and is referred to in these Conditions as the "Conversion Date");
(iii) the Notes will be converted in whole and not in part on the Conversion Date as provided below, at which point all of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be irrevocably discharged and satisfied by the Issuer's issuance and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary no later than the Conversion Date; and
(iv) with effect from the occurrence o f such Trigger Event:
(a) no Holder will have any rights against the Issuer with respect to the repayment o f the Outstanding Principal Amounts o f the Notes or the payment o f interest or other amount on or in respect o f the Notes (other than, in the case o f a liquidation or bankruptcy o f the Issuer that occurs after the date on which such Trigger Event occurs but before the Conversion Date, any amounts payable to Holders in such circumstances as described in the last paragraph of Condition 4.1 (Status)) and the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes shall equal zero at all times thereafter;
(b) any interest otherwise falling due on any date which falls on or after the date on which such Trigger Event occurs shall be deemed to have been cancelled upon the occurrence of such Trigger Event and shall not become due and payable; and
(c) each Holder's only right under the Notes against the Issuer will be a claim to have the Conversion Shares issued and delivered as described in, and subject to the provisions of, this Condition 7.
Except where the Issuer has been unable to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary as contemplated in Condition 7.4 (Failure to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary), the Conversion Shares shall be delivered to the Settlement Shares Depositary in the manner described in Condition 7.5 (Conversion Settlement) and the Settlement Shares Depositary shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer)) hold such Conversion Shares on trust (or other similar arrangement) for the Holders. By virtue o f its holding o f any Note, each Holder shall be deemed to have irrevocably directed the Issuer to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary.
Provided that the Issuer so issues and delivers the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary, with effect on and from the Conversion Date, Holders shall have recourse only to the Settlement Shares Depositary for the delivery to them o f such Conversion Shares or, subject to, and as provided in, Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer), the Alternative Consideration. Subject as provided in Condition 4.1 (Status), if the Issuer fails to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary on the Conversion Date, a Holder's only right under the Notes against the Issuer for any such failure will be a claim to have such Conversion Shares so issued and delivered. By virtue of its holding of any Note, each Holder shall be deemed to have irrevocably agreed that, where (i) there is a delay or failure by the Issuer to deliver Conversion Shares pursuant to these Conditions and (ii) such Holder suffers a loss or losses, directly or indirectly, as a result of such delay or failure, it will not have any right or claim against the Issuer (or any other Person) for compensation (or any other form o f damages) for such loss or losses.
Subject to, and as provided in, Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer), for so long as the Conversion Shares are held by the Settlement Shares Depositary, each Holder shall be entitled to direct the Settlement Shares Depositary to exercise on its behalf all rights of an ordinary shareholder (including voting rights and rights to receive dividends) which it would otherwise have if it (rather than the Settlement Shares Depositary) held the relevant Conversion Shares, except that such Holder shall not be able to sell or
56

otherwise transfer the relevant Conversion Shares unless and until such time as they have been delivered to the relevant Holder in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Conversion Settlement).
Following the issuance and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary on the Conversion Date, the Note(s) of a Holder shall remain in existence until the applicable Settlement Date (or, if earlier or to the extent not cancelled on the applicable Settlement Date, the Long-Stop Date) for the purpose only of evidencing such Holder's rights as aforesaid to receive the relevant Conversion Shares or the relevant Alternative Consideration, as the case may be, to be delivered by the Settlement Shares Depositary in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Conversion Settlement).
Notes, once converted into Conversion Shares, may not be reconverted back into Notes.
If a Trigger Event occurs after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption upon the occurrence o f a Special Event) or Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option o f the Issuer) but before the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the relevant redemption shall not be made. The redemption restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the "Trigger Event Redemption Restriction".
Such conversion of the Notes into Conversion Shares shall not constitute an Enforcement Event.
7.3 No option to convert: The Notes are not convertible into Ordinary Shares at the option of the Holders at any time.
7.4 Failure to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary: If the Issuer has been unable to appoint a Settlement Shares Depositary, it shall make such other arrangements for the Conversion Shares to be issued and delivered (or for Alternative Consideration to be delivered) to the Holders as it considers reasonable in the circumstances, which may include issuing and delivering the Conversion Shares to another independent nominee to be held on trust (or other similar arrangement) (which trust (or other similar arrangement) must be on terms permitting a Conversion Shares Offer in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer)) for the Holders or to the Holders directly, which issuance and delivery shall irrevocably discharge and satisfy all of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes as if the relevant Conversion Shares had been issued and delivered to the Settlement Shares Depositary and, in which case, where the context so admits, references in these Conditions to the issue and delivery of Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary shall be construed accordingly and apply mutatis mutandis.
7.5 Conversion Settlement:
(i) On the relevant Settlement Date, each Holder shall receive delivery (free of payment) of:
(a) except where sub-paragraph (b) below applies, such number of Conversion Shares as is calculated in respect of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Note(s) held by such Holder in accordance with Condition 7.7 (Conversion Price); or
(b) if the Issuer has delivered a Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Conversion Shares Offer) on or prior to the Latest Conversion Shares Offer Election Date, Alternative Consideration, calculated in accordance with the definition of "Alternative Consideration".
(ii) In order to obtain delivery from the Settlement Shares Depositary of Conversion Shares or, as applicable, the relevant Alternative Consideration following a conversion, each Holder must deliver a duly completed Conversion Notice and surrender the relevant Note(s) to the Settlement Shares Depositary (or an agent designated for the purpose in the Trigger Event Notice) on or before the Notice Cut-off Date. If such delivery is made after the end of normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Settlement Shares Depositary (or, as appropriate, its designated agent as aforesaid) or on a day which is not a Settlement Shares Depositary Business Day, such delivery
57

shall be deemed for all purposes of these Conditions to have been made or given on the next following Settlement Shares Depositary Business Day.
(iii) If a Holder fails to deliver such Conversion Notice and surrender the Note(s) held by it on or before the Notice Cut-off Date (a "Notice Cut-off Failure"), or if the Settlement Shares Depositary has determined (and, if practicable, notified such Holder) that the relevant Conversion Notice which was delivered is incomplete or invalid (an "Invalid Delivery"), then the Settlement Shares Depositary shall continue to hold the relevant Conversion Shares or the relevant Alternative Consideration, as the case may be, until:
(a) in the case of a Notice Cut-off Failure, such Holder provides evidence of its entitlement to the relevant Conversion Shares or the relevant Alternative Consideration, as applicable, satisfactory to the Settlement Shares Depositary in its sole and absolute discretion; or
(b) in the case an Invalid Delivery, a duly completed and valid Conversion Notice is so delivered and the relevant Note(s) is/are so surrendered prior to the Notice Cut-off Date.
The Issuer shall have no liability to any Holder for any loss resulting from such Holder not receiving any Conversion Shares or the relevant Alternative Consideration, as applicable, or from any delay in the receipt thereof, in each case as a result of such Holder failing to submit a valid Conversion Notice and surrender the relevant Note(s), on a timely basis or at all.
(iv) Any determination as to whether any Conversion Notice has been properly completed and delivered and whether the relevant Note(s) has/have been surrendered as provided in these Conditions shall be made by the Settlement Shares Depositary in its sole discretion and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Holders.
(v) If, at the time of the conversion of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 7, the Conversion Shares are capable of being delivered in uncertificated book-entry form through a clearing or settlement organisation, subject as provided in this Condition 7:
(a) the issuance and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary as described in Condition 7.2 (Effect o f Trigger Event) will be effected by way of the delivery of the Conversion Shares to a securities account maintained by the Settlement Shares Depositary with such clearing or settlement organisation; and
(b) in the case of each Holder, the Settlement Shares Depositary shall deliver the relevant Conversion Shares (or the Conversion Share component of any Alternative Consideration) to the securities account with such clearing or settlement organisation specified by such Holder in the relevant Conversion Notice.
(vi) If, at the time of the conversion of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 7, proof of title to the Ordinary Shares is only evidenced by registration in the Share Register, subject as provided in this Condition 7:
(a) the issuance and delivery of the Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary as described in Condition 7.2 (Effect o f Trigger Event) will be effected by way of the registration in the Share Register of the Conversion Shares in the name of the Settlement Shares Depositary; and
(b) in the case of each Holder, the Settlement Share Depositary shall deliver the relevant Conversion Shares (or the Conversion Share component of any Alternative Consideration) to such Holder by way of a subsequent registration in the Share Register of the relevant Conversion Shares in the name of such Holder specified in the relevant Conversion Notice.
58

(vii) Any cash component of any Alternative Consideration payable to a Holder shall be paid by transfer to an account which accepts funds in USD with a bank in such city as may be specified in, and in accordance with the instructions contained in, the relevant Conversion Notice.
(viii) If, with respect to the Note(s) of a Holder, such Note(s) have not been cancelled on the applicable Settlement Date, such Note(s) shall be deemed to be cancelled on the Long-Stop Date.
7.6 Conversion Shares Offer:
(i) Not later than the Latest Conversion Shares Offer Election Date, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, make an election by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (a "Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice") that the Settlement Shares Depositary (or an agent on its behalf) will make an offer of, in the Issuer's sole and absolute discretion, all or some of the Conversion Shares to, in the Issuer's sole and absolute discretion, all or some of the Shareholders at such time, such offer to be at the Conversion Shares Offer Price, all in accordance with the following provisions (a "Conversion Shares Offer").
A Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice shall specify the period of time for which the Conversion Shares Offer will be open (the "Conversion Shares Offer Period"). The Conversion Shares Offer Period shall end no later than 40 Business Days after the giving of the Conversion Shares Offer Election Notice by the Issuer.
(ii) Upon expiry of the Conversion Shares Offer Period, the Settlement Shares Depositary will provide notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the composition of the Alternative Consideration (and of the deductions to the cash component, if any, of the Alternative Consideration (as set out in the definition of "Alternative Consideration")) per Note. The Alternative Consideration shall be held on trust (or other similar arrangement) by the Settlement Shares Depositary for the Holders and delivered to each Holder in the manner described in, and subject to, Condition 7.5 (Conversion Settlement).
(iii) The Issuer reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to elect that the Settlement Shares Depositary terminate the Conversion Shares Offer at any time during the Conversion Shares Offer Period. If the Issuer makes such election, it will provide at least three Business Days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and the Settlement Shares Depositary. The Settlement Shares Depositary may then, in its sole and absolute discretion, take steps to deliver to Holders the Conversion Shares at a time that is earlier than the time at which they would have otherwise received the Alternative Consideration had the Conversion Shares Offer been completed.
(iv) Each Holder acknowledges and agrees that if the Issuer elects, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Conversion Shares Offer be conducted by the Settlement Shares Depositary, such Holder shall be deemed to have: (a) irrevocably consented to any Conversion Shares Offer and, notwithstanding that such Conversion Shares are held by the Settlement Shares Depositary on trust (or other similar arrangement) for the Holders, to the Settlement Shares Depositary using the Conversion Shares delivered to it to settle any Conversion Shares Offer; (b) irrevocably consented to the transfer of the interest such Holder has in the Conversion Shares delivered to the Settlement Shares Depositary to one or more purchasers identified by the Settlement Shares Depositary in connection with the Conversion Shares Offer; (c) irrevocably agreed that the Issuer and the Settlement Shares Depositary may take any and all actions necessary to conduct the Conversion Shares Offer in accordance with the terms of the Notes; and (d) irrevocably agreed that neither the Issuer nor the Settlement Shares Depositary shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, incur any liability to the Holders in respect of the Conversion Shares Offer (except for the obligations of the Settlement Shares Depositary in respect of the Holders' entitlement to, and the subsequent delivery of, any Alternative Consideration).
59

(v) Any Conversion Shares Offer shall only be made subject to applicable laws and regulations in effect at the relevant time and shall be conducted, if at all, only to the extent that the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that such Conversion Shares Offer is appropriate and practicable and without providing any unfair advantage to any of the Shareholders at such time. The purchasers of the Conversion Shares pursuant to a Conversion Shares Offer shall bear the costs and expenses of any Conversion Shares Offer (other than the taxes referred to in the definition of "Alternative Consideration"), including the fees of the Settlement Shares Depositary in this connection, if any.
7.7 Conversion Price: The Issuer shall issue and deliver to the Settlement Shares Depositary on the Conversion Date a number of Conversion Shares in respect of the Notes determined by dividing the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes (in effect immediately prior to the relevant Trigger Event) by the Conversion Price (as adjusted, if applicable, in accordance with Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price) up to and including the Conversion Date), subject to Condition 7.10 (Rounding Down and Notice of Adjustments to the Floor Price) and Condition 7.11 (Fractions).
7.8 Adjustments to Floor Price: Upon the happening of any of the events described below, the Floor Price shall be adjusted as follows, provided always, that the Floor Price shall not be less than the par value of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to Conversion Date converted into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate:
(i) If and whenever there shall be a consolidation, reclassification or subdivision in relation to the Ordinary Shares which alters the number of Ordinary Shares in issue, the Floor Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Floor Price in force immediately prior to such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision by the following fraction:
A B
where:
"A" is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be; and
"B" is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately after, and as a result of, such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be.
Such adjustment shall become effective on the date the consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be, takes effect.
(ii) If and whenever the Issuer shall issue any Ordinary Shares to Shareholders as a class credited as fully paid by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves (including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve) (other than (a) where any such Ordinary Shares are or are to be issued instead of the whole or part of a Cash Dividend which the Shareholders would or could otherwise have elected to receive, (b) where the Shareholders may elect to receive a Cash Dividend in lieu of such Ordinary Shares or (c) where any such Ordinary Shares are or are expressed to be issued in lieu of a Dividend (whether or not a Cash Dividend equivalent or amount is announced or would otherwise be payable to Shareholders, whether at their election or otherwise)), the Floor Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Floor Price in force immediately prior to such issue by the following fraction:
A B
60

where:
"A" is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before such issue; and
"B" is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately after such issue.
Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Ordinary Shares.
(iii) If and whenever the Issuer shall issue Ordinary Shares to all or substantially all Shareholders as a class by way of rights, or the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or (at the direction or request or pursuant to arrangements with the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) any other Person shall issue or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary Shares, or any Securities which by their terms of issue carry (directly or indirectly) rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for, any Ordinary Shares (or shall grant any such rights in respect of existing Securities so issued), in each case at a price per Ordinary Share which is less than 95 per cent. of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the relevant Effective Date, the Floor Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Floor Price in force immediately prior to the relevant Effective Date by the following fraction:
A+B A+C
where:
"A" is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue on the relevant Effective Date;
"B" is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate consideration (if any) receivable for the Ordinary Shares issued by way of rights, or for the Securities issued by way of rights, or for the options or warrants or other rights issued by way of rights and for the total number of Ordinary Shares deliverable on the exercise thereof, would purchase at such Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the relevant Effective Date; and
"C" is the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued or, as the case may be, the maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be issued upon exercise of such options, warrants or rights calculated as at the date of issue of such options, warrants or rights or upon conversion or exchange or exercise of rights of subscription or purchase in respect thereof at the initial conversion, exchange, subscription or purchase price or rate,
provided that if, on the relevant Effective Date, such number of Ordinary Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time, then for the purposes of this paragraph (iii), "C" shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the relevant Effective Date and as if such conversion, exchange, subscription, purchase or acquisition had taken place on the relevant Effective Date.
Such adjustment shall become effective on the relevant Effective Date.
(iv) If and whenever any event in relation to the Issuer and/or the Ordinary Shares (other than the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this Condition 7.8 and unless otherwise explicitly excluded from paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this Condition 7.8 or as described in Condition 7.13 (Share Option Schemes, Dividend Reinvestment Plans)) (including, without limitation, (a) the payment of any extraordinary dividend or other distribution (howsoever described) to the Shareholders, (b) any reduction of the Issuer's capital, (c) any dissolution of the Issuer, (d) any merger of the Issuer
61

or (e) any demerger of the Issuer) shall occur, the Floor Price may be adjusted in accordance with the following principles:
(A) other than in the case of a dissolution, merger or demerger of the Issuer, if the Issuer determines that the Floor Price is to be reduced following the occurrence of the relevant event, the amount of such reduction to the Floor Price may be determined in the Issuer's sole and absolute discretion; and
(B) in all other cases, subject to the provisions of Condition 7.12 (Decision o f an Independent Adviser), an Independent Adviser shall determine in good faith whether an adjustment to the Floor Price (if any) is appropriate and, if so, the appropriate adjustment to the Floor Price.
Any such adjustment shall become effective on the date specified in the notice to the Holders relating to such adjustment.
(v) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions:
(a) where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7.8 have already resulted or will result in an adjustment to the Floor Price or where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment arise by virtue of any other events or circumstances which have already given or will give rise to an adjustment to the Floor Price or where more than one event which gives rise to an adjustment to the Floor Price occurs within such a short period of time that, in the opinion of the Issuer, a modification to the operation of the adjustment provisions is required to give the intended result, such modification shall be made to the operation of the adjustment provisions as may be determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser to be in such Independent Adviser's opinion appropriate to give the intended result;
(b) such modification shall be made to the operation of these Conditions as may be determined in good faith by an Independent Adviser to be in such Independent Adviser's opinion appropriate (i) to ensure that an adjustment to the Floor Price or the economic effect thereof shall not be taken into account more than once, and (ii) to reflect a redenomination of the issued Ordinary Shares for the time being into a new currency; and
(c) for the avoidance of doubt, the issue of Conversion Shares following the occurrence of a Trigger Event shall not result in an adjustment to the Floor Price.
7.9 Determination o f Consideration Receivable: For the purpose of any calculation of the consideration receivable or price pursuant to paragraph (iii) of Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price), the following provisions shall apply:
(i) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares issued for cash shall be the amount of such cash;
(ii) (a) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the conversion or exchange of any Securities shall be deemed to be the consideration or price received or receivable for any such Securities and (b) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the exercise of rights of subscription attached to any Securities or upon the exercise of any options, warrants or rights shall be deemed to be that part (which may be the whole) of the consideration or price received or receivable for such Securities or, as the case may be, for such options, warrants or rights which are attributed by the Issuer to such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights or, if no part of such consideration or price is so attributed, the Fair Market Value of such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights as at the relevant Effective Date, plus in the case of each of (a) and (b)
62

above, the additional minimum consideration receivable or price (if any) upon the conversion or exchange of such Securities, or upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached thereto or, as the case may be, upon exercise of such options, warrants or rights and (c) the consideration receivable or price per Ordinary Share upon the conversion or exchange of, or upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached to, such Securities or, as the case may be, upon the exercise of such options, warrants or rights shall be the aggregate consideration or price referred to in (a) or (b) above (as the case may be) divided by the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued upon such conversion or exchange or exercise at the initial conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate;
(iii) if the consideration or price determined pursuant to (i) or (ii) above (or any component thereof) shall be expressed in a currency other than the Relevant Currency, it shall be converted into the Relevant Currency at the Prevailing Exchange Rate on the relevant Effective Date (in the case of (i) above) or the relevant date of first public announcement (in the case of (ii) above);
(iv) in determining the consideration or price pursuant to the above, no deduction shall be made for any commissions or fees (howsoever described) or any expenses paid or incurred for any underwriting, placing or management of the issue of the relevant Ordinary Shares or Securities or options, warrants or rights, or otherwise in connection therewith; and
(v) the consideration or price shall be determined as provided above on the basis of the consideration or price received, receivable, paid or payable, regardless of whether all or part thereof is received, receivable, paid or payable by or to the Issuer or another entity.
7.10 Rounding Down and Notice o f Adjustments to the Floor Price: On any adjustment, if the resultant Floor Price has more decimal places than the initial Floor Price, it shall be rounded to the same number of decimal places as the initial Floor Price. No adjustment shall be made to the Floor Price where such adjustment (rounded down if applicable) would be less than one per cent. of the Floor Price then in effect. Any adjustment not required to be made, and/or any amount by which the Floor Price has been rounded down, shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment, and such subsequent adjustment shall be made on the basis that the adjustment not required to be made had been made at the relevant time and/or, as the case may be, that the relevant rounding down had not been made.
Notice of any adjustments to the Floor Price shall be given by the Issuer to Holders promptly after the determination thereof in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).
The Floor Price shall not in any event be reduced to below the par value of an Ordinary Share for the time being. The Issuer undertakes that it shall not take any action, and shall procure that no action is taken, that would otherwise result in an adjustment to the Floor Price to below the par value of the Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Conversion Date converted into USD at the then Prevailing Exchange Rate.
7.11 Fractions: Fractions of Conversion Shares will not be delivered to the Settlement Shares Depositary or to Holders upon a conversion and no cash payment will be made in lieu thereof. However, if one or more Conversion Notices and Notes are delivered to the Settlement Shares Depositary such that any Conversion Shares (or any Conversion Share component of any Alternative Consideration, as applicable) to be issued and delivered to a Holder are to be registered in the same name, the number of Conversion Shares to be issued and delivered in respect thereof shall be calculated on the basis of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Notes (in effect immediately prior to the relevant Trigger Event) to be converted.
7.12 Decision o f an Independent Adviser: In:
(i) the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (iv)(B) of Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price), the Issuer will; and
63

(ii) all other cases where the Floor Price can be adjusted as described in Condition 7.8 (Adjustments to Floor Price), if any doubt shall arise as to whether an adjustment shall be made to the Floor Price or as to the appropriate adjustment to the Floor Price, the Issuer may at its discretion,

appoint an Independent Adviser and, following consultation between the Issuer and such Independent Adviser, a written opinion of such Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Holders, save in the case of manifest error.

7.13 Share Option Schemes, Dividend Reinvestment Plans: No adjustment will be made to the Floor Price where Ordinary Shares or other Securities (including rights, warrants and options) are issued, offered, exercised, allotted, purchased, appropriated, modified or granted to, or for the benefit of, employees or former employees (including directors holding or formerly holding executive office or the personal service company of any such person) or their spouses or relatives, in each case, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any associated company or to a trustee or trustees to be held for the benefit of any such person, in any such case pursuant to any share or option scheme.

7.14 Taxes and Duties: Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group shall be liable for any taxes or duties (including, without limitation any capital, stamp, issue and registration or transfer taxes or duties) arising on conversion or that may arise or be paid as a consequence of the issue and delivery of Conversion Shares. Each Holder must pay any taxes or duties (including, without limitation, any capital, stamp, issue and registration and /or transfer taxes or duties) arising on conversion in connection with the issue and delivery of Conversion Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary on behalf of such Holder and such Holder must pay all, if any, such taxes or duties arising by reference to any disposal or deemed disposal of such Holder's Notes or interest therein. Any taxes or duties arising on delivery or transfer of Conversion Shares to a purchaser in any Conversion Shares Offer shall be payable by the relevant purchaser of those Conversion Shares.

7.15 Ordinary Shares: The Conversion Shares will be fully paid-up and non-assessable and will in all respects rank pari passu with the fully paid-up Ordinary Shares in issue on the Conversion Date, except in any such case for any right excluded by mandatory provisions of applicable law, and except that any Conversion Shares so issued and delivered will not rank for (or, as the case may be, the relevant Holder shall not be entitled to receive) any rights, distributions or payments, the record date (or other due date for the establishment of entitlement) for which falls prior to the Conversion Date.

7.16 Purchase or Redemption o f Ordinary Shares: The Issuer or any company in the Group may exercise such rights as it may from time to time enjoy to purchase, redeem or buy back any Securities (including Ordinary Shares) or any depositary or other receipts or certificates representing the same without the consent of Holders.

8.

Redemption and Purchase

8.1 Scheduled redemption: The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption. The Issuer may only redeem the Notes at its discretion in the circumstances described herein. The Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Holders at any time.
8.2 Early redemption upon the occurrence o f a Special Event: Subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), upon the occurrence of a Special Event, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time and having given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Trigger Event Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued interest thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled; provided however that where the Special Event is a Tax Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts as referred to in the definition of Tax Event.

64

The Issuer, having satisfied itself that a Special Event has occurred, shall notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the occurrence of such Special Event.
8.3 Redemption at the option o f the Issuer: The Issuer may, at its option (but subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.)) and having given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days' notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Trigger Event Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon insofar as it has not been cancelled.
8.4 Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time (but subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.)) purchase Notes, whether in the open market, in the context of market making or otherwise, at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
8.5 Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith (but subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.)) be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.4 (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
8.6 Substitution and variation: Subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.) and having given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days' notice to the Holders (in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent, if a Special Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Capital Notes.
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation shall take effect and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Capital Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Holders.
8.7 Conditions to redemption etc.: The Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, substituted, varied or modified (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Early redemption upon the occurrence o f a Special Event), Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option o f the Issuer), Condition 8.4 (Purchase), Condition 8.5 (Cancellation), Condition 8.6 (Substitution and variation), Condition 16.1 (Meetings o f Holders) or paragraph (ii) of Condition 16.2 (Modification o f the Notes), as the case may be, if:
(i) in the case of any such substitution, variation or modification, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such substitution, variation or modification (as applicable);
(ii) in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has given permission to, such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD IV requirements (which, as at the Issue Date, are set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and Article 29 of the 2014 RTS);
(iii) in the case of any such redemption of the Notes, the Trigger Event Redemption Restriction does not apply to such redemption or to the redemption notice relating to such redemption (as applicable); and
(iv) in the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Special Event, the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by two of its Directors to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal Agent's Specified Office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days
65

prior to the date set for redemption that such Special Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be.

Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission to any such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 8.7(ii) (Conditions to redemption etc.) will not constitute an event of default under the Notes.

9.

Payments

9.1 Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the Note at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. Subject as provided in these Conditions, payments will be in U.S. Dollars made by credit or transfer to a U.S. Dollar account (or any other account to which U.S. Dollars may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee, or, at the option of the payee, by a U.S. Dollar cheque.
9.2 Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 9.6 (Payments other than in respect o f matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 9.1 (Principal) above.

9.3 Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 10 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Holders in respect of such payments.

9.4 Unmatured Coupons void: On the due date for redemption of any Note pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Early redemption upon the occurrence o f a Special Event), Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option o f the Issuer) or Condition 11 (Enforcement Events), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof.

9.5 Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.
9.6 Payments other than in respect o f matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.
9.7 Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment.

9.8 Exchange o f Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, any Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon.

66

10. Taxation
10.1 Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision therein or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Holders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been receivable by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon:
(i) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of it having some connection with Denmark other than:
(a) the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(b) the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of such Note or Coupon; or
(ii) presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on or before the expiry of such period of thirty days.
10.2 Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than Denmark, references in these Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to Denmark and/or such other jurisdiction.
11. Enforcement Events
11.1 No events of default: There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. Holders shall not be entitled at any time to file for bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer.
11.2 Enforcement Events: If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer (an "Enforcement Event"), any Holder may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note (to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the occurrence of such Enforcement Event and any other amounts payable on such Note (including any damages payable in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 4 (Status o f the Notes).
11.3 Enforcement o f obligations: Subject to Condition 11.1 (No events o f default) and without prejudice to Condition 11.2 (Enforcement Events), any Holder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.
12. Undertakings
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will, save with the approval of an Extraordinary Resolution:
67

(i) not make any issue, grant or distribution or take or omit to take any other action if the effect thereof would be that, upon conversion of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), Conversion Shares could not, under any applicable law then in effect, be legally issued as fully paid-up;
(ii) deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), subject to, and as provided in, Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event);
(iii) use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that its issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares and the Conversion Shares, as the case may be, will be admitted to listing and trading on the Relevant Stock Exchange;
(iv) at all times ensure there is sufficient registered authorised share capital to enable conversion of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), and all rights of subscription and exchange for Conversion Shares, to be satisfied in full;
(v) as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event not later than 14 calendar days following the Conversion Date, request and procure the registration of the Conversion Shares (a) with the DBA and (b) in the Share Register of the Issuer; and
(vi) where the provisions of Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event) require or provide for a determination by an Independent Adviser or a role to be performed by a Settlement Shares Depositary, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours promptly to appoint such Person for such purpose.
13. Prescription
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.
14. Replacement of Notes and Coupons
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
15. Agents
15.1 Obligations o f Agents: In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Holders or Couponholders, and each of them shall only be responsible for the performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon it in the Agency Agreement or other agreement entered into with respect of its appointment or incidental thereto.
15.2 Termination o fAppointments: The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed in the Agency Agreement. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent (including the Fiscal Agent) and to appoint an additional or successor fiscal agent or Paying Agent; provided, however, that:
68

(i) the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and
(ii) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing and/or to trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) each with a Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.
15.3 Change o f Specified Offices: The Paying Agents reserve the right at any time to change their respective Specified Offices to some other Specified Office in the same city. Notice of any change in the identities or Specified Offices of any Paying Agent shall promptly be given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).
16. Meetings of Holders; Modification
16.1 Meetings o f Holders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) for convening meetings of Holders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including (without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of any provision of these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant insofar as the same may apply to the Notes. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting of Holders will be binding on all Holders, whether present or not at the meeting and on all Couponholders.
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders.
Any modification to these Conditions and/or the Deed of Covenant pursuant to the operation of the provisions described in this Condition 16.1 is subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc ).
16.2 Modification o fNotes: The Issuer may make, without the consent of the Holders or Couponholders:
(i) any modification to the Notes, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant to correct a manifest error; or
(ii) subject to Condition 8.7 (Conditions to redemption etc.), any modification to the Notes, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders and the Couponholders.
Any such modification to the Agency Agreement shall be subject to the consent of the Fiscal Agent. Subject as provided in these Conditions, no other modification may be made to the Notes, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant except with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution and, in the case of a modification to the Agency Agreement, the consent of the Fiscal Agent.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.
17. Notices
Notices to Holders will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe or, if the Notes are listed on the Official List of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie).
69

The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders in accordance with this Condition.
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Note(s) and such global Note(s) is/are held in its/their entirety on behalf of one or more relevant clearing system(s), the terms of such global Note(s) will specify how notices to Holders are to be given, as described in "Overview of Form of the Notes" of the Offering Memorandum relating to the Notes dated 22 June 2018.
18. Currency Indemnity
The currency in which the Notes are denominated is USD (the "Contractual Currency"), which is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount of the Contractual Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less than the amount of the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder in respect of such Note or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss sustained by such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against any cost of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Holder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss as aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered by the relevant Holder and no proof or evidence of any actual loss will be required by the Issuer.
19. Waiver and Remedies
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder, any right in these Conditions shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without such notice or demand.
20. Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
20.1 Governing Law: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, except for Condition 4 (Status o f the Notes), Condition 6 (Interest Cancellation), Condition 7 (Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event), Condition 8.2 (Early redemption upon the occurrence o f a Special Event) and Condition 11 (Enforcement Events) which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish law.
20.2 English courts: The courts of England have jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or connected with the Notes (including any Dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with the Notes).
70

20.3 Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.
20.4 Rights o f the Holders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 20.2 (English courts) is for the benefit of the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 20 prevents any Holder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, any Holder may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
20.5 Service o f process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to the Issuer at 75 King William Street, London EC4N 7DT or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which service of process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.
20.6 Acknowledgement o f Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers: Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 20.6, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:
(i) the effect of the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof:
(a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes;
(b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another Person, and the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such Ordinary Shares, Securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;
(c) the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and
(d) the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii) the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.
21. Rights of Third Parties
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition in respect of a Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
71

USE OF PROCEEDS The issue of the Notes will form part of the Issuer's capital base and the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general financing requirements.
72

DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP
The general corporate structure of the Danske Bank Group (the "Danske Bank Group" or the "Group") is as shown below:

Overview
The Group is the leading financial service provider in Denmark (source: the DFSA) measured by total working capital (defined as deposits, issued bonds, subordinated debt and shareholders' equity) as at 30 September 2017, and one of the largest in the Nordic region measured by total assets as at 31 December 2017. The Group offers customers a wide range of services in the fields of banking, mortgage finance, insurance, pension, real-estate brokerage, asset management and trading in fixed income products, foreign exchange and equities. The Issuer is the largest bank in Denmark (source: the DFSA), is one of the larger banks in Finland and Northern Ireland, and has challenger positions in Sweden and Norway. As at 31 December 2017, the Group's total assets amounted to DKK 3,540 billion (EUR 475.4 billion)1and the Group employed 19,768 full-time equivalent employees. As at the same date, the Group had approximately 3.4 million customers and approximately 2.2 million customers used the Group's online services. The Group had 250 branches as at 31 December 2017.
Danske Bank A/S ("Danske Bank" or the "Issuer") is the parent company of the Group. Danske Bank is a Nordic universal bank with strong local roots and bridges to the rest of the world, and its core markets are Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland. In these countries, it serves all types of customers, from personal customers and businesses to large institutional clients. It also operates in Northern Ireland, where it serves both personal and business customers. The Group has additional offices in several other European countries including a subsidiary in Luxembourg and branch offices in Poland, Germany and the U.K., where its main offerings are solutions for Nordic and local businesses as well as private banking clients. The Group also conducts broker-dealer activities in the United States, activities in the Baltic countries serving Nordic companies and global corporates with a significant Nordic footprint and has a subsidiary in Russia serving Nordic corporate banking customers.
The registered office of the Issuer is at 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark, with telephone number +45 33 44 00 00 and Danish corporate registration number 61126228.
The Issuer's History and Development
The Issuer was founded in Denmark and registered on 5 October 1871 and has, through the years, merged with a number of financial institutions. The Issuer is a commercial bank with limited liability and carries on business under the Danish Financial Business Act. The Issuer is registered with the Danish Commerce and Companies Agency.

1

Unless specified, DKK amounts are converted into EUR at FX rate = 7.4451 DKK per EUR.

73

In the period from 1997-2007, the Issuer strengthened its position in the Nordic region through acquisitions. In 1997, it acquired Östgöta Enskilda Bank in Sweden, in 1999, Fokus Bank A/S in Norway and, in 2000, RealDanmark and its subsidiaries BG Bank A/S and Realkredit Danmark A/S. Furthermore, on 1 March 2005, the Issuer acquired Northern Bank Limited in Northern Ireland and National Irish Bank in the Republic of Ireland, and, on 1 February 2007, it acquired Sampo Bank plc in Finland (now Danske Bank A/S Finland Branch), including Sampo Bank plc's activities in the three Baltic countries and a subsidiary in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Effective 1 June 1998, all branches of Östgöta Enskilda Bank were converted into branches of the Issuer and, effective 1 April 2007, Fokus Bank A/S and National Irish Bank were converted into branches of the Issuer and, in June 2008, the three Baltic banks, AS Sampo Bank in Estonia, AS Sampo Banka in Latvia and AB Sampo bankas in Lithuania, were converted into branches of the Issuer. In November 2012, the Group rebranded its banking units and since then it has marketed all of its banking operations under the Danske Bank brand name. With effect from 1 January 2014, the Group refocused its activities in the Republic of Ireland to serve exclusively Corporates & Institutions' clients. All other activities in the Republic of Ireland were transferred to the Non-core business unit. With effect from 1 January 2015, the Group refocused its activities in the Baltic countries to serve Business Banking customers. All Personal Banking customers in the Baltic countries were transferred to the Non core business unit.
In October 2017, the Danish MobilePay activities were transferred from Danske Bank A/S to the 100 per cent. owned subsidiaries, MobilePay A/S and MobilePay Denmark A/S, which hold the intellectual rights to MobilePay and the Danish MobilePay customers, respectively.
On 26 June 2017, Danske Hypotek AB (publ) ("Danske Hypotek") was granted a licence by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority to conduct financing business as a credit market company in Sweden as well as a licence to issue covered bonds under the Swedish Covered Bonds Act. Danske Hypotek is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer and has been established for the purpose of managing the Group's issuance of covered bonds under the Swedish Covered Bonds Act. The Issuer will originate mortgage loans to be contained in the cover pool of Danske Hypotek under the terms of a mortgage loan sale agreement. In addition to acquiring mortgage loans originated by the Swedish Branch of the Issuer, Danske Hypotek may, in the future, originate its own Swedish mortgage loans as an original lender. All properties that constitute security for the mortgage loans in the Danske Hypotek cover pool will be located in Sweden.
On 31 October 2017 the mortgage credit banking business of Danske Bank Plc, including the outstanding covered bonds issued by Danske Bank Plc and the relevant mortgage loans contained in the respective cover pool, was transferred to a new company, Danske Mortgage Bank Plc. Danske Mortgage Bank Plc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer and holds a licence as a mortgage credit bank under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Operations. Following the completion of this demerger, and as part of efforts to simplify the organisation and improve efficiency, the Group merged its remaining activities in Finland, consisting of Danske Bank Plc and Danske Bank A/S, Helsinki Branch, into a single branch, Danske Bank A/S Finland Branch. On completion of this cross-border merger, which was completed in December 2017, the Issuer will originate mortgage loans to be contained in the cover pool of Danske Mortgage Bank Plc under the terms of a servicing agreement. All properties that constitute security for the mortgage loans in the Danske Mortgage Bank Plc cover pool will be located primarily in Finland.
In December 2017, Danica Pension announced that it will acquire SEB Pension in Denmark. The acquisition is subject to approval by relevant authorities, which is expected in the first half of 2018.
In April 2018, the Group announced that it had decided to align its business activities in the Baltic countries in accordance with the Group's strategy of focusing on customers in the Nordic region. Going forward, the Group will focus exclusively on supporting subsidiaries of Nordic customers and global corporates with a significant Nordic footprint. As a result, all other local Baltic customers were transferred to the Non-core business unit. Over time, this is expected to reduce the size of the Group's business in the Baltic countries. However, the Group intends to continue to serve its local customers for some time as well as ensure that all of its current obligations are fulfilled.
74

Financial highlights Danske Bank Group

(DKKm)

(EURm)

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

Total income Operating expenses Goodwill impairment charges Loan impairment charges Profit before tax, core Profit before tax, Non-core Profit before tax Tax Net profit for the Year

48,149 22,722
(873) 26,300 (12) 26,288 5,388 20,900

47,959 22,642
(3) 25,320 37 25,357 5,500 19,858

45,611 23,237 4,601
57 17,716
46 17,762 4,639 13,123

6,467 3,052
(117) 3,533
(2) 3,531
724 2,807

6,451 3,046
3,406 5 3,411 740 2,671

6,112 3,114
617 8
2,374 6
2,380 622
1,759

Balance Sheet: Loans Trading portfolio assets Assets in Non-core Other assets Total assets

1,723,025 449,292 4,886
1,362,325 3,539,528

1,689,155 509,678 19,039
1,265,798 3,483,670

1,609,384 547,019 27,645
1,108,830 3,292,878

231,431 60,347
656 182,983 475, 417

227,211 68,558 2,561 170,265 468,594

215,663 73,302
3,705 148,587 441,257

Deposits Bonds issued by Realkredit Danmark Trading portfolio liabilities Liabilities in Non-core Other liabilities Total liabilities Additional tier 1 etc. Shareholders' equity

911,852 758,375 400,596
3,094 1,297,355 3,371,272
14,339 153,917

859,435 726,732 478,301
2,816 1,249,771 3,317,055
14,343 152,272

816,762 694,519 471,131
5,520 1,144,116 3,132,048
11,317 149,513

122,477 101,862 53,807
416 174,256 452,818
1,926 20,674

115,604 97,754 64,337
379 168,109 446,183
1,929 20,482

109,449 93,068 63,133
740 153,315 419,705
1,517 20,035

Earnings per share Total capital ratio (%) Common equity tier 1 capital ratio (%) Exchange rate (DKK/EUR) (End of period)

22.2

20.2

12.8

3.0

2.7

1.7

22.6

21.8

21.0

-

-

-

17.6

16.3

16.1

7.4451 7.4343 7.4625

Source: Annual Report 2017, pg. 6 and Annual Report 2016, pg. 6. Other assets include Due from credit institutions and central banks, Repo loans, Investment securities and Assets under insurance contracts. Other liabilities include Due to credit institutions and central banks, Repo deposits, Other issued bonds, Liabilities under insurance contracts and Subordinated debt. In Danske Bank Group's Annual Report as at and for the year ending 31 December 2016, the comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 2015 were restated. Note 2 in the Annual Report 2016 reflects the restatements for the year 2015.

Business Units

From 1 January 2016 until 2 May 2018, the Group had five business units, a Non-core unit and Other Activities: Personal Banking, Business Banking, Corporates & Institutions, Wealth Management, Northern Ireland. The Wealth Management business unit included Danica Pension, Danske Capital and parts of the private banking operations.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the business units of the Group:

75

(DKK million)

Business Segments

Personal Business C&I Wealth Northern Other

Non

2017

Banking Banking

Manage Ireland Activities® core

ment

Total income

12,681

11,733 11,528

8,567

1,961

2,514

-

Operating expenses

7,533

4,601 4,799

4,082

957

917

-

Profit before loan impairment

charges

5,148

7,133 6,729

4,485

1,004

1,598

Loan impairment charges

(62)

(824)

354

(93)

(247)

1

-

Profit before tax, core

5,211

7,957 6,375

4,579

1,251

1,597

-

Profit before tax, Non-core Cost/income ratio (%)

-

-

-

-

-

59.4

39.2

41.6

47.6

48.8

- (12)

36.5

-

Full-time-equivalent staff (end

of period)

4,517

2,625 1,808

1,851

1,260

7,586

122

Loans, excluding reverse transactions (end of period)

753,060 676,986 182,504 74,595 45,514

15,509

-

Deposits, excluding repo deposits (end of period)

273,478 242,278 273,811 65,849 58,971

12,173

-

Source: Annual Report 2017, pg. 64.

(1)

"Other Activities" includes Group Treasury and Group support functions. In the reporting of the business unit "Other Activities," the income

statement includes the effects of the eliminations.

Organisational structure

Changes to the Group's Organisation

In April 2018, the Issuer announced changes to its organisation effective as of 2 May 2018 in order to move the Group closer to its customers and strengthen its business development activities. Personal Banking and Business Banking, which had operated as separate business units, were merged into country organisations within two new units: Banking DK and Banking Nordic. The Corporates & Institutions ("C&I") and Wealth Management business units maintain their global organisations. In order to strengthen its business development activities, the Group gathered all development and strategy competencies in a new unit called Group Development.

As of 2 May 2018, the Group has five business units - Banking DK, Banking Nordic, C&I, Wealth Management and Northern Ireland - a Non-core unit, Group Development and Other Activities and has launched a new Group strategy.

Strategy

The new strategy is called "Nordic Integrator". Integration will be key to realising the Group's vision of being recognised as the most trusted financial partner. The new strategy is not a change of direction, but a natural next step. It builds on the Group's current strongholds and raises the bar for the role the Group wants to play and the values it wants to create.

Being the Nordic Integrator means that the Group will seek to integrate further on three different levels. Firstly, the Group will integrate with its customers, moving even closer to them and become an integral part of their lives or business. Secondly, the Group will integrate internally by moving closer together, breaking down the silos to organise around customers and work together as one Danske Bank. Thirdly, the Group will integrate closer with the societies it is a part of by stepping up its commitment to make a positive impact.

Banking DK

Banking DK serves personal customers as well as small and medium sized business customers in Denmark. The unit focuses on providing proactive advice to personal customers and making day-to-day banking simple and efficient through innovative digital solutions while at the same time providing business customers with leading solutions within financing, investing, cash management and risk management.

76

Banking Nordic
Banking Nordic serves personal customers as well as small and medium sized business customers in Finland, Sweden and Norway. The unit focuses on providing proactive advice to personal customers and making day-to-day banking simple and efficient through innovative digital solutions while at the same time providing business customers with leading solutions within financing, investing, cash management and risk management.
Corporates & Institutions
C&I serves large Nordic corporate and institutional customers in the Nordic countries and beyond. This wholesale business unit of the Issuer carries out banking activities within General Banking and provides strategic advice, financial solutions and products within Capital Markets, FI&C and Transaction Banking. As at 31 March 2018, the C&I business unit had 1,708 full-time equivalent employees.
Wealth Management
Wealth Management serves the Group's entire customer base and encompasses expertise from Danica Pension, Danske Capital and Private Banking. As at 31 March 2018, the Wealth Management business unit had 1,898 full-time equivalent employees, and the assets managed by Wealth Management amounted to DKK 1,513 billion.
Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland serves personal and business customers through a network of branches in Northern Ireland and digital channels. As at 31 March 2018, the Northern Ireland business unit had 1,257 full-time equivalent employees.
Non-core
Non-core includes certain customer segments that are no longer considered part of the core business. The Non-core business unit is responsible for the controlled winding-up and the divestment of this part of the loan portfolio. The portfolio consists primarily of loans to local customers in the Baltics and liquidity facilities for special purpose vehicles and conduit structures.
Other Activities
Other Activities consists of the following Group resource and service functions: Group Development (including Strategy, Development and Marketing); Group Risk Management; the CFO area (including Group Treasury); the COO area (including IT and Services); Group HR; the Chief of Staff unit (including Legal and Communications); and Group Compliance. These service areas support the main business units, performing tasks that span various customer groups and markets.
Funding structure
The Group continues to ensure that it has a prudent ratio between lending and long-term funding. In addition, the Group has comprehensive and well-established funding programmes, including covered bonds. Covered bonds help diversify the Group's funding across investors and maturities.
77

Group funding sources (by type) (Year-end)
(%) Central banks, Credit institutions and repo transactions Short-term bonds Long-term bonds Total covered bonds Deposits Subordinated debt Shareholders' equity Total

2017

2016

19

18

5

4

7

8

11

11

49

48

1

2

8

9

100

100

Source: Annual Report 2017, pg. 158.
The Group has two channels through which it grants mortgage loans: (i) Realkredit Danmark A/S; and (ii) the Issuer itself including bank subsidiaries.
The mortgage loans on the Realkredit Danmark A/S platform are funded through the issuance of mortgage bonds according to the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds, etc. Act and executive orders issued by the DFSA.

Shareholders' equity
The Issuer's shareholders' equity was DKK 153.9 billion (EUR 20.7 billion) as at the end of 2017 against total equity at 1 January 2017 DKK 152.3 billion (EUR 20.5 billion)2.

At year-end 2017, the Issuer's authorised and issued share capital totalled DKK 9,368,277,220 (EUR 1.3 billion) based on 936,827,722 shares of DKK 10 (EUR 1.343) each. The Issuer's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S.

In February 2017, the Issuer announced a share buy-back programme for a total of DKK 10.0 billion (EUR 1.34 billion)3to be executed under the European Commission's Regulation No. 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 and the Commission's delegated regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. The share buy-back programme ended on 31 January 2018, with a total buy-back of 40.874 million shares for a total purchase amount of DKK 10.0 billion (EUR 1.34 billion)4. On 15 March 2018, the Annual General Meeting of the Issuer adopted the proposal to reduce the Issuer's share capital by DKK 408,741,010 (EUR 54.9 million) nominally by cancelling 40,874,101 shares of DKK 10 (EUR 1.343) each from the Issuer's holding of own shares.

As at today's date, the Issuer's share capital amounts to DKK 8,959,536,210 nominally corresponding to 895,953,621 shares of DKK 10 each.

In February 2018, the Issuer announced that the Board of Directors had approved a new share buy-back programme for DKK 10 billion (EUR 1.34 billion)5, with a maximum of 85 million shares. The programme will be conducted from 5 February 2018 until 1 February 2019 at the latest. The Issuer announced that the Board of Directors intends to propose to the Annual General Meeting in 2019 that the shares purchased under the current share buy-back programme be cancelled.
At year-end 2017, the Issuer had approximately 257,000 shareholders. According to the Danish Companies Act, shareholders must notify a company if their shareholding exceeds 5 per cent. of the company's share capital or if any change occurs in a previously notified shareholding to the effect that the 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 90 or 100 per

2

FX rate at 1 January 2017 = 7.4343 DKK per EUR.

3

FX rate at 3 February 2017 = 7.4376 DKK per EUR.

4

FX rate at 31 January 2018 = 7.4419 DKK per EUR.

5

FX rate at 5 February 2018 = 7.4433 DKK per EUR.

78

cent. thresholds and the thresholds of one-third or two-thirds of the voting rights or the share capital are reached or no longer reached.

Two shareholder groups have notified the Issuer of holding 5 per cent. or more of the Issuer's share capital and voting rights:

·

A.P. Moller-Holding Group on 2 November 2016 announced that it held a total of (directly and

indirectly) 20.0 per cent. of the shares and the voting rights of the Issuer; and

·

BlackRock Inc. on 27 April 2017 announced that it indirectly via shares and other financial

instruments with similar economic effect holds 5.10 per cent. of the shares and the voting rights of

the Issuer.

The Issuer estimates that almost 56 per cent. of its share capital is held by investors outside of Denmark. Most foreign investors are based in the United States and the United Kingdom.

Capital and Solvency
The Group's capital base consists of tier 1 capital (common equity tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital instruments) and tier 2 capital. At 31 December 2017, the capital base of the Group amounted to DKK 170 billion (EUR 22.9 billion), the total capital ratio for the Group was 22.6 per cent., with a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 17.6 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 20.1 per cent. At 31 December 2017, the total capital ratio for the Issuer was 25.9 per cent. with a common equity tier 1 ("CET1") ratio of 20.2 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 23.0 per cent.

At the end of 2017, the Group's REA amounted to DKK 753 billion (EUR 101.2 billion), against DKK 815 billion (EUR 109.7 billion)6 at the end of 2016. The Group's REA decreased DKK 62 billion (EUR 8.3 billion) from the level at the end of December 2016. The REA for credit risk decreased DKK 18 billion (EUR 2.4 billion). The main causes of the decrease in 2017 were lower market risk and counterparty credit risk and the implementation of approved IRB models.

The following table below shows the total capital ratio, tier 1 capital ratio and common equity tier 1 capital ratio. The second table shows the risk exposure amounts, tier 2 capital instruments and additional tier 1 capital instruments.

Danske Bank Group

(%)_________________________________________________31 Dec. 2017

Total capital ratio.......................................................................

22.6

Tier 1 capital ratio......................................................................

20.1

Common equity tier 1 capital ratio, excluding hybrid core

17.6

capital ..................................................................................................

31 Dec. 2016 21.8 19.1 16.3

Note: The ratios are calculated in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act. Source: Annual Report 2017, pg. 54.

Danske Bank Group

(DKKm)

(EURm)

31 Dec. 31 Dec.

31 Dec.

31 Dec.

_______________________ 2017_______2016_______ 2017_______ 2016

Risk exposure amount .. 753,409 815,249

101,195

109,660

6

FX rate at 31 December 2016 = 7.4343 DKK per EUR.

79

Additional tier 1 capital instruments

Tier 2 capital instruments .

Exchange

Rate

(DKK/EUR)

18,574 19,343

23,623 22,141

2,495 2,598 7.4451

3,178 2,978 7.4343

Source: (DKK amounts) Annual Report 2017, pg. 54.
On 3 May 2018, the DFSA ordered the Board of Directors and the Executive Board to reassess the Issuer's and the Group's solvency need in order to ensure an adequate internal capital coverage of compliance and reputational risks as a result of weaknesses in the Group's governance. The DFSA initially estimated that a Pillar II add-on should amount to at least DKK 5 billion (EUR 0.67 billion)7, or approximately 0.7 per cent. of the Group's REA as at 31 December 2017. An add-on of DKK 5 billion would have increased the Group's solvency need from 10.5 per cent. to 11.2 per cent. as at 31 March 2018. As at 31 March 2018, the Group's total capital ratio was 21.4 per cent.

Subordinated debt and additional tier 1 capital
During 2017, the Group redeemed DKK 12,556 million8(EUR 1,686 million) and issued DKK 4,655 million in terms of a CRR-compliant convertible additional tier 1 capital of USD 750 million (EUR 625 million)9 with discretionary interest payments. As the bonds mandatorily convert into a variable number of ordinary shares if a trigger event occurs, they are accounted for as liabilities.

Capital regulation

The Issuer is following the phase-in of the CRR and the CRD IV Directive in accordance with Danish rules. At the end of 2017, the Issuer estimates that the remaining effect of the CRR and the CRD IV Directive on its fully-loaded CET1 capital ratio in 2018 will be an additional reduction of about 0.1 percentage points. The DFSA has approved the Issuer's continuing use of the financial conglomerate deduction method for holdings in Danica Pension. The deduction is based on Danica Pension's solvency need rather than on its minimum capital requirement. The non-deductible part of the holdings will be risk-weighted at 100 per cent.
The impact of IFRS 9 on regulatory capital is subject to a five-year phase-in period from 1 January 2018, whereby an institution is allowed to include in its CET1 capital a portion of the increased expected credit loss provisions for a transition period. The transition method applied for the Group is based on a so-called dynamic approach taking into account both the initial impact and the evolution of the new expected credit loss provisions during the transition period.

Distributions of Dividends

At the board meeting on 31 January 2018, the Issuer's dividend policy was revised, and going forward the payout ratio will be 40-60 per cent. of net profits rather than 40-50 per cent. Widening the dividend policy range will allow flexibility in capital distributions, while still offering the Issuer the possibility of handling profitable growth as well as the effects of pending regulation.

For 2017, a dividend of DKK 10.0 (EUR 1.34)10per share was agreed upon at the Annual General Meeting on 15 March 2018, or 45 per cent. of net profit for the year, and has been paid out. The Group launched a share buy-

7

FX rate at 3 May 2018 = 7. 4494 DKK per EUR.

8

Source: Annual Report 2017, pg. 100.

9

FX rate at 31 December 2017 = 1.1995 USD per EUR.

10

FX rate at 16 March 2018 = 7.4486 DKK per EUR.

80

back programme in February 2018. The Group received the DFSA's approval to acquire own shares for a total value of DKK 10.0 billion (EUR 1.34 billion)11. According to the rules of CRR, the Group has to deduct the approved amount in the CET1 capital with the receipt of the DFSA's approval. The share buy-back programme has resulted in a decrease on the Group's CET1 ratio and total capital ratio in 2018, which was not included in the Issuer's fourth quarter 2017 figures.
Risk Management
Introduction
The Issuer's Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors of the Issuer and the Executive Board (the "Rules of Procedure") specify the responsibilities of the two boards and the division of responsibilities between them. The Rules of Procedure and the two-tier management structure, which were developed in accordance with Danish law, regulations and relevant corporate governance recommendations are central to the organisation of risk management and the delegation of authorities throughout the Group.
The Board of Directors lays down overall risk policies and risk appetites, while the Executive Board is in charge of the Group's day-to-day management. The risk and capital management functions are separate from the credit assessment and credit-granting functions.
Responsibility for the day-to-day management of risks in the Group is divided between CFO area, Group Risk Management, the business units and the operations and service organisations.
The Group has established a segregation of duties between units that enter into business transactions with customers or otherwise expose the Group to risk on the one hand, and units in charge of overall risk management on the other.
The Group's risk management practices are organised according to the three-line-of-defence governance model. The three lines of defence segregate duties between (i) units that enter into business transactions with customers or otherwise expose the Group to risk, (ii) units in charge of risk oversight and control, and (iii) Internal Audit.
The first line of defence is represented by the business units and the operations and service functions. Each unit operates in accordance with the risk policies and delegated mandates. The units are responsible for having skills, operating procedures, systems and controls in place to ensure compliance with risk policies, mandates and the execution of sound risk management.
The second line of defence is represented by Group-wide functions that monitor whether the business units and the operations and service functions adhere to the general policies and mandates. Group Risk Management, units in the CFO area, regional chief risk officers and the chief information security officer share the responsibility for these Group-wide functions.
The third line of defence is represented by Group Internal Audit. The primary role of Group Internal Audit is to help the Board of Directors and the Executive Board protect the assets, reputation and sustainability of the Group. Group Internal Audit assists the Group in achieving its objectives by applying a systematic and disciplined approach so as to provide independent assurance of the effectiveness of the Group's risk management, control and governance processes. The scope of Group Internal Audit is unrestricted and includes the activities of the first and second lines of defence.
FX rate at 5 February 2018 = 7.4433 DKK per EUR.
81

Group Risk Management
Group Risk Management is headed by the Group's Chief Risk Officer (the "CRO") who is a member of the Executive Board.
Group Risk Management serves as the Group's second line of defence. It has responsibility for recommending and monitoring the Group's risk appetite and policies and for following up and reporting on risk issues across all risk types, organisational units and geographic regions.
Group Risk Management oversees the risk management frameworks and practices across the organisation and serves as the secretariat of the Group Credit Committee, the All Risk Committee and the following four sub committees: the Model & Parameter Committee, the Operational Risk Committee, the Portfolio Committee and the Group Liquidity Committee. Senior risk managers are also members of the Asset & Liability Committee and the Valuation Committee.
At Group Risk Management, various sub-departments are responsible for monitoring and managing the Group's main risk types.
The heads of Retail Credit Risk Management and Corporate Credit Risk Management report directly to the CRO and are responsible for managing retail and corporate credit risks, respectively. They delegate credit risk mandates and oversee day-to-day credit risk management in the first line of defence in their respective areas. This also includes reviewing the approval and follow-up processes for the lending books of the business units.
Risk Analytics develops and maintains credit rating methodologies and models. The team ensures that the methodologies and models are fit for day-to-day credit processing at the business units and that statutory requirements are met. Because of the Group's extensive use of models, model risks are closely monitored and managed. An independent and separate unit is responsible for validating credit and market risk parameters.
COO Risk Functions is responsible for the development of the Group's risk appetite framework, stress testing engine and portfolio management. The department facilitates the quarterly processes of calculating and consolidating impairment charges against credit exposures and monitors and reports on the Group's consolidated credit portfolio, with sector- and country-specific views and risk appetites. The department's credit quality assurance team ensures that policies and procedures are properly implemented by the first line of defence. Finally, the department maintains the Group's recovery plan and is responsible for risk governance.
Operational Risk is responsible for the independent oversight and reporting of operational risk management and the establishment of the group-wide operational risk management framework. The department reviews and challenges operational risk in respect of the group-wide approach to operational risk management.
Market Risk monitors and reports on the Group's market risk.
Liquidity Risk Management is responsible for independently reviewing and challenging the methodologies and metrics applies in day-to-day liquidity management.
In cooperation with country managers, the country chief risk officers are responsible for ensuring compliance with local rules and regulations. Local risk committees are established where relevant.
CFO area
The CFO area is headed by the Group's Chief Financial Officer (the "CFO"), who is a member of the Executive Board. The CFO area oversees the Group's financial reporting, budgeting and strategic business analysis, including the tools used by the business units for performance follow-up.
The CFO area is also in charge of the Group's investor relations; relations with international rating agencies; capital management and treasury.
82

Group Treasury is responsible for executing the capital and funding plan, managing the Group's liquidity plan and monitoring its liquidity needs. Group Treasury also ensures that the Group's structural liquidity profile is within the defined limits and that the targets set by the Board of Directors and the All Risk Committee as well as regulatory and prudential requirements are met. Furthermore, Group Treasury is responsible for asset and liability management, private equity activities and long-term funding activities.
Group Capital, which is part of Group Treasury, is responsible for the overall management of the Group's capital position, and tasks include calculating the total risk of REA, performing the Group's internal capital adequacy assessment process ("ICAAP") and allocating capital to the business units. In addition, Group Capital is responsible for the Group's forward-looking views in terms of capital, including the implementation of new regulation, planned issuances of capital instruments, the Group's payout policy and stress testing for ICAAP and regulatory purposes.
Group Compliance
Group Compliance is responsible for identifying, assessing, monitoring and reporting on whether the Group complies with applicable laws, regulations and internal requirements. The head of Group Compliance reports to the CEO.
COO area
The COO area is headed by the Group's Chief Operating Officer (the "COO"), who is a member of the Executive Board. The COO area is responsible for the Group's operations and Group IT. Group IT is headed by the Group's Chief Technology Officer (the "CTO").
The Group's Chief Information Security Officer (the "CISO") reports functionally to the CTO, with a secondary reporting line to the CRO. The CISO heads Group IT Security & Risk within Group IT. Group IT Security & Risk performs control monitoring and ensures compliance with the Security Policy as a second line of defence function.
Chiefof Staff
Group Communications, Group Legal, Regulatory Affairs, CEO Office, the non-core business units and the Societal Impact & Sustainability function are headed by the Group's Chief of Staff. The Chief of Staff reports to the CEO.
Business Units
Each of the Banking DK, Banking Nordic, Corporate & Institutions and Wealth Management business units is headed by a member of the Executive Board. Northern Ireland is the fifth business unit serving personal and business customers, and it is a separate legal entity with its own executive board and separate board of directors.
The mandate of the business units to originate credit applications, take deposits and undertake investments for the Group is regulated by risk policies, instructions and limits. The Group strives to cultivate a corporate culture that supports and enforces the organisation's objective of assuming selected risks in accordance with the defined guidelines.
The heads of the business units and the heads of the operations and service functions are responsible for all business-related risks, and their responsibilities extend across national borders. Lending authorities are cascaded down from the Board of Directors, through the Executive Board to Group Risk Management, to lending officers at the business units. Credit applications exceeding the delegated lending authorities are submitted to the Group Credit Committee and to the Board of Directors. While the business units are responsible for risk assessments, the credit oversight functions led by the heads of credit at Group Risk Management oversee that credit applications are within the defined credit policy and credit risk appetite.
83

Procedures for new product approvals are based on a directive provided by the Executive Board to the heads of the business units. Materiality criteria determine whether the approval of new products is presented to the Group's chief risk officer. In cases of a reputational or material financial nature, both the Executive Board and the Board of Directors are involved in the approval process.
The business units perform the fundamental tasks required for sound risk management and controls. These tasks include updating customer information used in risk management systems and models as well as maintaining and following up on customer relationships. Each business unit is responsible for preparing documentation recording business transactions properly.
The business units ensure that all risk exposures do not exceed the specific risk limits and comply with the Group's relevant guidelines.
Crisis Management
The Group is a significant player in the Nordic financial markets and provides a number of critical functions upon which the financial systems in its core markets rely. The Group recognises the importance of having plans and procedures in place to ensure that it is viable in the long term and that the critical services are available.
The Group's operational crisis management is supported by business continuity plans, which describe measures that can restore the Group's operational capabilities and that allow it to recover from material operational risk events.
In a situation of severe financial stress, the Group's contingency plans for capital and liquidity will ensure that the Group takes measures to restore the Group's capital, liquidity and funding position.
The Group has prepared a recovery plan in the event that conditions deteriorate and threaten its liquidity or capital position and thus its long-term viability. The plan documents a framework that ensures that proper monitoring is in place to identify and understand any potential threats to the Group. It describes the governance processes and the selection of actions to be implemented to restore the Group's long-term viability.
The Group discusses the recovery plan with the DFSA and foreign supervisory authorities on an annual basis.
Legal Proceedings
Owing to its business volume, the Group is continually a party to various lawsuits and disputes and has an on-going dialogue with public authorities such as the DFSA. Although the outcome of claims, lawsuits or other legal proceedings against the Issuer or the Group cannot be predicted with certainty, neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened) which may have, or have had during the 12 months preceding the date of this Offering Memorandum, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.
The Group has concluded that, in the period from 2007 to 2015, it was not sufficiently effective in preventing the branch in Estonia from potentially being used for money laundering and that this was due to critical deficiencies in governance and controls. As a result, comprehensive investigations into conditions at the Estonian branch during the period in question were launched in the autumn of 2017. The investigations focus on two separate things: A thorough review of customers and transactions during the period, and an examination of the course of events, including whether managers and employees lived up to their responsibilities to a sufficient degree from a governance perspective. The investigations are expected to be completed in September 2018 at the latest. These investigations and the events that took place in the Estonian branch are being discussed with public authorities such as the DFSA and the Estonian FSA.
The Issuer has continuous dialogues with the supervisory authorities in the markets where the Group is active. As part of the ongoing dialogue with the authorities in various markets, the Issuer has discussed the AML
84

matters at its branch in Estonia, and several other authorities have asked questions pertaining to the Issuer's alleged involvement in the so-called "Russian Laundromat" and "Azerbaijan Laundromat." In Denmark, supervisory orders and reprimands are publicly available.
In March 2016, after an on-site AML inspection, the DFSA issued eight orders to the Issuer, and in September 2016, the Issuer submitted a statement to the effect that, in its assessment, the Issuer was in compliance with the orders. The final statement from the DFSA included a notification to the Danish Public Prosecutor for Serious Economic and International Crime, and the Issuer was reported to the police for non-compliance with AML legislation on correspondent banks. On 21 December 2017, the Issuer accepted a fine in the amount of DKK 12.5 million for violation of Danish AML legislation. The fine was given for not having monitored transactions executed as part of business relations in the period from November 2012 to the issuing of an order on 15 March 2016 (which was to be implemented by 1 August 2016) to ensure that the transactions matched the undertaking's or the person's knowledge of the customer and the customer's business and risk profile, including, where necessary, the origin of the funds since the Issuer in relation to transactions executed in connection with its correspondent bank relationships did not monitor transactions where the transactions did not involve a customer of the Issuer. In October 2017, the DFSA conducted a follow-up inspection at the Issuer. The purpose of the inspection was to assess the Issuer's compliance with the DFSA's AML orders from March 2016. At the inspection, the DFSA found that the Issuer had complied with all orders except the aspect of the order on the establishment of correspondent bank relationships that involves ensuring that the information obtained by the Issuer is included to a sufficient degree in the decision-making basis for the Issuer's management. The DFSA noted that the Issuer, after the follow up inspection, has taken initiatives to ensure that the Issuer's management is informed in a sufficiently clear manner about the risk associated with the establishment of a correspondent bank relationship.
As announced in October 2017, the Issuer was placed under investigation by the French Tribunal de Grande Instance de Paris court in relation to suspicions of money laundering concerning transactions carried out by customers of Danske Bank Estonia from 2008 to 2011. The investigation relates to transactions in the amount of approximately EUR 15 million that was transferred to France during 2008-2011 by former customers at Danske Bank Estonia. The customers were part of the portfolio of foreign customers at Danske Bank Estonia (non-resident customers). The Issuer has subsequently terminated all accounts in that portfolio. The transactions are included in the Issuer's ongoing investigation of the situation at its Estonian branch, as discussed above. On 25 January 2018, the French court Tribunal de Grande Instance de Paris changed the status of the Issuer in the investigation to that of an assisted witness. This means that the Issuer is no longer placed under formal investigation, but still forms part of the case as an assisted witness.
On 3 May 2018, the DFSA published a decision document regarding the Issuer's management and governance in relation to the AML case at its Estonian Branch. The assessment related to whether rules relating to management and controls, and other Danish rules, had been complied with and stated that it had uncovered serious weaknesses in the Group's governance in a number of areas, and contains criticism of the Group's governance, internal controls and responses. The DFSA concluded that, based on the information available, there were not sufficient grounds to bring actions under the fit and proper rules against the Issuer's current members of management or staff. In its decision, the DFSA issued eight orders and eight reprimands principally relating to the Issuer's management, internal controls and governance in relation to the AML case at its Estonian Branch as well as its handling of the matter from the process and information delivery perspective. The Board of Directors and the Executive Board must submit a written report to the DFSA by June 30, 2018 stating how the Group has ensured compliance with the orders. The DFSA did not assess compliance with rules on measures to prevent money laundering (AML measures) as, pursuant to EU regulation, the Estonian FSA supervises compliance by branches in Estonia with such rules. The DFSA noted in its decision document dated 3 May 2018 that the Issuer's ongoing investigations into the conditions at the Estonian branch could lead to new assessments and supervisory actions by the DFSA.
New Capital and Liquidity Regulations
New regulations for the financial sector have been implemented in the EU and beyond. The Group has implemented the new regulations from 1 January 2014, subject to transitional provisions.
85

European implementation of the Basel III Framework
The final versions of the CRR and the CRD IV Directive (in each case as defined above) were adopted in June 2013. The framework implemented among other things Basel III in the EU.
Under the CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of REA (of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 capital, and at least 6 per cent. must be Tier 1 capital). In addition to these so-called minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements, the CRD IV Directive (including, but not limited to, Article 104(i)(a)128) contemplates that competent authorities may require additional Pillar 2 capital to be maintained by an institution relating to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements or to address macro-prudential requirements.
CRD IV introduced a combined buffer that applies in addition to the Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital requirement and will be phased in from 2015 to 2019. The combined buffer consists of a countercyclical buffer, a capital conservation buffer and a SIFI buffer.
The capital conservation buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer are designed to ensure that credit institutions accumulate a sufficient capital base during periods of economic growth to absorb losses during periods of stress. The capital conservation buffer is being gradually phased in to a final level of 2.5 per cent. in 2019. The countercyclical buffer requirement is calculated as a weighted average of the national buffers in effect in the jurisdictions in which a bank has credit exposures.
Since June 2014, the DFSA has designated the Issuer as a SIFI. Consequently, the Issuer is subject to stricter capital requirements than non-SIFI banks. The fully phased-in SIFI buffer requirement in 2019 will be 3 per cent. The intention is for the capital requirements imposed on Danish SIFIs to be on a par with the requirements set in other comparable European countries.
Under Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, Member States must require that institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement will be subject to restrictions on "discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly by the CRD IV Directive as distributions in connection with Common Equity Tier 1 capital, payments on Additional Tier 1 instruments and payments of variable remuneration). The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer requirement.
According to the current implementation of the CRD IV Directive in Denmark, the combined buffer requirement is stacked on top of the Pillar 2 capital requirements. If the combined buffer requirement is breached, the institution has to submit a capital conservation plan for approval by the DFSA. However, for the purpose of determining automatic restrictions on discretionary payments (i.e. the Maximum Distributable Amount or the "MDA"), Pillar 2 capital requirements should not be taken into account. Nonetheless, the DFSA may choose to impose restrictions on discretionary payments on the basis of the submitted capital conservation plan. There can be no assurance as to the relationship between any of the aforementioned or future incremental own funds requirements, any combined buffer requirement and the associated restrictions on discretionary payments. According to the European Commission's proposal to amend the CRD IV Directive in the EU Banking Reform, the Pillar 2 capital requirements should be taken into account when the combined buffer requirement is breached and the MDA is determined. Furthermore, according to the European Commission's proposal for an EU Banking Reform, the combined buffer is also stacked on top of the MREL requirement. Consequently, MREL also needs to be taken into account in the calculation of the MDA, subject to a six-month grace period in case of inability to issue eligible debt, during which restrictions relating to MDA would not be triggered, but authorities would be able to take other appropriate measures.
In addition, the CRD IV Directive includes a requirement for credit institutions to calculate, report, monitor and publish their leverage ratios, defined as their tier 1 capital as a percentage of their total exposure measure. According to the current rules defined in the CRR, the Issuer had a leverage ratio of 4.6 per cent. at the end of December 2016. A minimum leverage ratio requirement is expected to be implemented at EU level with the implementation of the EU Banking Reform, and until such time regulators may apply such measures as they
86

consider appropriate. In Denmark the risk of excessive leverage is addressed as part of the Pillar 2 capital requirements.
The phase-in of the capital requirements follows the path in the CRR until 2018-2021 unless required earlier in applicable Danish legislation. The Group estimates that the remaining impact of CRR on the CET1 capital ratio will be a further reduction of 0.1 percentage points as of 31 December 2016 when the rules are fully implemented in 2018. According to the CRR, instruments that no longer qualify as additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital shall be subject to grandfathering, which means that such instruments will be phased out gradually until 2021.
The EU Banking Reform includes a proposal to review the CRR and the CRD IV Directive. The proposed amendments include, inter alia, changes to the market risk by implementing FRTB and the counterparty credit risk framework, introduction of a leverage ratio requirement and an NSFR requirement, revisions to the Pillar 2 framework, transition of IFRS 9 and its impact on capital ratios and revisions to the framework concerning IRRBB. The Group does not expect that the proposed changes will have any significant effect on its overall capital requirements.
As regards liquidity, the European Commission imposed two liquidity ratios: the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") and the NSFR. The LCR stipulates that banks must have a liquidity buffer that ensures a survival horizon of at least 30 calendar days in the case of a seriously stressed liquidity situation. The NSFR is intended to ensure a sound funding structure by promoting an increase in long-dated funding. The NSFR stipulates that at all times banks must have stable funding equal to the amount of their illiquid assets for one year ahead.
Danish SIFIs must have an LCR of 100 per cent. This requirement was enforced by October 2015. The NSFR awaits final specifications from the European Commission. The NSFR requirement is expected to be implemented at EU level with the implementation of the EU Banking Reform.
With an LCR of 171 per cent. at the end of 2017, the Group complied with the LCR requirement as defined by the European Commission. The Group also complied with all other liquidity requirements. Stress tests show that the Group has sufficient liquidity buffer for more than the coming twelve months.
In December 2017, the Basel Committee of Banking Supervision published the final version of their review of the standardised approach for credit and operational risk, constraints on the use of internal model approaches and the possible implementation of a broad REA floor based on the standardised approaches for measuring credit, market and operational risk. It is still too early to assess final effects of these potential changes since the political dialogue on how and when to implement the revised standards in the EU has not yet been initiated. The stipulations of EU legislation are not expected to be fully known until 2021 at the earliest. On the basis of the strong earnings capacity and capitalisation, the Group is confident that it will be able to adapt smoothly to the future changes in EU regulatory requirements in relation to the revised Basel standards.
Regulatory Initiatives to Secure Financial Stability (The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive - BRRD)
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted a directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (i.e., the BRRD). The BRRD, including the general bail-in tool and MREL, was implemented into Danish law and entered into force as of 1 June 2015 by the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act.
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. If the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest, the relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone or in combination without the consent
87

of the institution's creditors, including the Holders: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in relating to eligible liabilities - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down or convert to equity all or a part of certain claims of unsecured creditors, including the Holders, and to write-down or convert to equity certain unsecured debt claims (including the Notes) (i.e., the general bail-in tool), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework.
An institution or, under certain conditions, a group will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further statutory power to permanently write down (or convert into equity) tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption). Any shares issued to holders of such capital instruments upon any such statutory conversion into equity may also be subject to subsequent application of resolution tools, which may result in cancellation or dilution of the shareholding.
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group will no longer be viable unless the relevant tier 1 and/or tier 2 capital instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group would no longer be viable.
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed institutions, or under certain conditions, groups, which may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the institution or group as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments.
With the implementation of the BRRD, European banks are required to have bail in-able resources in order to fulfil MREL. There is no minimum EU-wide level of MREL - each resolution authority is required to make a separate determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each banking group within its jurisdiction, depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other characteristics of each institution.
In March 2018, the DFSA published its decision to set the MREL for the Group. As expected, the requirement was set to be equivalent to two times the capital requirement including capital buffer requirements. Danish mortgage credit institutions are exempt from MREL and are instead subject to a so-called debt buffer requirement of 2 per cent. of their unweighted loans. Due to this exemption, Realkredit Danmark is not included in the consolidation when determining the MREL for the Group. Furthermore, liabilities and own funds used to fulfil MREL cannot be simultaneously used to fulfil the capital and debt buffer requirements that apply to Realkredit
88

Danmark. The DFSA also requires that all the MREL eligible liabilities and own funds must bear losses before other senior unsecured claims in both resolution and insolvency. A legislative proposal that is currently being processed will introduce a new layer in the creditor hierarchy for financial institutions, so-called non-preferred senior debt. Danish SIFIs must fulfil their MREL from 1 July 2019, but in transition to 1 January 2022, they can also include senior preferred liabilities issued before 1 January 2018. The MREL requirement may require Danish SIFIs and other banks to issue own funds instruments or debt eligible for MREL in accordance with the BRRD, the latter of which includes unsecured non-preferred senior debt with residual maturity of at least one year. If an institution does not fulfil the MREL requirement after 1 July 2019, the relevant authority may withdraw its banking license. Also, a comparable concept for loss absorption, TLAC, has been set for G SIIs. The TLAC requirement also takes effect from 2019. The Group is currently not identified as a G-SII.
On 14 March 2018, a bill proposing that the total resolution related requirements for each individual Danish SIFI group will always constitute at least 8 per cent. of all liabilities including own funds was presented to the Danish Parliament. The bill is not expected to significantly impact the Issuer. However, as the bill has not been adopted, the exact content of the final rules are presently not known.
The European Commission's EU Banking Reform also includes proposals to implement TLAC into EU legislation. The incorporation of the TLAC standard into the existing MREL framework is expected to provide clarity in the regulatory framework surrounding MREL and TLAC, both in terms of the framework for setting banks' requirements as well as the instruments that can be used to fulfil such requirements. The implementation of a TLAC requirement for G-SII in the EU could influence the implementation of MREL and therefore could impact the required MREL for the Group. Furthermore, the reform of the existing MREL framework in the BRRD may impact the interaction between the MREL requirement and the combined capital buffer requirement to the extent that a breach of MREL may lead to restrictions on the MDA.
The powers set out in the already adopted BRRD impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The BRRD outlines the priority ranking of certain deposits in an insolvency hierarchy, which required changes to the insolvency hierarchy in Denmark. The BRRD establishes a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly, for insured depositors and, secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises held in EEA or non-EEA branches of an EEA bank. These preferred deposits rank ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Bank, including the Holders, in the insolvency hierarchy. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be changed in the future.
In accordance with the BRRD and the Danish act on restructuring and resolution of certain financial undertakings, a Danish resolution fund was established in 2015. Under certain conditions, the Danish resolution fund can make contributions in case of resolution of a financial institution. The assets of the Danish resolution fund must amount to at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all Danish financial institutions by 31 December 2024. Each Danish financial institution must make annual contributions to the Danish resolution fund on the basis of its size and risk relative to other financial institutions in Denmark. The first contributions to the Danish resolution fund were paid in the fourth quarter of 2015. If the Danish resolution fund incurs losses, the annual contribution may be increased or continued/resumed after 31 December 2024. In addition and in accordance with the Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive as implemented into Danish law, Danish credit institutions are required to make contributions to the Danish Guarantee Fund, which covers losses incurred on covered deposits in distressed credit institutions. Similarly, the Group's entities in Finland, Luxembourg and the U.K. are required to contribute to resolution funds that have been established in the respective countries.
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted Directive 2017/2399/EU amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The directive enables banks to issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt that would rank below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution (a so-called "non-preferred senior debt"). The directive is currently being transposed into national laws in the Member States, including into Danish law. On 14 March 2018, a bill proposing implementation of the directive was presented in the Danish Parliament. According to the bill as published, the rules will not affect the existing stock of bank debt and will apply to issuances of bank
89

debt made from 1 January 2018 or later in the concerned category following the date of application of the amendment. However, as the bill has not been adopted, the exact content of the final rules are presently not known.
Solvency II (insurance)
The new international insurance rules, Solvency II, took effect on 1 January 2016. The rules are intended to protect customer funds, and they will generally increase capital requirements. Danica Pension was well prepared. While the previous Solvency I capital requirements were volume based, the Solvency II requirements are risk based. As a forerunner of the Solvency II rules, the DFSA introduced individual solvency need requirements in 2007. Under these requirements, which are also risk based, Danish insurance companies were required to meet the higher of Solvency I and individual solvency need requirements. The individual solvency need requirements have been changed gradually in the period up to 2014 to bring Danish requirements closer to the Solvency II requirements.
Recent Developments
Changes to the Group's Organisation
In April 2018, the Issuer announced changes to its organisation effective as of 2 May 2018 in order to move the Group closer to its customers and strengthen its business development activities. Personal Banking and Business Banking, which had operated as separate business units, were merged into country organisations within two new units: Banking DK and Banking Nordic (Norway, Sweden and Finland). The C&I business unit and the Wealth Management business unit maintain their global organisations. In order to strengthen its business development activities, the Group gathered all development and strategy competencies in a new unit called Group Development.
Business Review Baltics
In April 2018, the Group announced that, as of 1 April 2018, it had decided to reposition its business activities in the Baltic countries to focus exclusively on supporting subsidiaries of Nordic customers and global corporates with a significant Nordic footprint. All other local Baltic customers, which are primarily customers of the former Business Banking business unit, will be transferred to the Non-core business unit. As at 31 March 2018, the lending volume to be transferred from Business Banking to Non-core totalled DKK 13 billion.
Decision from the DFSA Regarding the Group's Management and Governance in Relation to the AML Matter Concerning its Branch in Estonia
The DFSA has assessed the role of the Group's management and senior employees in the AML matter relating to the now closed-down non-resident portfolio at the Group's branch in Estonia. The assessment related to whether rules relating to management and controls, and other Danish rules, had been complied with and stated that it had uncovered serious weaknesses in the Group's governance in a number of areas, and contains criticism of the Group's governance, internal controls and responses. In its decision document dated 3 May 2018, the DFSA imposed on the Issuer eight orders and eight reprimands, as further discussed under "Description o f the Group-- Legal and Arbitration Proceedings'" The Group has taken note of the orders and reprimands. In addition to the initiatives already taken in recent years, the Group will now launch further measures to ensure that it complies with all orders. The Board of Directors and the Executive Board must submit a written report to the DFSA by 30 June 2018 stating how the Group has ensured compliance with the orders. The DFSA did not assess compliance with rules on measures to prevent money laundering (AML measures) as, pursuant to EU regulation, the Estonian FSA supervises compliance by branches in Estonia with such rules.
Among other things, the DFSA ordered the Board of Directors and the Executive Board to reassess the Issuer's and the Group's solvency need in order to ensure an adequate internal capital coverage of compliance and reputational risks as a result of weaknesses in the Group's governance. The DFSA initially estimated that a Pillar II add-on should amount to at least DKK 5 billion, or approximately 0.7 per cent. of the Group's REA as at 31
90

December 2017. An add-on of DKK 5 billion would have increased the Group's solvency need from 10.5 per cent. to 11.2 per cent. as at 31 March 2018. As at 31 March 2018, the Group's total capital ratio was 21.4 per cent.
The Group had earlier concluded that, in the period from 2007 to 2015, it was not sufficiently effective in preventing the branch in Estonia from potentially being used for money laundering and that this was due to critical deficiencies in governance and controls. As a result, comprehensive investigations into conditions at the Estonian branch during the period in question were launched in the autumn of 2017. The investigations focus on two separate things: A thorough review of customers and transactions during the period, and an examination of the course of events, including whether managers and employees lived up to their responsibilities to a sufficient degree from a governance perspective. The investigations are expected to be completed in September 2018 at the latest.
The non-resident portfolio in Estonia, to which the problems relate, has been closed down, and in recent years, the Group has made significant investments in compliance activities. Moreover, after the organizational changes announced on 6 April 2018, the compliance unit reports directly to the CEO.
For additional information, see "Description o f the Group--Legal Proceedings."
91

Management of Danske Bank

The Issuer's administrative bodies are the Board of Directors and the Executive Board. The Board of Directors, which consists of non-executive directors, is elected by the shareholders of the Issuer at the annual general meeting, with the exception of those directors who are elected pursuant to prevailing law concerning employee representation on the Board of Directors (currently four). The non-employee directors, who are elected by the shareholders, are elected for terms of one year and the number of such directors may range from six to ten. Directors are eligible for re-election. The Issuer's Executive Board may consist of two to ten members who are responsible for the day-to-day business and affairs of the Issuer. The business address of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board is 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark.

The present members of the Board of Directors and their external positions are as follows: Members o f the Board o fDirectors elected by the general meeting

Ole Andersen, Chairman

Directorships and other offices:

Bang & Olufsen A/S (Chairman)

Chr. Hansen Holding A/S (Chairman)

Nasdaq Nordic Ltd. (Member of the Nomination Committee)

The Danish Committee on Corporate Governance (Member)

CBS (Copenhagen Business School) (Adjunct professor)

DenmarkBridge (Member of the Board o f Directors)

Fonden Human Practice Foundation (Member o f the Board of Directors).

Carol Sergeant, Vice Chairman

Directorships and other offices:

TP ICAP plc (Member o f the Board o f Directors)

BNY Mellon SA/NV (Member of the Board of Directors)

Threadneedle Solutions Ltd (Company Director)

British Standards Institute Policy (Chairman)

Lloyds Register Foundation (Trustee and member of the Audit and Investment Committee)

The Governing Council of the Centre for the Study of Financial Innovation (CSFI) (Trustee and Member).

92

Ingrid Bonde Directorships and other offices:
Lars-Erik Brenøe Directorships and other offices:

Hoist Finance (Chairman) Loomis AB (Member of the Board of Directors) Securitas AB (Member of the Board of Directors) Climate Policy Council (Chairman) Swedish Corporate Governance Board (Member).

Executive Vice President, Head of Chairman's Office, A.P. Møller-Maersk A/S

A.P. Møller and Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney Møller Foundation (A.P. Møller og Hustru Chastine Mc Kinney Møller Fond til almene Formaal) (Member of the Boards of Directors) and the affiliated undertakings

·

A.P. Møller Holding A/S

·

APMH Invest A/S

·

A.P. Møller Holding Invest II A/S

·

Firmaet A.P. Møller(Member of the

Executive Board)

·

Maersk Property A/S (Chairman)

·

Maersk Training A/S (Chairman)

·

Odense Staalskibsværft A/S (Chairman)

Maersk Broker K/S (Vice Chairman) and the affiliated undertakings

·

Maersk Broker A/S (Vice Chairman)

·

Maersk Broker Holding A/S (Chairman)

·

Navigare Capital Partners A/S (Chairman)

·

Maersk Broker Advisory Services A/S

(Chairman)

The A.P. Moller Family Foundation (A.P. Møller og Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney Møllers Familiefond) (Member o f the Board o f Directors)

LINDØ port o f Odense A/S (Member o f the Board of Directors)

Fonden Lindoe Offshore Renewables Center (Member o f the Board o f Directors)

93

Jøm P. Jensen Directorships and other offices:
Jens Due Olsen Directorships and other offices
Rolv Erik Ryssdal Directorships and other offices:

The Confederation of Danish Industry (Member of the Council)
The Danish Committee on Foundation Governance (Vice Chairman).

Chief Financial Officer of Dyson James Group Limited
Dyson James Group Limited (Member o f the Boards of Directors of several affiliated undertakings)
VEON Ltd. (Member o f the Board o f Directors and Chairman o f the Audit Committee).

KMD A/S (Chairman)
NKT A/S (Chairman)
Auris III Luxembourg SA (Sivantos GmbH) (Chairman)
Cryptomathic A/S (Member of the Board of Directors)
BømeBasketFonden (not-for-profit) (Chairman)
The Danish Committee on Corporate Governance (Vice Chairman).

Chief Executive Officer of Schibsted ASA

Schibsted Media Group (Chairman or member o f the Board of Directors o f the subsidiaries)

·

Schibsted Classified Media AS

·

Schibsted Norge AS

·

Schibsted Multimedia AS

·

Schibsted Print Media AS

·

Schibsted Eiendom AS

·

Finn.no AS.

94

Hilde Tonne

Directorships and other offices:

Ramboll Group (Executive Director and Chief Innovation Officer)

Hafslund AS (Chairman).

Members o f the Board o f Directors elected by the Group's employees in Denmark

Bente Bang

Member of the Board of Directors of Danske Kreds

Directorships and other offices:

None.

Kirsten Ebbe Brich

Chairman of Danske Kreds

Directorships and other offices:

Danske Kreds' Jubilæumsfond (Chairman)

Danske Unions (transnational association of local Danske Bank Group staff unions) (Chairman)

Danske Banks Pensionskasse for Førtidspensionister (Member o f the Board o f Directors)

Danske Banks Velfærdsfond af 1993 (Member of the Board of Directors)

Financial Services Union in Denmark (Finansforbundet) (Member o f the Executive Committee).

Thorbjørn Lundholm Dahl

Team lead Regulation & CX, Business Banking, Danske Bank

Directorships and other offices:

None.

Charlotte Hoffmann

Senior Personal Adviser

Directorships and other offices:

None.

The present members o f the Executive Board and their external positions are as follows

Thomas F. Borgen

Chief Executive Officer

Directorships and other offices:

Finans Danmark (Second Vice Chairman)

Kong Olav V 's Fond (Member of the Board of Directors)

FR I af 16. september 2015 A/S (Member of the Board of Directors)

Foreningen af 31 December 2016 (Member of

95

Jesper Nielsen Directorships and other offices:
Glenn Soderholm Directorships and other offices:
Jakob Groot Directorships and other offices: Jacob Aarup-Andersen Directorships and other offices:
Frederik Gjessing Vinten Directorships and other offices:
Jim Ditmore Directorships and other offices:

Representative Council). Head of Banking DK E-Nettet A/S (Chairman) Realkredit Danmark A/S (Chairman) MobilePay A/S (Chairman) MobilePay Denmark A/S (Chairman). Head of Banking Nordic Danske Hypotek AB (publ) (Chairman) Danske Leasing A/S (Chairman) Danske Mortgage Bank Plc (Chairman) NASDAQ Nordic Ltd. (Member o f the Board of Directors). Head of C&I Realkredit Danmark A/S (Member of the Board of Directors). Head of Wealth Management Kreditforeningen Danmarks Pensionsafviklingskasse (Chairman) Forsikringsselskabet Danica, Skadeforsikringsaktieselskab af 1999 (Chairman) Danica Pension, Livsforsikringsaktieselskab (Chairman) Realkredit Danmark A/S (Vice Chairman) Danske Invest Management A/S (Chairman). Head of Group Development GateTu (Member of the Board of Directors) MobilePay A/S (Member of the Board o f Directors) MobilePay Danmark A/S (Member o f the Board of Directors). Chief Operating Officer (Head of Group Services & group IT). ITPeopleNetwork (Member o f the Customer
96

Advisory Board)

Northern Bank Limited (Member o f the Board of Directors)

MobilePay A/S (Member of the Board o f Directors)

MobilePay Denmark A/S (Member o f the Board of Directors).

Carsten Egeriis

Head of Group Risk Management.

Directorships and other offices:

Northern Bank Limited (Member of the Board of Directors)

Realkredit Danmark A/S (Member o f the Board of Directors).

Henriette Ellekrog

Head of Group HR

Directorships and other offices:

Danish Employers' Association for the Financial Sector (Chairman)

The Confederation of Danish Industry's Advisory Board for "Women on Board" (Member o f the Advisory Board)

Realkredit Danmark A/S (Member of the Board of Directors)

The Danish-Norwegian Collaboration Foundation (Member o f the Board o f Directors).

In addition, the Group announced that it has appointed Christian Baltzer as the new Chief Financial Officer. Mr Baltzer is expected to join the Executive Board on 15 October 2018. Mr Baltzer is currently the Group CFO of Tryg. Until 15 October 2018 Morten Mosegaard will carry out the tasks as interim Head of the CFO area, but will not in this capacity be joining the Executive Board.

The external positions for the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board may change. Updates of this information can be found on the Danske Bank homepage, https://danskebank.com/aboutus/management.

After application of the relevant laws and conflict of interest policies of the Issuer, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties to the Issuer of the persons on the Board of Directors and the Executive Board and their private interests and/or other duties listed above.

97

MARKET INFORMATION The Shares (as defined in `Description o f the Ordinary Shares'' below) are listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. The ISIN for the Shares is DK0010274414. Information about the past performance of the Shares and their volatility can be obtained from the website of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S at www.nasdaqomxnordic.com. Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S can trace its roots from the foundation of the Copenhagen stock exchange in 1808 and is the major stock exchange in Copenhagen with status as a regulated market as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 2004 on Markets in Financial Instruments. It is supervised by the DFSA. By the end of 2016 there were 139 companies, 1,952 bonds and 445 investment funds listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. The value of average daily share trading of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S in December 2016 amounted to EUR 2.8 billion. Prices are published on the website of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, and they are published within 15 minutes of a change occurring.
98

DESCRIPTION OF THE ORDINARY SHARES
Form and denomination
The Issuer has only one class of shares (the "Ordinary Shares"). The share capital is fully paid up. The Ordinary Shares are issued in a denomination of DKK 10 through the Danish VP Securities A/S in accordance with the provisions of Danish law regarding the issue of listed securities. Notice of rights in respect of the Ordinary Shares must be given to the Danish VP Securities A/S. The Ordinary Shares are negotiable instruments and are issued as registered shares. No special rights attach to any Ordinary Share. No shareholder is under an obligation to have his Ordinary Shares redeemed, either in full or in part. There are no restrictions on the negotiability of the Ordinary Shares.
VP Investor Services A/S maintains the Issuer's share register.
Supervisory approvalfor certain acquisitions o f Ordinary Shares
Under Danish law, direct or indirect acquisitions of Ordinary Shares require approval from the DFSA when resulting in a qualified holding. A holding is qualified if it amounts to 10 per cent. or more of the capital or of the voting rights or otherwise renders it possible to exercise a significant influence over the management of the Issuer. Approval is also required each time a qualified holding increases so that it amounts to or exceeds 20, 33 or 50 per cent. of the capital or of the voting rights or such that it causes the Issuer to become a subsidiary pursuant to Danish law. These rules apply to purchases as well as other methods o f acquiring Ordinary Shares, for example conversion o f the Notes into Ordinary Shares.
Reporting requirements at certain levels o fshareholding
As long as the Ordinary Shares are listed on a regulated market in the EEA anyone acquiring or disposing of Ordinary Shares must report its holding to the Issuer and to the DFSA each time the number of Ordinary Shares or voting rights of that shareholder reaches, exceeds or falls below 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 33 1/3, 50, 66 2/3 or 90 per cent. This applies regardless o f whether the shareholder has acquired the Ordinary Shares by way o f a conversion of the Notes or in any other way. When calculating the number of Ordinary Shares or voting rights the shareholder must include Ordinary Shares held by certain other related persons or entities as further detailed in Danish legislation.
Mandatory bids
Anyone who acquires more than a third of the voting rights of the Issuer is obliged, pursuant to the Danish Capital Markets Act, to publish immediately the size of its holding (together with those of related parties) and, no later than four weeks thereafter, make a public offering for the remaining outstanding Ordinary Shares.
Right to attend general meetings o fshareholders
At general meetings of shareholders each Ordinary Share carries one vote. Each shareholder is entitled to participate in general meetings and vote for the full number of Ordinary Shares held by such shareholder. A shareholder is entitled to attend together with an adviser and to be represented by proxy on a general meeting of shareholders. Any shareholder who has requested an admission card no later than two days before the general meeting or has sent an instrument appointing a proxy so that it is received by VP Investor Services A/S no later than two days before the general meeting will be entitled to attend the meeting. A general meeting is called by the Board of Directors at not more than five weeks' and not less than three weeks' notice, by announcement on Danske Bank's website (httys://danskebank.com) and in writing to all registered shareholders who have requested such notification.
99

The notice convening the general meeting will state the time and place and the agenda specifying the business to be transacted. If the general meeting is to transact amendments to the Articles of Association, the notice must contain the full wording of any proposals.
The agenda and the proposals in extenso (and in the case of the annual general meeting also the audited annual report) must be made available for inspection by the shareholders no later than two weeks prior to the general meeting and must also be available for a period of three weeks beginning no later than three weeks before the general meeting, including the day of the general meeting, at Danske Bank's website, with information about the total number of Ordinary Shares and voting rights at the date of convening, the documents to be submitted to the general meeting and the forms to be used for voting by proxy and by letter.
Any shareholder is entitled to have specified business transacted at the annual general meeting, provided that the shareholder submits a request in writing to this effect to the Board of Directors and such request is received by the Board of Directors no later than six weeks before the annual general meeting or one week after the publication of the annual report.
Decisions at the general meeting are taken by a simple majority of votes, unless otherwise provided by law or by the Articles of Association. In case of parity of votes on an election, the election is decided by drawing lots.
Resolutions regarding an amendment to the Articles of Association which pursuant to law cannot be made by the Board of Directors is passed only if adopted by not less than two-thirds of the votes cast and by not less than two-thirds of the share capital represented at the general meeting and entitled to vote, always provided that such amendments are not subject to more stringent statutory provisions.
A resolution to wind up the Issuer by merger or voluntary liquidation is passed only if adopted by not less than three-quarters of the votes cast and by not less than three-quarters of the share capital represented at the general meeting and entitled to vote and amendments to this provision must be adopted by the same majorities.
Right to receive dividends
Any declaration of dividends under Danish law must be adopted by the general meeting. Dividends may only be declared to the extent there are distributable funds and to the extent that such declaration is prudent. The shareholders may not, as a general rule, declare higher dividends than the Board of Directors has proposed or approved.
Neither the Danish Companies Act nor the Issuer's Articles of Association contain any restrictions regarding the dividend rights of shareholders resident outside Denmark. The Issuer has to deduct withholding tax.
Pre-emption rights
Upon any new issue of Ordinary Shares for cash, existing shareholders will, as provided by the Danish Companies Act, have pre-emption rights to subscribe for the new Ordinary Shares in proportion to their existing holdings, except in the case of issues of employee shares or issues offered by the Board of Directors without pre emption rights for existing shareholders.
The shareholders in a general meeting may decide to waive the above pre-emption rights.
For the avoidance of doubt, any new Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to the conversion of the Notes (in accordance with their terms) will not be subject to pre-emption rights of the shareholders.
Ordinary Share repurchases by the Issuer
According to the Danish Financial Business Act, the Issuer may not acquire own Ordinary Shares whether in ownership or by charge if, as a result of such acquisition, the accumulated nominal value of own Ordinary Shares
100

held by the Issuer or its subsidiary undertakings exceeds 10 per cent. The permissible holding of own Ordinary Shares includes Ordinary Shares acquired by a third party in its own name, but at the expense of the undertaking.
On 15 March 2018, the Annual General Meeting of the Issuer adopted the proposal to extend by one year the existing authorisation of the Board, in the period until 1 March 2023, to allow the Issuer and the Group to acquire own Ordinary Shares by way of ownership or pledge up to an aggregate value of 10 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital at the time of granting of the authority, provided that the Issuer's holding of own Ordinary Shares does not exceed 10 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital. If Ordinary Shares are acquired for ownership, the purchase price must not diverge from the price quoted on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S at the time of acquisition by more than 10 per cent. Information to shareholders
The Issuer normally discloses information to its shareholders by publication of company announcements or press releases and/or making the information available on its website, https://danskebank.com/investor-relations. Compulsory acquisition proceedings
Pursuant to the Danish Companies Act, a shareholder that directly or indirectly holds more than 90 per cent. of the Ordinary Shares is entitled to acquire the other shareholders' Ordinary Shares and each minority shareholder is entitled to require such majority shareholder to acquire its Ordinary Shares. Each holder of securities convertible into Ordinary Shares (including the Holders) or warrants is entitled to require the majority shareholder to acquire its convertible securities (including the Notes) or warrants notwithstanding that the majority shareholder does not exercise its right to acquire the outstanding Ordinary Shares. Transfers o f Ordinary Shares
A transfer of Ordinary Shares and other notices of rights in respect of the Ordinary Shares must be given to the Danish VP Securities A/S.
101

SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Joint-Lead Managers have, pursuant to a Subscription Agreement (the "Subscription Agreement") dated 22 June 2018, jointly and severally agreed to subscribe and pay for the Notes at the issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes. The Issuer will pay a commission to the Joint-Lead Managers pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. The Issuer will also reimburse the Joint-Lead Managers in respect of certain of their expenses, and has agreed to indemnify the Joint-Lead Managers against certain liabilities incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes. The Subscription Agreement may be terminated in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer.
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D
The Notes and the Conversion Shares to be delivered following the occurrence of a Trigger Event have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.
Each Joint-Lead Manager has agreed that, except as permitted by the Subscription Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date (the "distribution compliance period") within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and that it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person to which it sells the Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the respective meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes, any offer or sale of the Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors
Each Joint-Lead Manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Mediation Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive; and
(b) the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.
102

United Kingdom
E ach Joint-L ead M anager has represented and agreed that:
(a) Financial promotion: it h a s o n ly c o m m u n ic a te d o r c a u s e d to b e c o m m u n ic a te d , a n d w ill o n ly c o m m u n ic a te
or cause to be com m unicated, any invitation or inducem ent to engage in investm ent activity (w ithin the m eaning o f section 21 o f the Financial Services and M arkets A ct 2000) received by it in connection w ith the issue or sale o f the N otes in circum stances in w hich section 21(1) o f the Financial Services and M arkets A ct 2000 w ould not, if the Issuer w as not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and
(b ) General compliance: it h a s c o m p lie d a n d w ill c o m p ly w ith a ll a p p lic a b le p ro v is io n s o f th e F in a n c ia l
Services and M arkets A ct 2000 w ith respect to anything done by it in relation to the N otes in, from or otherw ise involving the U nited K ingdom .
Denmark
E ach Joint-L ead M anager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and w ill not offer, sell or deliver the N otes directly o r indirectly in D enm ark by w ay o f a public offering, unless in com pliance w ith the D anish C onsolidated A ct N o. 12 o f 8 January 2018 on C apital M arkets, as am ended, and any E xecutive O rders issued thereunder and in com pliance w ith E xecutive O rder N o. 747 o f 7 June 2017, as am ended, supplem ented or replaced from tim e to tim e, issued pursuant to the D anish Financial B usiness A ct.

Singapore

This O ffering M em orandum has not been registered as a prospectus w ith the M onetary A uthority o f Singapore, and the N otes w ill be offered pursuant to exem ptions under the Securities and Futures A ct, C hapter 289
o f S in g a p o re (th e " Securities and Futures Act" ). A c c o rd in g ly , th e N o te s m a y n o t b e o ffe re d o r s o ld o r m a d e th e
subject o f an invitation fo r subscription or purchase nor m ay this O ffering M em orandum or any other docum ent or m aterial in connection w ith the offer or sale or invitation fo r subscription or purchase o f the N otes be circulated or distributed, w hether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 274 o f the Securities and Futures A ct, (b) to a relevant person under Section 275(1) o f the Securities and Futures A ct o r to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A ) o f the Securities and Futures A ct and in accordance w ith the conditions specified in Section 275 o f the Securities and Futures A ct, or (c) otherw ise pursuant to, and in accordance w ith the conditions of, any o ther applicable provision o f the Securities and Futures A ct.

W here the N otes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 o f the Securities and Futures A ct by a re le v a n t p e rso n w h ich is:

(a)

a corporation (w hich is n o t an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A o f the Securities and Futures

A ct)) the sole business o f w hich is to hold investm ents and the entire share capital o f w hich is ow ned by

one o r m ore individuals, each o f w hom is an accredited investor; or

(b)

a tru st (w here the trustee is n o t an accredited investor) w hose sole purpose is to hold investm ents and each

ben eficiary is an individual w ho is an accredited investor,

securities (as defined in Section 239(1) o f the Securities and Futures A ct) o f that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (how soever described) in that trust shall not be transferable for 6 m onths after that corporation or that trust has acquired the N otes pursuant to an offer under Section 275 o f the Securities and Futures A ct except:

(i)

to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) o f the Securities and Futures

A ct or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A ) or Section 276(4)(i)(B ) o f the

Securities and Futures A ct; or

(ii)

w here no consideration is o r w ill be given fo r the transfer; or

(iii)

w here the tran sfer is b y operation o f law ; or

103

(iv) pursuant to Section 276(7) of the Securities and Futures Act or Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore.
Hong Kong Each Joint-Lead Manager has represented and agreed that:
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, the Notes other than (i) to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); (ii) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance.
General No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Joint-Lead Managers
that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Offering Memorandum comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint-Lead Managers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver the Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense.
The Subscription Agreement provides that the Joint-Lead Managers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Joint-Lead Managers described in the paragraph headed "General" above.
104

TAXATION
The following is a general description of relevant tax considerations and is not to be regarded as a complete tax analysis of all tax issues related to the Notes. Prospective holders of the Notes should consult their professional tax advisers if they are in doubt about their own tax position.
Denmark Taxation
According to the Danish tax laws in effect as of the date of this Offering Memorandum, (i) except as provided below, payments of interest or principal amounts to any holder of a Note are not subject to taxation in Denmark, (ii) no withholding tax should be required on such payments and (iii) any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark. In case the Notes are converted into Conversion Shares, dividends will be subject to a 27 per cent. Danish withholding tax. The tax may be reduced according to internal Danish legislation or any applicable tax treaty. This tax treatment applies solely to holders of the Notes who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included in a Danish joint taxation scheme or do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent establishment or the Note is not controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in the Danish Corporate Income Tax Act. There is no controlled debt in respect of holders of Notes who are not "affiliated" with the Issuer pursuant to section 3B of the Danish Tax Control Act (in Danish: Skattekontrolloven), Consolidation Act No. 1264 of 31 October 2013 as amended, and from 1 January 2019, Chapter 4 of the Danish Tax Control Act, Act No. 1535 of 19 December 2017, as amended (that is, they control or are controlled by the Issuer or are controlled by the same group of shareholders as the Issuer).
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as "FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Denmark) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT")
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia, (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of
105

circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders o f Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
106

GENERAL INFORMATION

1.

Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext

Dublin and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin with effect from the Issue Date.

The Issuer estimates that the amount of expenses related to the admission to trading of the Notes will be approximately EUR 4,540.

2.

The issue of the Notes was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 16

May 2018.

3.

The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The ISIN in

respect of the Notes is XS1825417535 and the Common Code in respect of the Notes is 182541753. The

address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the

address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855

Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are the entities in charge of keeping the records.

4.

The Notes and any Coupons or Talons appertaining to the Notes will bear a legend substantially to the

following effect: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under

the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the

Internal Revenue Code."

The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note or Coupon generally will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note or Coupon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

5.

On 3 May 2018, the DFSA ordered the Board of Directors and the Executive Board to reassess the Issuer's

and the Group's solvency need in order to ensure an adequate internal capital coverage of compliance and

reputational risks as a result of weaknesses in the Issuer's governance. The DFSA initially estimated that a

Pillar II add-on should amount to at least DKK 5 billion, or about 0.7 per cent. of the REA (risk exposure

amount) at the end of 2017.

(i) Save as outlined immediately above, there has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer or of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 March 2018, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared; and

(ii) there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2017, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recently audited financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared.

6.

There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or any of its

Subsidiaries (and no such proceedings are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a

period covering at least the previous twelve months which have or may have in the recent past, individually

or in the aggregate, significant effects on the profitability or the financial position of the Issuer or of the

Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

7.

The consolidated interim financial statements of the Group as at and for the first three months ended 31

March 2018 have been reviewed and the annual financial statements of the Group for each of the financial

years ended 31 December 2017 and 31 December 2016 have been audited by Deloitte Statsautoriseret

Revisionspartnerselskab ("Deloitte"), being the relevant independent public auditors of the Issuer for such

period. Deloitte is a member of "FSR - Danske Revisorer" (Association of State Authorised Public

Accountants).

107

8.

The Irish Listing Agent is Matheson and the address of its registered office is 70 Sir John Rogerson's

Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Matheson is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in

connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to trading on the Global

Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.

9.

For so long as the Notes are admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of

Euronext Dublin, hard copies of the following documents will be available, upon request, free of charge,

from the registered office of the Issuer and from the Specified Offices of the Paying Agent for the time

being in London (where applicable, with an English translation thereof):

(i) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(ii) the Agency Agreement; and

(iii) the Deed of Covenant.

10. For so long as the Notes are admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, electronic copies of the following documents will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie:

(i) a copy of this Offering Memorandum; and

(ii) any supplements to this Offering Memorandum.

11. For so long as the Notes are admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, electronic copies of the Annual Reports (as defined in "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and the Interim report - first quarter 2018 (as defined in "Documents Incorporated by Reference") will be available on the website of the Issuer at www.danskebank.com (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" for more details).

12. Certain of the Joint-Lead Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Joint-Lead Managers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Joint-Lead Managers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Joint-Lead Managers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Joint-Lead Managers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

13. The indication of the yield of the Notes is 7.000 per cent. and is calculated on a semi-annual basis as at the date of this Offering Memorandum on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.

14. The language of this Offering Memorandum is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.

108

15. In this Offering Memorandum, references to websites or a uniform resource locator (a "URL") are inactive textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Offering Memorandum.
109

REG ISTERED O FFICE OF THE ISSUER
Danske Bank A/S 2-12 Holmens Kanal DK-1092 Copenhagen K
Denmark
JOINT-LEAD MANAGERS AND JOINT BOOKRUNNERS

BNP Paribas 10 Harewood Avenue London NW1 6AA
United Kingdom

Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited One Cabot Square London E14 4QJ United Kingdom

Danske Bank A/S 2-12 Holmens Kanal DK-1092 Copenhagen K
Denmark

HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square London E14 5HQ United Kingdom

Goldman Sachs International Peterborough Court 133 Fleet Street London EC4A 2BB United Kingdom

J.P. Morgan Securities plc 25 Bank Street Canary Wharf London E14 5JP United Kingdom

AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab Weidekampsgade 6
DK-2300 Copenhagen S Denmark
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT
Citibank, N.A., London Branch Citigroup Centre Canary Wharf London E14 5LB United Kingdom

To the Joint-Lead Managers as to English law
Allen & Overy LLP One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD United Kingdom

LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Joint-Lead Managers as to Danish law
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab
Axeltory 2 DK-1609 Copenhagen V
Denmark
IRISH LISTING AGENT
Matheson 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2 Ireland

To the Issuer as to Danish law
Flemming S. Pristed General Counsel Danske Bank A/S
2-12 Holmens Kanal DK-1092 Copenhagen K
Denmark

Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 0010155-0002667 ICM:30349898.2
110

