"Contractual Delivery Date" means the contractual delivery date in respect of Rig 4, being 30 March 2014, as further described in the Rig 4 Construction Contract.
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person,
L_4344586__V1 24.01.14 92656-106
7/73
when determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included. "Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2. "Delivery Date" means the date on which title to Rig 4 is transferred from PPL to Rig Owner 4 in accordance with the terms o f the Rig 4 Construction Contract, with all relevant equipment properly owned and installed on such date, currently estimated to be prior to the Contractual Delivery Date. "Disbursement" means any disbursement from the Escrow Account. "Drilling Contracts" means binding drilling contracts for the hire o f the Rigs entered into or to be entered into between the Charterer and a Client on such terms as set out in Clause 13.3(b)(iv) below. "Earnings" means all earnings payable under the Drilling Contracts. "Escrow Account" means a blocked account in the name of the Issuer subject to the Escrow Account Pledge, held with an Account Bank, into which the Net Proceeds (or the Gross Proceeds as the case may be) o f the Bonds shall be transferred. "Escrow Account Pledge" means the fixed pledge over the Escrow Account in favour of the Bond Trustee, including a waiver of any set-off rights from the bank operating the account. "Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1. "Exchange" means the Irish Stock Exchange or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. "Existing Bonds" means the bonds issued by the Issuer and Rig Owner 3 (as appropriate) pursuant to Bond Issue 1, Bond Issue 2 and Bond Issue 3. "Existing Bondholder" means a holder of Existing Bonds. "Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over" means the offer from the Issuer to the Existing Bondholders to participate in the Bond Issue by settlement in kind against their Existing Bonds and the receipt by such Bondholders of accrued but unpaid interest plus the applicable call premium as further described in Clause 2.2. "Existing Bond Loan Agreements" means together, Bond Loan 1 Agreement, Bond Loan 2 Agreement and Bond Loan 3 Agreement. "Existing Security" means any Security securing the Issuer's and/or Rig Owner 3's obligations under, inter alia, the Existing Bond Agreements. "Face Value" means the denomination of each o f the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.2.
L 4344586 VI 24,01.14 92656-106
8/73
"Fiduciary Bank" means Deutsche Bank Mexico, S.A., Institucion de Banca Multiple, Division Fiduciaria, Mexico being the Mexican trustee (fiduciario) in relation to the Mexican Trust Agreement. "Finance Documents" means:
