(b) Insurance
L 4344586 VI 24 01.14 92656-106
49/73
contractual liability extensions), Loss o f Hire, Requisition Compensation, Expropriation Risk and War Risk insurance. The Issuer shall also provide for any additional insurance required under any law or Project Document.
The Hull and Machinery (including hull interest and freight interest) and War Risks insurances for each Rig shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of the market value of that Rig as determined by a valuation performed by an independent third party expert. The aggregate value of the Hull and Machinery (including hull interest and freight interest) and War Risks insurances of the Rigs shall be the higher of (i) the aggregate of the full market value of the Rigs as determined by a valuation performed by an independent third party expert, and (ii) 120% (one hundred and twenty per cent) of the aggregate outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. Any deductibles in respect of claims under the Hull and Machinery insurance shall in each event not exceed USD 2,000,000 (US Dollars two million) for any one occurrence or such higher amount as the Bond Trustee otherwise agrees.
The Insurances and any loss payable clause issued in respect of the Insurances or similar provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan, latest version (as amended from time to time) or such other insurance plan with at least equally favourable terms (in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee). The Issuer shall further procure that the Bond Trustee shall be named as an additional assured and as exclusive loss payee in respect of the Hull & Machinery and Loss of Hire and Requisition Compensation Expropriation and War Risk insurance referred to in Clause 13.8(b)(i) above.
The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee is noted as first priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent that the notices of assignment with regards to the Insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking confirming this are executed by the insurers.
The Issuer shall keep (and the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent may effect, at the Issuer's expense), for the exclusive benefit of the Bondholders, mortgagees' interest insurance for an amount equal to at least 120% (one hundred and twenty per cent) of the aggregate amounts under the Outstanding Bonds and/or mortgagee's interest insurance additional perils (pollution) (MAPI) cover.
The Issuer shall procure that each Rig is always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of the Insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premia or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.
