59/73
17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
17.2.3 The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, hut not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee
17.3.1 Change of the Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new bond trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee o f its duties pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meetmg the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent
