17/73
"Rig Owner Account Charges" means the charges over the Rig Owner Earnings Accounts, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), including an undertaking from the relevant Account Bank to waive any set-off rights.
"Rig Owner Earnings Accounts" means the blocked earnings account held by each Rig Owner with an Account Bank and subject to a Rig Owner Account Charge as further described in Clause 13.4.
"Rig Owner Floating Charges" means the Rig Owner 1 Floating Charge, the Rig Owner 2 Floating Charge, the Rig Owner 3 Floating Charge and the Rig Owner 4 Floating Charge, and "Rig Owner Floating Charge" means any of them.
"Rig Owners" means Rig Owner 1, Rig Owner 2, Rig Owner 3 and Rig Owner 4 and "Rig Owner" means any one of them.
"Rig Owner Share Charges" means the share charge granted by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) over 100% (one hundred per cent) o f the shares in each Rig Owner, together with, inter alia, letters o f resignation (effective upon an Event of Default for which the Bond Trustee has issued a notice) (if legally possible) from all board members as well as a covenant to obtain letters of resignation from future board members.
"Roll-Over Bonds" means the Existing Bonds which in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' acceptance of the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over shall be used as payment in full for Temporary Bonds (in kind).
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control o f the U.S. Treasury Department, the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other U.S. government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, United Kingdom or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authorities.
"Second Disbursement" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 2.3,2(b)below.
