"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control o f the U.S. Treasury Department, the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other U.S. government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, United Kingdom or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authorities.
"Securities Depository Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
L 4344586 VI 24.01.14 92656-106
18/73
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2 {Defeasance). "Security Documents" means collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests. "Security Interest" means any Security created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent (in each case on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document, including but not limited to the following first priority security:
(i) the Guarantees; (ii) the Escrow Account Pledge; (iii) the Bond Escrow Account Pledges; (iv) the Assignments of Warranties; (v) the Account Charges; (vi) the Assignments of Bareboat Charter; (vii) the Assignments of Drilling Contract; (viii) the Assignments of Insurances; (ix) the Assignments of Internal Loans; (x) the Assignments of Service Agreements; (xi) the Assignments of Parent Subordinated Loans; (xii) the Mortgages; (xiii) the Issuer Floating Charge; (xiv) the Rig Owner Floating Charges; (xv) the Mexican Trust Agreement(s); (xvi) the Assignments of Collection Rights; and (xvii) the Share Charges. "Service Agreements" means the current and future service agreements entered into or to be entered into on arm's length terms by any Parent Group Company in relation to the marketing, operation and management of the Rigs and administration of the Group Companies (as applicable), currently consisting o f the following:
