"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2 {Defeasance). "Security Documents" means collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests. "Security Interest" means any Security created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent (in each case on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document, including but not limited to the following first priority security:
L 4344586 VI 24.01.14 92656-106
19/73
(i) technical services agreement dated 15 February 2013 between Vantage International Management Company Pte. Ltd. and the Charterer in respect of, inter alia, the provision of technical services to Rig 1;
(ii) technical services agreement dated 14 May 2013 between Vantage International Management Company Pte. Ltd. and the Chatterer in respect of, inter alia, the provision of technical services to Rig 2;
(iii) manpower supply services agreement dated 15 February 2013 between Vantage Drilling de Mexico, S de R.L. de C.V. and the Charterer in respect of, inter alia, the provision o f personnel to Rig 1;
(iv) manpower supply services agreement dated 14 May 2013 between Vantage Drilling de Mexico, S de R.L. de C.V. and the Charterer in respect of, inter alia, the provision of personnel to Rig 2; and
(v) agreement(s) entered into or to be entered into between each of the Obligors and a reputable service provider in relation to accounting and general and administrative services (the "G&A Services Agreements"),
provided however that the Parent Group shall be entitled to substitute or enter into any new Service Agreements in respect of the Rigs provided (i) such agreements are on arm's length terms and with a company outside the Parent Group, subject to having first obtained the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (not to be withheld if such replacement agreements are on reasonably similar terms), or (ii) the services are assumed by a member of the Parent Group on arm's length terms. "Share Charges" means the Issuer Share Charge and the Rig Owner Share Charges. "Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no. maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence. "Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly. "Temporary Bonds" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.4. "Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of a Rig. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "USD" or "US Dollars" means United States dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
