(x) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 106.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
both calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
9
"Management Repurchase" means the repurchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for value of any Equity Interest of HoldCo or any Restricted Subsidiary held by any future, current or former officer, consultant, director or employee of HoldCo or any Restricted Subsidiary (or any permitted transferee of such current or former officers, directors, consultants or employees) pursuant to any equity subscription agreement, stock option agreement, shareholders' agreement or similar agreement; provided that the aggregate price paid for all such repurchased redeemed, acquired or retired Equity Interest may not exceed EUR 5,000,000 in any fiscal year or EUR 10,000,000 in the aggregate; provided, further, that such amount in any fiscal year may be increased by (x) the cash proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies received by HoldCo and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (y) an amount not to exceed the cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests of HoldCo to members of management or directors of HoldCo, any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or any of its direct or indirect parent companies to the extent the cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests have not otherwise been applied to the making of Restricted Payments.
"Market Capitalisation" means an amount equal to the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock or common equity interests of the Listed Entity on the date of the declaration of the contemplated Permitted Payment multiplied by the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common stock or common equity interests for the thirty (30) consecutive Business Days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such contemplated Permitted Payment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or the Guarantors' ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means HoldCo, the Issuer and each Guarantor and any other Restricted Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent. of either (a) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (b) the EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the main market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
