"Subsequent Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.
"Subsidiary Guarantors" means AS 4finance, 4finance ApS, 4finance UAB, 4finance Oy, 4finance AB, Vivus Finance Sp. z o.o, Vivus Finance S.A. and 4finance LLC, together with any Additional Guarantor.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the relevant Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market
17
data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth (1/12) of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, duties and withholdings and any charges of a similar nature (including, without limitation, interest, penalties and other liabilities with respect thereto) that are imposed by any government or other taxing authority.
"Third Party" means any Person other than HoldCo or the Restricted Subsidiaries.
"TKB Credit Line Agreement" means the credit line agreement between AS 4finance and AS Trasta Komercbanka No.KL-11/2011 dated 17 May 2011.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (a) the Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue and (b) the listing of the Bonds on Nasdaq Stockholm.
