"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (a) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (b) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the Interest Coverage Ratio and the Capitalisation Ratio.
"Consolidated Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of (x) the Consolidated Leverage as of the date of the declaration of the contemplated Permitted Payment to (y) the EBITDA for the
3
Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report prior to such testing date. For purposes of calculating the EBITDA for such Relevant Period, entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period.
"Consolidated Net Worth" means, for HoldCo at any time, the sum of paid in capital, retained earnings and reserves of the Group as set forth on the consolidated balance sheet as of the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles, less (without duplication) amounts attributable to Disqualified Stock of HoldCo.
"Consolidated Total Assets" means the total assets of HoldCo and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report, calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Current Shareholders" means the direct shareholders of HoldCo as of the Issue Date, being Tirona Limited and FCI Investments Limited and their Affiliates.
"Derivative Transaction" has the meaning set forth in item (g) of the definition "Permitted Debt" below.
