11.5.2
Optional redemption for taxation reasons
If the Issuer or any Guarantor determines in good faith that, as a result of a Change in Tax Law, the Issuer or any Guarantor is, or on the next Interest Payment Date would be, required to pay any Additional Amounts, and such obligation cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor, the Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, decide to redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date. The Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) and not more than forty (40) Business Days' notice of the redemption to the Agent and the Holders and the repayment per Bond shall be made at 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (together with accrued but unpaid Interest).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.5.1 shall not be given (a) earlier than ninety (90) calendar days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, would be obliged to make the relevant payment of Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Bonds were then due and (b) unless at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay the relevant Additional Amounts remains in effect. Prior to giving any notice of redemption pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent (i) a declaration in writing stating that it is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that a Change in Tax Law is at hand and that it would not be able to avoid the obligation to pay Additional Amounts by taking reasonable measures available to it and (ii) a written opinion of an independent tax counsel of recognised standing who is qualified to provide tax advice under the laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to the effect that the Issuer or Guarantor has or have been or will become obligated to pay the relevant Additional Amounts as a result of a Change in Tax Law. The Agent shall accept such declaration and opinion as sufficient evidence that a Change in Tax Law is at hand without further inquiry, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders.
In the case of redemption due to withholding as a result of a Change in Tax Law such Change in Tax Law must become effective on or after the Issue Date.
Equity claw back
Upon an Equity Listing Event, the Issuer may on one occasion repay up to 35.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 65.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by HoldCo or the Restricted Subsidiaries as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering). The Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders and the repayment per Bond shall be made at 106.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or at the relevant Call Option Amount, if such amount is lower (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000).
28
12. 12.1 12.1.1
