is contractually unsecured or (as the case may be) secured by the Second Priority Security Documents or, as the case may be, the Third Priority Security Documents, and always subordinated to any outstanding amount under the Bonds or any other senior secured debt of the Issuer as further set out in the Intercreditor Agreement or a Subordination Statement (as the case may be).
"Subordination Statement" means a statement to be issued in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by any Subordinated Loan Provider in respect of a contractually unsecured Subordinated Loan, confirming the agreement of the relevant Subordinated Loan Provider that the Subordinated Loan granted shall be fully subordinated to the Bond Loan, such statement to be in form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Third Priority Security Documents" means i) a third priority mortgage over the Vessel including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessel under applicable law, including, if applicable, a deed of covenants supplemental to the Mortgage and to the security thereby created between the Issuer and the Subordinated Loan Providers, made in favour o f the Subordinated Loan Provider(s), ii) a third priority assignment of any Earnings granted by the Issuer in favour of the Subordinated Loan Provider(s), governed by Norwegian law, and iii) a third priority assignment over the insurances related to the Vessel granted by the Issuer in favour of the Subordinated Loan Provider(s), governed by Norwegian law.
"Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Vessel.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
11
