138.5 161.3 215.7
Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
You should read thefollowing discussion in conjunction with the "Selected historical consolidatedfinancial information "section o f this Offering Memorandum and the auditedfinancial statements o f the Issuer and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. The statements in this discussion regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding ourfuture performance, liquidity and capital resources and other non-historical statements in this discussion areforward-looking statements. Theseforward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in the "Riskfactors" and "Forward-looking statements"sections o f this Offering Memorandum. Our actual results may differ materiallyfrom those contained in or implied by anyforward-looking statements.
OVERVIEW
We are the leading European producer of ceramics sanitaryware and bathroom fixtures. We have a number one or two position in ceramics sanitaryware in each of our core Western European markets, which comprise Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland and the United Kingdom, as well as strong positions in our growth markets, including Ukraine and Russia. Our brand portfolio includes many of the longest-established and most well-known European brands in the bathroom products industry, including KERAMAG (Germany), Sphinx (the Netherlands), IDO and Ifo (Nordics), Allia (France), Pozzi-Ginori (Italy), Kolo (Poland), Colombo (Ukraine and East Europe) and Twyford (United Kingdom).
We provide products in two primary categories:
> Ceramics sanitaryware includes toilets, washbasins, sinks, shower trays, pedestals, tanks, bidets and urinals. In 2012, we generated 546.5 million of net sales from ceramics sanitaryware, which represented 72.6% of our net sales.
> Ceramics complementary products includes bathroom furniture, baths, taps and mixers, showers, pre-wall systems and products based on solid surface materials. In 2012, we generated 206.3 million of net sales from ceramics complementary products, which represented 27.4% of our net sales.
We sell our bathroom products primarily to wholesalers, as well as directly to retailers (including DIY outlets) and installers, and benefit from long-standing and stable customer relationships. As of December 31, 2012, we had operations in 19 countries with 11 ceramics production facilities and approximately 6,700 employees.
