> Ceramics complementary products includes bathroom furniture, baths, taps and mixers, showers, pre-wall systems and products based on solid surface materials. In 2012, we generated 206.3 million of net sales from ceramics complementary products, which represented 27.4% of our net sales.
In 2009, a number of events, including the stress and disruptions experienced by global financial markets, the significant decline in construction in most of our core markets, and our substantial debt obligations led us to undergo a financial restructuring. We took the opportunity our financial restructuring afforded us to implement what we call the "One Sanitec" strategy. We accelerated the creation of an integrated group of companies from a disparate group of local business units by consolidating operations and support functions. The "One Sanitec" ethos has enabled economies of scale, increased operational efficiency, cut costs, and as a result enhanced profitability. We now have a stronger focus on our most profitable brands and business lines and a more competitive cost structure. As a result of our efforts, our Adjusted EBITDA grew from 58.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 to 107.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 making us one of the most profitable European bathroom ceramics companies. We continue to implement similar measures to improve our financial performance in the future.
In 2012, 28.6% of our net sales were generated in Central Europe (comprising Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria and Switzerland), 24.7% in North Europe (comprising Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Baltics and Iceland), 19.3% in South Europe (comprising France, Italy, Spain and Portugal), 17.1% in East Europe (primarily comprising Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan), 7.2% in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and 3.1% in the Rest of the World (countries outside Europe to which we export our products).
FACTORS AFFECTING OUR OPERATING RESULTS
Market and general economic conditions
Demand for bathroom products originates both from private households and the commercial, industrial and institutional sectors of the project business and installation. Project business includes larger-scale residential, commercial, industrial and institutional projects, such as housing developments and industrial facilities. Across all sectors of installation, there are primarily four occasions to purchase bathroom equipment products: renovation, maintenance and improvement and new construction activities. Our financial performance therefore depends significantly on the construction and renovation markets, which are, in turn, affected to varying degrees by fluctuations in the economic conditions of the markets in which we sell our products. In particular in our core European markets, levels of new construction and renovation are affected by such factors as consumer confidence, home equity values, home equity loan withdrawals, consumer spending habits, reasonably attainable consumer financing, income and interest rates. Due to the largely discretionary nature of renovation activities and, to a lesser extent, new construction activities, consumers and investors tend to postpone such investments in times of crisis and economic insecurity, but also tend to engage in more extensive activities when the economy and confidence rebound.
36
As the leading producer of bathroom fixtures by value in the core European markets in which we operate (Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland, the United Kingdom, Russia and Ukraine), macroeconomic trends affecting Europe as a whole will also affect our results. For example, 2009 was characterized by a significant decline in GDP in most of our core markets and significantly reduced growth rates in emerging markets, with the construction industry being disproportionately affected. Economic conditions in certain of our markets, such as South Europe, have still not recovered, which has had an effect on both sales volumes (as customers are buying fewer products) and the prices we can charge for our products (as customers are increasingly price sensitive in depressed markets). See "Summary--Current trading." However, demand is also driven by gradual increases in renovation activities, which are fueled by consumer preferences for new product styles, product features and advanced technological standards. See "Riskfactors--Risks related to our business and industry--A large part o f ourfinancial performance is dependent upon a healthy economy andfinancial and monetary system. The current economic downturn and tightening o f credit markets has negatively impacted our results o f operations, and any continuation o f orfurther decline in economic conditions would adversely affect our business."
Bathroom products distribution trends
