As the leading producer of bathroom fixtures by value in the core European markets in which we operate (Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland, the United Kingdom, Russia and Ukraine), macroeconomic trends affecting Europe as a whole will also affect our results. For example, 2009 was characterized by a significant decline in GDP in most of our core markets and significantly reduced growth rates in emerging markets, with the construction industry being disproportionately affected. Economic conditions in certain of our markets, such as South Europe, have still not recovered, which has had an effect on both sales volumes (as customers are buying fewer products) and the prices we can charge for our products (as customers are increasingly price sensitive in depressed markets). See "Summary--Current trading." However, demand is also driven by gradual increases in renovation activities, which are fueled by consumer preferences for new product styles, product features and advanced technological standards. See "Riskfactors--Risks related to our business and industry--A large part o f ourfinancial performance is dependent upon a healthy economy andfinancial and monetary system. The current economic downturn and tightening o f credit markets has negatively impacted our results o f operations, and any continuation o f orfurther decline in economic conditions would adversely affect our business."
We sell our products through various distribution channels, primarily wholesalers. Our customers in those channels then sell our products to installers and end consumers. Our relationships with our distribution customers are extremely important to our ability to effectively market our products. Changes in the relative size of distribution channels may affect our ability to sell our products because we have a stronger presence in certain channels than in others. Channel shift may also affect the types of products we are able to sell and the prices at which we are able to sell those products, and as a result, our margins may be affected depending on our distribution channels. For example, in certain markets, such as the United Kingdom, France and Poland, DIY and other retail distribution channels have grown their share of the market. We have actively focused on improving our positions in the DIY and the retail distribution channels in response to this trend. We have also seen some growth in internet-only sales channels in certain markets, although as of yet we do not believe that this has had an impact on our net sales. See "Riskfactors--Risks relating to our business and industry--I f we do not adapt to changes in distribution channels in some o f our markets, our sales volume and profitability may be adversely affected."
Product leadership
Traditionally, brand recognition and customer loyalty, product quality and reliability, breadth of product range and manufacturing capabilities have been key factors for competition in our market. Increasingly flexibility, product design, the ability to anticipate customer demand and new trends, address new geographic markets and distribution channels, produce products for more than one brand and in multiple locations, efficient sourcing, scope and quality of service, ability to pass on cost increases, and, in particular, innovation and product optimization are gaining importance. See "Industry--Competitive landscape."
In recent years, we have been more actively developing market demand by introducing innovative products and systems with more sophisticated designs and enhanced functions and features. Innovation has gained increasing importance for creating demand, enhancing brand reputation and strengthening a brand's position in the market. In addition, end-users have been increasingly demanding stylish products with enhanced functionality. As a result, we have been more actively focusing on product optimization and developing innovative products and systems to meet customers' demands.
Prices of raw materials
The raw materials we use to produce our products account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. Our raw material purchases for the production of ceramics include ball clay, kaolin, feldspar, chamotte (clay) and zirconium (coating) and for the production of ceramics complementary products include aluminum, stainless steel, glass, acrylic and packaging. Energy/gas costs also account for a significant amount of the expense involved in operating our production facilities.
Although prices for the majority of our key raw materials have remained relatively stable in recent years (other than energy prices, which have been increasing steadily over the last two years), fluctuations in the price and availability of our raw materials, particularly metals, can be caused by changes in levels of global supply and demand, the operations of our suppliers, governmental policies, political and economic conditions in certain countries where these materials are produced and acts of God, such as severe weather conditions and natural disasters, which may be further exacerbated if raw materials are traded in foreign currencies. In addition, our manufacturing plants rely upon and consume significant amounts of energy, primarily gas and electricity, in order to operate, and we are therefore subject to potential cost increases from energy price fluctuations. See "Risk factors--Risks related to our business and industry--I f the costs o f our raw materials increase or their supplies decreases, we may experience increases in costs or have difficulty purchasing sufficient raw materials or components to meet our production requirements, increases in energy prices may also materially increase our costs."
Currency fluctuations
