Although prices for the majority of our key raw materials have remained relatively stable in recent years (other than energy prices, which have been increasing steadily over the last two years), fluctuations in the price and availability of our raw materials, particularly metals, can be caused by changes in levels of global supply and demand, the operations of our suppliers, governmental policies, political and economic conditions in certain countries where these materials are produced and acts of God, such as severe weather conditions and natural disasters, which may be further exacerbated if raw materials are traded in foreign currencies. In addition, our manufacturing plants rely upon and consume significant amounts of energy, primarily gas and electricity, in order to operate, and we are therefore subject to potential cost increases from energy price fluctuations. See "Risk factors--Risks related to our business and industry--I f the costs o f our raw materials increase or their supplies decreases, we may experience increases in costs or have difficulty purchasing sufficient raw materials or components to meet our production requirements, increases in energy prices may also materially increase our costs."
Because we conduct our operations in various countries, we generate a portion of our sales and incur a portion of our expenses in currencies other than the euro, principally the Swedish krona, Norwegian krone, Danish krone, Pound sterling, Russian ruble, Polish zloty, Swiss franc, Czech krona and Ukrainian hryvnia. During 2012, approximately 80% of our net currency flows at the EBITDA level was generated in currencies other than the euro (including currencies pegged to the euro, such as the Danish krone). Currency net translation effect on EBITDA was positive in 2011 and 2012, amounting to 1.3 million and 1.4 million, respectively. In financial income and expenses, we reported a net gain from foreign exchange of 3.2 million in 2012 on financial
37
transactions, and in 2011 we had a net loss from foreign exchange of 6.1 million. In situations where we are unable to match sales received in foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency, our results of operations are consequently impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations. See "--Quantitative and qualitative disclosures o f market risks--exchange rate exposure and currency risk hedging" and "Riskfactors--Risks related to our business and industry--Our results o f operations are subject to currency fluctuations."
We present our consolidated financial statements in euros. However, our subsidiaries prepare their financial statements in their functional currency, which includes currencies other than the euro. As a result, we must translate the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of all of our operations with a functional currency other than the euro into euros at then-applicable exchange rates. Transactions in foreign currencies are translated using the rates of exchange prevailing at the date of the transaction. Generally, we translate the income statements and balance sheets of our foreign subsidiaries into euros using the average exchange rate for the financial period and the year-end exchange rate, respectively. Exchange gains and losses arising from transactions in foreign currencies and translation of monetary items are recognized in the profit or loss, except when deferred in other comprehensive income as qualifying cash flow hedges. Differences resulting from the translation of the profit or loss statement and balance sheet are recorded in other comprehensive income as translation differences and included under translation differences in equity. Consequently, increases or decreases in the value of the euro may affect the value of certain line items with respect to our non euro businesses in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. For example, a stronger euro will reduce the reported results of operations of the non-euro businesses and conversely a weaker euro will increase the reported results of operations of the non-euro businesses.
Seasonality Our business is, to a moderate degree, subject to the effects of seasonality. Our sales are generally stable from quarter to quarter; however, within those quarters, they may fluctuate on a monthly basis, and may slow during the summer holiday season and in December and January, and then increase in February to April and again in September through the first half of November. We adjust production during holiday periods, and as a result our costs can vary moderately on a seasonal basis. We typically have lower working capital in the first quarter of the year as customers tend to net their rebates against receivables, and we build up inventory between January to June to cover periods of low production in the summer holiday season.
KEY STATEMENT OF INCOME ITEMS The following is a description of certain of the line items in our consolidated statement of income.
Net sales Net sales include the sale of products in our two primary categories (ceramics sanitaryware and ceramics complementary products) across various sectors of installation, primarily to wholesalers, as well as to retailers (including DIY outlets) and installers. As a result of our international operations, we also record a breakdown of sales by geographical area.
Other operating income Other operating income includes income from activities outside our ordinary course of business, such as gains and losses from the sale of fixed assets, income from bad debt recoveries, the sale of scrap materials, rental income, subsidies received, re-invoicing of sales-related costs and similar income.
