UNITED KINGDOM This Offering Memorandum is for distribution only to persons who (i) are outside the U.K., (ii) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Financial Promotion Order"), (iii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order, or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes may otherwise be lawfully communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This Offering Memorandum is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this Offering Memorandum relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.
NORWAY This offering document has not been approved or disapproved by, or registered with, the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) nor the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises, and the shares are marketed and sold in Norway on a private placement basis and under other applicable exceptions from the offering prospectus requirements as provided for pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Securities Trading Regulation.
FINLAND This Offering Memorandum does not constitute a public offer or an advertisement of securities to the public in the Republic of Finland. The Notes will not and may not be offered, sold, advertised or otherwise marketed in Finland under circumstances that would constitute a public offering of securities under Finnish law. Any offer or sale of the Securities in Finland will be made pursuant to a private placement exemption as defined under Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (2012/746, as amended) and any regulation made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. This Offering Memorandum has not been approved by or dispatched to the Finnish Financial Supervision Authority.
DENMARK This Offering Memorandum has not been and will not be filed with or approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority or any other regulatory Authority in Denmark. The Notes have not been offered or sold and may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Denmark, except to qualified investors within the meaning of, or otherwise in compliance with, Executive Order No. 306 of April 28, 2005. Accordingly, this offering memorandum may not be made available nor may notes otherwise be marketed and offered for sale in Denmark other than in circumstances which are deemed not to be an offer to the public in Denmark. The notes have not been and are not intended to be registered with a Danish stock exchange or a Danish authorized market place.
AUSTRIA This Offering Memorandum has not been or will not be approved and/or published pursuant to the Austrian Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) as amended. Neither this Offering Memorandum nor any other document connected therewith constitutes a prospectus according to the Austrian Capital Markets Act and neither this Offering Memorandum nor any other document connected therewith may be distributed, passed on or disclosed to any other person in Austria. No steps may be taken that would constitute a public offering of the Notes in Austria and the offering of the Notes may not be advertised in Austria. Any offer of the Notes in Austria will only be made in compliance with the provisions of the Austrian Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) and all other laws and regulations in Austria applicable to the offer and sale of the Notes in Austria.
v
FRANCE This Offering Memorandum has not been prepared in the context of a public offering in France within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French Code Monetaire et Financier and Title I of Book II of the Reglement General of the Autorite des Marches Financiers (the "AMF") and therefore has not been submitted for clearance to the AMF. Consequently, the Notes may not be, directly or indirectly, offered or sold to the public in France, and offers and sales of the Notes will only be made in France to providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnesfournissant le service d 'investissement de gestion deportefeuillepour le compte de tiers) and/or to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifies) and/or to a closed circle of investors (cercle restreint d 'investisseurs) acting for their own accounts, as defined in and in accordance with Articles L. 411-2 and D. 411-1 of the French Code Monetaire et Financier. Neither this Offering Memorandum nor any other offering material may be distributed to the public in France.
GERMANY In Germany, the Notes will only be available to, and this Offering Memorandum and any other offering material in relation to the Notes is directed only at, persons who are qualified investors (qualifizierte Anleger) within the meaning of Section 2 No. 6 of the Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz-- WpPG). Any offer, sale, or resale of the Notes in Germany may only be made in accordance with the Securities Prospectus Act and other applicable laws. The Issuer has not, and does not intend to, file a securities prospectus with the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstaltfur Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht--BaFin) or obtain a notification to BaFin from another competent authority of a Member State of the European Economic Area, with which a securities prospectus may have been filed, pursuant to Section 17 Para. 3 of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz-- WpPG).
LUXEMBOURG The terms and conditions relating to this Offering Memorandum have not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Luxembourg Financial Services Authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier) for purposes of public offering or sale in Luxembourg. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold to the public in Luxembourg, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Memorandum nor any other circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other material may be distributed, or otherwise made available in or from, or published in, Luxembourg except for the sole purpose of the listing of the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and their admission to trading on the Euro MTF, and except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities to the public, subject to prospectus requirements, in accordance with the Luxembourg Act of July 10, 2005 on prospectuses for securities.
