GERMANY In Germany, the Notes will only be available to, and this Offering Memorandum and any other offering material in relation to the Notes is directed only at, persons who are qualified investors (qualifizierte Anleger) within the meaning of Section 2 No. 6 of the Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz-- WpPG). Any offer, sale, or resale of the Notes in Germany may only be made in accordance with the Securities Prospectus Act and other applicable laws. The Issuer has not, and does not intend to, file a securities prospectus with the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstaltfur Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht--BaFin) or obtain a notification to BaFin from another competent authority of a Member State of the European Economic Area, with which a securities prospectus may have been filed, pursuant to Section 17 Para. 3 of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz-- WpPG).
ITALY The offering of the Notes has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per le Societa la Borsa ("CONSOB") (the Italian Securities Exchange Commission), pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, in the Republic of Italy, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Offering Memorandum or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the republic of Italy, except: (i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the ``Italian Financial Act''), as implemented by Article 26, paragraph 1(d) of Consob Regulation No. 16190 of 29 October 2007, as amended (``CONSOB Regulation No. 16190''), pursuant to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (``CONSOB Regulation No. 11971''); or (ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of the Italian Financial Act and and its implementing CONSOB Regulations including Regulation no. 11971.
In any event, any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Offering Memorandum or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction under (i) or (ii) above and: (a) made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, Regulation No. 16190, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended (the "Banking Act"), and any other applicable laws and regulations; (b) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy; and (c) in compliance with any and all other applicable laws and regulations and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.
vi
SPAIN The offering of the Notes has not been and will not be verified or registered with the Comision Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the "CNMV") and therefore the Notes may not be offered in Spain by any means, except in circumstances which do not qualify as a public offer of securities in Spain in accordance with article 30 bis of the Securities Market Act ("Ley 24/1988, de 28 dejulio del Mercado de Valores") as amended and restated, or pursuant to an exemption from registration in accordance with article 41 of the Royal Decree 1310/2005 ( "Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 dejulio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admision a negociacion de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertaspublicas de venta o suscripcion y delfolleto exigible a tales efectos'").
SWITZERLAND This Offering Memorandum, as well as any other material relating to the Notes which are the subject of the Offering contemplated by this Offering Memorandum, does not constitute an issue prospectus pursuant to article 652a and/or article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations and may not comply with the Directive for Notes of Foreign Borrowers of the Swiss Bankers Association. The Notes will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd., and, therefore, the documents relating to the Notes, including, but not limited to, this Offering Memorandum, do not claim to comply with the disclosure standards of the Swiss Code of Obligations and the listing rules of SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd and corresponding prospectus schemes annexed to the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. The Notes are being offered in Switzerland by way of a private placement (i.e., to a limited number of selected investors only), without any public advertisement and only to investors who do not purchase the Notes with the intention to distribute them to the public. The investors will be individually approached directly from time to time. This Offering Memorandum, as well as any other material relating to the Notes, is personal and confidential and does not constitute an offer to any other person. This Offering Memorandum, as well as any other material relating to the Notes, may only be used by those investors to whom it has been handed out in connection with the Offering described herein and may neither directly nor indirectly be distributed or made available to other persons without the Issuer's express consent. This Offering Memorandum, as well as any other material relating to the Notes, may not be used in connection with any other offer and shall in particular not be copied and/or distributed to the public in (or from) Switzerland.
THE NETHERLANDS The Notes may not be offered or sold in the Netherlands other than to persons or entities which are qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers) within the meaning of article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op hetfinancieel toezicht). THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH YOU SHOULD READ BEFORE YOU MAKE ANY DECISION WITH RESPECT TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES.
vii
Forward-looking statements
