-- -- -- -- --
(1) Represents loans of 24.3 million that are used to finance the operations of Slavuta Plant Budfarfor, which is an indirect Ukrainian subsidiary of the Issuer. (2) Represents part of the debt outstanding indirectly under the Existing Senior Facilities as of December 31, 2012. (3) Represents local overdraft facilities entered into by certain of our subsidiaries. (4) Represents VAT and other sales tax and employment related accruals and other short term non-interest bearing liabilities.
We intend to repay all or substantially all of our existing financial indebtedness on or shortly after the Issue Date except for other interest-bearing liabilities, derivatives, trade payables and other liabilities.
Pension obligations
In addition to the obligations shown in the table above, we also provide defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans and similar arrangements in accordance with local law, which are generally funded through payments to insurance companies. We provide certain employees in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden, Italy, Norway, Ukraine, Austria, and France with defined benefit pension or similar benefit arrangements, as well as maintain an insured defined benefit pension arrangement in Finland. In 2012, our total contribution to all defined benefit plans totalled 1.5 million. The defined benefit plan in the Netherlands was sold to a third party insurance company in June 2012. The most significant arrangement is in Germany, which accounts for approximately 40% of all such liabilities and the majority of these liabilities relate to our former employees. In addition, we have defined contribution pension arrangements in Sweden, the United Kingdom, France, Finland, Italy, Switzerland, Austria, Norway and Portugal. In the year ended December 31, 2012, costs expensed in respect of the defined contribution arrangements totalled 10.5 million.
As of December 31, 2012, total pension obligations (excluding defined contribution plans) recognized on the statement of financial position amounted to 29.9 million, as compared to 28.2 million in 2011 and 26.4 million in 2010. We expect that contributions to the defined benefit pension plans in 2013 will materially equal those in 2012.
We have no other contractual obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business.
Off-balance sheet arrangements
As of December 31, 2012, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.
