Off-balance sheet arrangements
Critical accounting policies and estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires our management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying our accounting policies. These estimates and judgments affect the amounts reported in those financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates. We base our estimates on historical experiences and assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Those estimates form the basis for our judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting policies are set out in note (1) to Sanitec Oyj's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. The following estimates andjudgments are considered important when portraying our financial position.
Revenue recognition
We recognize revenue from product sales when the customer takes the ownership and risk and rewards. As a principal rule, revenue recognition takes place at the date of delivery according to the delivery terms agreed between the customer and Sanitec. Net sales consist of the gross sales revenues reduced by indirect sales taxes and sales discounts. We estimate and record provisions for cash discounts, quantity rebates, sales returns and allowances in the period the sale is reported based on experience.
Revenues from the rendering of maintenance services and repairs are recognized when the services have been rendered or the work has been carried out.
Operating profit
We have defined operating profit as follows: operating profit is the revenue added with other operating income, less materials and services, employee benefits, production for own use, other operating expenses, and depreciation, amortization and impairment losses. Operating profit includes those exchange rate gains and losses that are related to our operating activities. Financing-related exchange rate gains and losses are reported under financial income and expenses.
Impairment of non-financial assets Assets that are subject to depreciation are reviewed for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized whenever the carrying amount of assets exceeds the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is determined by reference to discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.
45
