Impairment of non-financial assets Assets that are subject to depreciation are reviewed for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized whenever the carrying amount of assets exceeds the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is determined by reference to discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.
Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. In respect of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method or average cost method for finished goods and the average cost method for raw materials. Cost includes direct manufacturing, labor and materials, variable overhead and allocable portion of production and project administration overheads. Costs associated with assets produced for internal use are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives.
Provisions
Provisions are recognized in the statement of financial position, if we have a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, and that it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.
Provisions are related, e.g., to the restructuring plans, environmental obligations, tax risks or trials. Provisions are based on the past experience and best estimates available at the balance sheet date. Our warranty policy provides for coverage of certain products at the date the sale is recorded. The estimated liability is included as a current provision. Changes in the warranty liability are charged against earnings for the period.
Current and deferred income taxes
The tax expense for the period consists of current and deferred taxes. Tax is recognized in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. Current tax on taxable income for the period is determined using the tax rates enacted or which have been substantially enacted in each country at the end of the report period/at the balance sheet date in the countries where the parent company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.
