ix
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information presented in this Offering Memorandum is the historical consolidated financial information of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2012 included in this Offering Memorandum have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS"). Financial information included herein for the year ended December 31, 2010 is derived from information in the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2011 and has not been separately audited. The corporate status of the Issuer was changed from a private limited liability company to a public limited liability company on April 25, 2013. In connection with the change, the name of the Issuer was changed from Sanitec Oy to Sanitec Oyj. The financial statements of the Issuer included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum have been prepared prior to this change and, accordingly, reflect the previous name of the Issuer.
We present in this Offering Memorandum certain financial information on an as adjusted basis to give pro forma effect to the Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom. See "Summary--Summaryfinancial and other information," "Capitalization," "Management's discussion and analysis offinancial condition and results o f operations" and '"Use ofproceeds." The Issuer's unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2012 and other pro forma balance sheet financial data have been prepared as though the Offering had occurred as of December 31, 2012. The Issuer's unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2012 has been prepared as though the Offering had occurred as of January 1, 2012. The historical results of the Issuer and its subsidiaries may not be indicative of our future results. The unaudited pro forma financial data has not been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-X of the U.S. Securities Act, the Prospectus Directive or any generally accepted accounting standards. Neither the assumptions underlying the pro forma adjustments nor the resulting pro forma financial information have been audited or reviewed in accordance with any generally accepted auditing standards.
Use of non-IFRS financial measures
This Offering Memorandum contains unaudited non-IFRS measures and ratios, including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. Non-IFRS measures are presented because it is believed that they and similar measures are widely used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The non-IFRS measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies and have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported under IFRS. Non-IFRS measures and ratios are not measurements of performance or liquidity under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to operating income or net profit or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles or as alternatives to cash flow from operating, investing or financing activities.
The Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2009 presented in this Offering Memorandum is based on the unaudited aggregated consolidated financial information of Sanitec Holdings Oy for the period prior to our restructuring in 2009 and at the level of Sofia III S.a r.l. for the period from and subsequent to our restructuring in 2009, and is based on financial information derived from our internal management accounting systems for the period. This 2009 Financial Information was prepared in accordance with Finnish GAAP, not IFRS, and is therefore not comparable with our financial statements for 2010, 2011 and 2012.
For comparability purposes, computations of consolidated EBITDA and consolidated total assets for the purposes of determining Guarantor coverage in this Offering Memorandum have been made using Finnish Accounting Standards.
Certain numerical figures set out in this Offering Memorandum, including financial and operating data presented in millions or thousands and percentages describing market shares, have been subject to rounding adjustments and, as a result, the totals of the data in this Offering Memorandum may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such information. Percentages and amounts reflecting changes over time periods relating to financial and other data set forth in "Management's discussion and analysis offinancial condition and results o f operations'' are calculated using the numerical data in the Financial Statements included in this Offering Memorandum or the tabular presentation of other data (subject to rounding) contained in this Offering Memorandum, as applicable, and not using the numerical data in the narrative description thereof.
No incorporation of website information
