Current and deferred income taxes
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized on all temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The amount and probability of the utilization of a tax asset are reviewed at the end of each report period. Deferred taxes are measured based on the tax rates enacted or which have been substantially enacted by the end of the report period/at the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset against each other only when the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts, and the deferred tax asset and tax liability relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority.
Trade receivables
Trade receivables are recognized at invoice value, less a provision for doubtful accounts. Management considers current information and events regarding the debtors' ability to repay their obligations, and makes a provision against amounts due when it is probable that the full amount will not be collected. Changes in the level of provision are recorded as bad debt expense.
Use of estimates in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires our management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the carrying amount of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment; valuation allowances for receivables, inventories and deferred income tax assets; provisions for restructuring of operations; valuation of derivative instruments; and assets and obligations related to employee benefits. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES OF MARKET RISKS
