The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires our management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the carrying amount of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment; valuation allowances for receivables, inventories and deferred income tax assets; provisions for restructuring of operations; valuation of derivative instruments; and assets and obligations related to employee benefits. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Commodity risk
We are exposed to fluctuations in the price of major raw material commodities used in manufacturing. While we may use derivatives to hedge our exposure to commodity price fluctuations as appropriate, following a policy approved by the our Board of Directors, we currently do not hold any substantial commodity derivative contracts or engage in any hedging related to risks in commodity or raw material prices. We may also sometimes enter into slightly longer contracts to minimize such risk.
46
An interruption in the ability of these suppliers to provide raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The availability and price of raw materials may also be subject to shortages in supply, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, interruptions in production by suppliers, changes in exchange rates, global demand and worldwide price levels.
Interest rate risk Our profit and operating cash flows are sensitive to changes in market interest rates, which may increase our borrowing costs. Our current interest rate risk primarily arises from the Existing Senior Credit Facility and certain external loan facilities, which have floating interest rates based on EURIBOR. See "Description o f other indebtednessWhile we may enter into derivative contracts to reduce such risks, following a policy approved by our Board of Directors, we did not hold any such interest rate derivative contracts as of December 31, 2012.
Borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at floating rates, and as a result we will have interest risk with respect to this debt. We currently do not expect to enter into any interest rate hedging arrangements with respect to the debt under our Revolving Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate. For fixed rate debt, interest rate changes affect the fair market value of such debt, but do not impact earnings or cash flow.
Exchange rate exposure and currency risk hedging Because we conduct our operations in various countries and generate a portion of our sales and incur a portion of our expenses in currencies other than the euro, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from currency exposures, primarily with respect to the Swedish krona, Norwegian krone, Danish krone, Pound sterling, Russian ruble, Polish zloty, Swiss franc, Czech krona and Ukrainian hryvnia. In situations where we are unable to match sales received in foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency, our results of operations are consequently impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign exchange risk is regarded as uncertainty of cash flows and earnings that arises from such currency exchange rate fluctuations. We approach foreign exchange risk from three angles: transaction exposure risk related to cash flows in non-euro currencies, translation risk related to foreign exchange risk associated with consolidation and economic exposure risk related to changes in the competitive environment as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates.
Transaction exposure risk comprises identified foreign exchange rate exposure, which would be affected by future exchange rate movements and have an effect on the statement of income. We define transaction exposure risk as all anticipated non-euro currency cash flows during the next fiscal period of twelve months. We aim to protect against these risks by matching foreign currency cash flows to the extent possible and hedging the remaining amount with currency derivatives in accordance with our policy. As of December 31, 2012, we did not hold any interest rate derivative contracts.
