Exchange rate exposure and currency risk hedging Because we conduct our operations in various countries and generate a portion of our sales and incur a portion of our expenses in currencies other than the euro, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from currency exposures, primarily with respect to the Swedish krona, Norwegian krone, Danish krone, Pound sterling, Russian ruble, Polish zloty, Swiss franc, Czech krona and Ukrainian hryvnia. In situations where we are unable to match sales received in foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency, our results of operations are consequently impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign exchange risk is regarded as uncertainty of cash flows and earnings that arises from such currency exchange rate fluctuations. We approach foreign exchange risk from three angles: transaction exposure risk related to cash flows in non-euro currencies, translation risk related to foreign exchange risk associated with consolidation and economic exposure risk related to changes in the competitive environment as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates.
Translation risks are the equity changes caused by movements in foreign exchange rates, which we record as translation differences on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. While we may from time to time use currency hedges as appropriate, we do not currently hedge against such risks.
Economic exposure means the risk of a deteriorating competitive environment due to exchange rate movements or the economic effect of the currency of costs and revenues affecting us and our competitors. While we may from time to time use currency hedges as appropriate, we do not currently hedge against such risks.
Liquidity risk We aim to maintain an optimal amount of liquidity to fund our business operations at all times while minimizing interest costs. Liquidity is considered to be the sum of cash and cash equivalents and available committed credit lines.
Credit risk Credit risk is principally associated with the probability of financial loss from the inability of counterparties to meet contractual obligations related to financial transactions or instruments. We evaluate and monitor financial counterparty risk and aim to minimize this risk by limiting our counterparties to a limited number of major banks and financial institutions, by monitoring their performance, and by working within agreed counterparty limits. We aim to reduce non-financial counterparty risk, i.e., counterparty risk related to customers, by applying a credit policy, constantly monitoring aging receivables and maintaining credit insurance.
47
Industry
We operate in the European bathroom solutions market, which is comprised of three main categories: (i) bathroom fixtures, (ii) tiles and (iii) accessories. Specifically, we sell products in the bathroom fixtures sub-category of the European bathroom fixtures market. Our primary business is ceramics sanitaryware (consisting of toilets, washbasins, sinks, shower trays, pedestals, tanks, bidets, and urinals); however, we also produce other bathroom fixtures, we label as "ceramics complementary products" ("CCP"), which include: (i) pre-wall (concealed plastic cisterns to be used with, for example, wall-hung toilets), (ii) baths (including cast-iron, steel and synthetic bathtubs), (iii) furniture (including base units, mirrors/mirror cabinets and separate cupboard units), (iv) taps and mixers (including, in the United Kingdom, commercial showers and instantaneous electric showers), and (v) shower components (including bath screens, conventional shower cubicles and shower enclosures). In Europe, the bathroom fixtures market was worth approximately 9.8 billion in 2011, 7.8 billion of which consisted of the 13 countries in which we generate the majority of our net sales (Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland, the United Kingdom, Russia and Ukraine) (the "European Bathroom Fixtures Market"). See "Market and industry data and forecasts' for a description of the market reports used for information in this section. The charts below give an overview of the European Bathroom Fixtures Market by geography and product category in 2011.
Source: BRG Consult. (1) North Europe (Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway), Central Europe (Germany, Belgium, Netherlands), the United Kingdom, South Europe (France, Italy), East
