We operate in the European bathroom solutions market, which is comprised of three main categories: (i) bathroom fixtures, (ii) tiles and (iii) accessories. Specifically, we sell products in the bathroom fixtures sub-category of the European bathroom fixtures market. Our primary business is ceramics sanitaryware (consisting of toilets, washbasins, sinks, shower trays, pedestals, tanks, bidets, and urinals); however, we also produce other bathroom fixtures, we label as "ceramics complementary products" ("CCP"), which include: (i) pre-wall (concealed plastic cisterns to be used with, for example, wall-hung toilets), (ii) baths (including cast-iron, steel and synthetic bathtubs), (iii) furniture (including base units, mirrors/mirror cabinets and separate cupboard units), (iv) taps and mixers (including, in the United Kingdom, commercial showers and instantaneous electric showers), and (v) shower components (including bath screens, conventional shower cubicles and shower enclosures). In Europe, the bathroom fixtures market was worth approximately 9.8 billion in 2011, 7.8 billion of which consisted of the 13 countries in which we generate the majority of our net sales (Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland, the United Kingdom, Russia and Ukraine) (the "European Bathroom Fixtures Market"). See "Market and industry data and forecasts' for a description of the market reports used for information in this section. The charts below give an overview of the European Bathroom Fixtures Market by geography and product category in 2011.
Europe (Poland, Russia, Ukraine). (2) Excludes hydro-massage baths and hydro-therapy cubicles.
MARKET CHARACTERISTICS Historically, the European Bathroom Fixtures Market has experienced relatively stable growth primarily driven by growth in construction (RMI and new-build activity). In 2012, RMI corresponded to circa 70% of the ceramics sanitaryware market and new build activity corresponded to circa 30%. From 2005 to 2007, the volume of the market grew by approximately 3.2% per annum. As a result of the global downturn that began in 2008, the volumes in the European Bathroom Fixtures Market declined by an average of 4.9% annually from 2007 to 2010, with new-build volumes impacted more than the larger renovation, maintenance and improvement market: > From 2007 to 2009, new residential and non-residential construction declined significantly across Europe (defined for these
purposes as comprised of Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden, and the United Kingdom), falling by 24.6% and 10.4% over the period, respectively. > Over the same period, the residential and non-residential RMI activity was more resilient and only declined by 0.7% and 1.4% over the period, respectively. According to Euroconstruct, market conditions began to stabilize from 2010 onwards, with a more moderate decline in new-build and moderate growth in RMI activity. As a result, sales volumes in the European bathroom fixtures market started to stabilize, with a more moderate annual decline of 0.6% on average from 2010 to 2012.
48
In light of positive economic forecasts in our core markets, the outlook through to 2015 is more favorable. In Europe (defined for these purposes as comprising Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden, and the United Kingdom), Euroconstruct foresees annual growth in construction levels by value of an average of 1.3% between 2012 and 2015.
Source: Euroconstruct, December 2012. (1) Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden, and the United Kingdom.
MARKET GROWTH
Volumes in the European Bathroom Fixtures Market are forecast to grow by 1.5% annually from 2012 to 2015. The highest growth forecasts are for East Europe, the United Kingdom and North Europe, growing at 3.5%, 2.9% and 2.3% CAGR, respectively. We generated approximately 50% of our 2012 net sales in these markets. Furthermore, such market growth includes a moderate but favorable shift in product mix towards more expensive products. Volume growth is expected to be driven by the CCP segment, which is forecast to grow by an average of 1.8% per year from 2012 to 2015.
