Certain numerical figures set out in this Offering Memorandum, including financial and operating data presented in millions or thousands and percentages describing market shares, have been subject to rounding adjustments and, as a result, the totals of the data in this Offering Memorandum may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such information. Percentages and amounts reflecting changes over time periods relating to financial and other data set forth in "Management's discussion and analysis offinancial condition and results o f operations'' are calculated using the numerical data in the Financial Statements included in this Offering Memorandum or the tabular presentation of other data (subject to rounding) contained in this Offering Memorandum, as applicable, and not using the numerical data in the narrative description thereof.
The contents of our websites do not form part of this Offering Memorandum.
x
Market and industry data and forecasts
This Offering Memorandum includes market share and industry data, which was obtained by us from industry publications and surveys, industry reports prepared by consultants, internal surveys and customer feedback. These include information published by BRG Consult Limited ("BRG Consult") in their annual reports on European bathroom products market (2012), Euroconstruct, from the Euroconstruct Conference Munich, December 2012, and publicly available information concerning our competitors. We have also used data derived and extrapolated from national statistical resources in various countries. The aforementioned third party sources generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. However, these third party sources also state that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed and that the projections they contain are based on significant assumptions. As we do not have access to the facts and assumptions underlying such market data, statistical information and economic indicators contained in these third party sources, we are unable to verify such information and cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness. We also do not have access to the facts and assumptions underlying the projections made in these reports and various economic and other factors may cause actual results to differ from these projections. However, we do take responsibility for the correct reproduction of the data as reported. Unless otherwise noted, the European market size and composition data referenced in "Industry" is based on information from BRG Consult, which is the only comprehensive source of information on the bathroom products market in Europe, as augmented by management estimates derived from local market data and analysis. BRG Consult publishes annual reports on bathroom products by category and country by value based on data collected from manufacturers and verified by wholesalers and other customers. BRG Consult publishes two types of reports: "Core" reports and "Supplementary Bathroom Product" reports. The Core reports focus on the ceramics, fittings and bathing & wellness categories and cover 30 European countries, including Germany, France, Italy, the United Kingdom and Russia. These reports have provided volume data since 1991 and indicative value data since 2001. The "Supplementary Bathroom Product" reports provide volume data for furniture and accessories, and shower accessories, and have only been published since 2009. Because of their recent launch, these Supplementary Bathroom Product reports only cover 14 to 17 countries depending on the category and are not yet as robust as the Core reports. Preliminary BRG Consult reports for each calendar year are released in April of the following year, with final reports published in September. In addition, certain information in this Offering Memorandum is not based on published data obtained from independent third parties, or extrapolations thereof, but are information and statements reflecting our best estimates based upon data obtained from trade and business organizations and associations, consultants and other contacts within the industries in which we compete, as well as information published by our competitors. Such information is based on the following: (i) in respect of our market position, information obtained from trade and business organizations and associations and other contacts within the industries in which we compete; (ii) in respect of industry trends, our senior management team's business experience and experience in the industry and the local markets in which we operate; and (iii) in respect of the performance of our operations, our internal analysis of our own audited and unaudited information. We cannot assure you that the assumptions that we have made in compiling this data are accurate or correctly reflect our position in our markets.
xi
Certain definitions
In this Offering Memorandum, except as otherwise indicated or where the context requires otherwise:
"2009 Restructuring" refers to our financial restructuring that was completed in 2009, which is more fully described in "Summary--The 2009 Restructuring;"
