(9.1)% (7.0)%
5.5
We believe that there are a number of other market trends that will influence future demand.
> Increased consumerfocus on bathroom solutions: As consumers' disposable income has risen over time, we have seen increasing value placed on bathroom solutions. The number of bathrooms per household has increased over time, and bathrooms are increasingly customized, refreshed and upgraded. Consumers are demanding new features and more options from their bathroom solutions, driving the trend towards more expensive and aesthetically pleasing products.
49
> Innovation in productfunctionality and design: We believe that continuous product innovation in the design, style and functionality of bathroom solutions encourages consumers to replace or renew their existing bathrooms and encourages the purchase of a broader complementary product mix.
> Focus on the environment: We see a growing market for environmentally friendly bathroom solutions that conserve water and energy, driven by a growing awareness of climate change and water scarcity as well as increasing utility costs. We believe that this is likely to drive consumers to upgrade their existing bathrooms with newer, more efficient bathroom solutions, a space where our innovative solutions are well placed.
We believe that these factors, in addition to more fundamental drivers such as the growth in the number of households, an aging building stock and increasing affluence and urbanization in emerging markets, are positive trends for the European Bathroom Fixtures Market.
DISTRIBUTION There are three core distribution channels for bathroom solutions in Europe: wholesalers, retailers and DIY outlets. While approximately 70% of volumes flow through wholesalers, the actual purchase decisions are made mostly by installers, contractors and architects purchasing via the DIY channel or traditional retail outlets. Generally, there is a high level of loyalty in the customer base, which increases the importance of focusing on the key decision makers in the market. Market participants include: > Manufacturers, such as Sanitec, who sell primarily to wholesalers, installers, contractors and retailers (including DIY outlets); > Wholesalers who act as intermediaries, buying large quantities of goods and reselling these goods to installers, DIY chains,
