through several market participants before reaching the end consumer. (2) Sanitaryware includes ceramics sanitaryware, concealed plastic cisterns and exposed plastic cisterns, for France, Germany, the Netherlands, Italy, Poland, Russia,
> Wholesalers handle the majority of volumes passed through the value chain and consequently it is key for manufacturers to have strong relationships with wholesalers. We believe wholesalers favor large manufacturers with a highly reliable supply chain, broad product portfolios and well-recognized consumer brands--thus comprehensively serving varied stakeholders down the value chain. Entities such as Sanitec are also preferable to wholesalers because of the high quality of customer service we can provide.
50
> Installers play an important role in the decision to purchase a particular brand of bathroom solution or fixture. Moreover installers are more likely to recommend a brand they have used with good results in the past--we believe brand loyalty is important to these stakeholders. We have and will continue to develop brand loyalty given our reputation for high quality, easy installation, low maintenance, and reliable service. We also believe that our popularity with installers will continue to create a "pull" effect on the purchasing decisions of other players in the market, increasing the demand for our products with wholesalers and retailers.
> DIY outlets have grown in importance in certain markets. Historically, the DIY channel has generally been more focused on the lower-end segment of the market, emphasizing price over brand name through the sale of private label brands. However, DIY chains are increasingly seeking to differentiate their offerings by partnering with leading manufacturers to provide a higher quality alternative to their private labels. The success of the DIY channel differs from country to country, driven by consumer preference and market penetration. In Germany and the Nordics, for example, we believe the DIY channel has less significance compared to other countries. Between 2012 and 2017, the share of ceramics sanitaryware volume passing through the DIY channel is expected to be stable.
> Retailers also constitute an important part of the bathroom fixtures market. While comprising only a small proportion of direct sales, we believe that retailers influence the purchasing decisions of a larger share of consumers, as many consumers visit showrooms prior to making their purchasing decisions, irrespective of the actual point of sale. Retailers tend to focus on offering total bathroom solutions to their customers. As such, we believe that these retailers prefer manufacturers with a comprehensive and coordinated product offering such as Sanitec.
It should be noted that, while currently still a comparably small market segment, e-commerce is becoming increasingly important, particularly as a marketing channel to both end consumers as well as installers.
51
COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE
