52
OVERVIEW
We are the leading European producer of ceramics sanitaryware and bathroom fixtures. We have a number one or two position in ceramics sanitaryware in each of our core Western European markets, which comprise Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland and the United Kingdom, as well as strong positions in our growth markets, including Ukraine and Russia. Our brand portfolio includes many of the longest-established and most well-known European brands in the bathroom products industry, including KERAMAG (Germany), Sphinx (the Netherlands), IDO and Ifo (Nordics), Allia (France), Pozzi-Ginori (Italy), Kolo (Poland), Colombo (Ukraine and East Europe) and Twyford (United Kingdom).
We provide products in two primary categories:
> Ceramics sanitaryware includes toilets, washbasins, sinks, shower trays, pedestals, tanks, bidets and urinals. In 2012, we generated 546.5 million of net sales from ceramics sanitaryware, which represented 72.6% of our net sales.
> Ceramics complementary products includes bathroom furniture, baths, taps and mixers, showers, pre-wall systems and products based on solid surface materials. In 2012, we generated 206.3 million of net sales from ceramics complementary products, which represented 27.4% of our net sales.
We sell our bathroom products primarily to wholesalers, as well as directly to retailers (including DIY outlets) and installers, and benefit from long-standing and stable customer relationships. As of December 31, 2012, we had operations in 19 countries with 11 ceramics production facilities and approximately 6,700 employees.
In 2009, a number of events, including the stress and disruptions experienced by global financial markets, the significant decline in construction in most of our core markets, and our substantial debt obligations led us to undergo a financial restructuring. We took the opportunity our financial restructuring afforded us to implement what we call the "One Sanitec" strategy. We accelerated the creation of an integrated group of companies from a disparate group of local business units by consolidating operations and support functions. The "One Sanitec" ethos has enabled economies of scale, increased operational efficiency, cut costs, and as a result enhanced profitability. We now have a stronger focus on our most profitable brands and business lines and a more competitive cost structure. As a result of our efforts, our Adjusted EBITDA grew from 58.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 to 107.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 making us one of the most profitable European bathroom ceramics companies. We continue to implement similar measures to improve our financial performance in the future.
In 2012, 28.6% of our net sales were generated in Central Europe (comprising Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria and Switzerland), 24.7% in North Europe (comprising Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Baltics and Iceland), 19.3% in South Europe (comprising France, Italy, Spain and Portugal), 17.1% in East Europe (primarily comprising Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan), 7.2% in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and 3.1% in the Rest of the World (countries outside Europe to which we export our products).
