In 2009, a number of events, including the stress and disruptions experienced by global financial markets, the significant decline in construction in most of our core markets, and our substantial debt obligations led us to undergo a financial restructuring. We took the opportunity our financial restructuring afforded us to implement what we call the "One Sanitec" strategy. We accelerated the creation of an integrated group of companies from a disparate group of local business units by consolidating operations and support functions. The "One Sanitec" ethos has enabled economies of scale, increased operational efficiency, cut costs, and as a result enhanced profitability. We now have a stronger focus on our most profitable brands and business lines and a more competitive cost structure. As a result of our efforts, our Adjusted EBITDA grew from 58.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 to 107.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 making us one of the most profitable European bathroom ceramics companies. We continue to implement similar measures to improve our financial performance in the future.
COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS
We believe that the following strengths differentiate us from our competitors and provide us with a competitive advantage in the markets in which we operate:
Leading marketpositions in the most resilient European markets. We are the leading European producer of ceramics sanitaryware and bathroom fixtures. We have a number one or two position in ceramics sanitaryware in each of our core Western European markets which comprise Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland and the United Kingdom, as well as strong positions in our growth markets, including Ukraine and Russia. We have a geographic footprint that is weighted towards the economies in Europe that have proven the most resilient in the recent global financial crisis (for example, 53.3% of our net sales in 2012 came from regions that we refer to as North Europe (the Nordic countries) and Central Europe (Germany, Benelux, Austria and Switzerland). As a result our business is less weighted towards the economies that have struggled more to recover from the market downturn. Our strong position in the ceramics sanitaryware market in Ukraine (and growing market share in Russia) positions us well to continue to exploit high-growth markets in East Europe.
Strong portfolio o f well-recognized national brands. We have a portfolio of some of the oldest and most well-known national brands in the bathroom products industry. The majority of our strategic brands (KERAMAG, Sphinx, IDO, Ifo, Allia, PozziGinori, Kolo, Colombo and Twyford) have over 100 years of history in their respective local markets. We also maintain tactical brands (such as Ceravid, Perline, Porsgrund and Selles) which complement, protect and support our strategic brands and address DIY demand in certain markets. We believe that our brands are perceived to represent product innovation and design leadership as well as high quality and ease of installation. We believe that this brand strength facilitates the introduction of new products and fosters loyalty and trust among our customers and installers, who seek to provide their customers with reliable products from wellknown brands. Our brand strength has also facilitated our expansion into new strategic markets, such as the introduction of the Pozzi-Ginori (Italian) brand to the Chinese market and the Twyford (United Kingdom) brand to new customers in Commonwealth countries such as Hong Kong, Australia and certain sub-Saharan African countries, and supported our continued growth in the Middle East.
53
Loyal customer base. We have long-standing and stable relationships with our customers, who are primarily wholesalers as well as retailers (including DIY outlets) and installers. We have maintained the loyalty of our installers (who have a high amount of influence on the ultimate purchasing decision) by, among other things, manufacturing high-quality and innovative products, simplifying installation through product design and easy availability of products and spare parts, and local service and product support.
Sustainable profitability improvement driven by "One Sanitec" strategy and cost savings initiatives. Since 2010, our new management team has successfully implemented our "One Sanitec" strategy, creating an integrated group of companies with:
> a transparent reporting process, which enables a commercial policy focused on delivering a high level of profitability and allows for detailed analysis of the true financial performance across the group, which in turn enables better business decision making; and
