Sustainable profitability improvement driven by "One Sanitec" strategy and cost savings initiatives. Since 2010, our new management team has successfully implemented our "One Sanitec" strategy, creating an integrated group of companies with:
> appropriately centralized operations (including warehouse and distribution centers) and support functions to capture economies of scale, reduce our cost base, increase operational efficiency and enhance profitability, while maintaining a strong local sales force to serve individual market needs.
We have also implemented numerous other initiatives (the full impact of which has not yet been realized), including increasing the share of production in low cost facilities and closing or divesting certain plants, reducing the number of our suppliers, increasing sourcing in low cost facilities and rationalizing our product ranges. As a result of these initiatives, along with other measures, we have increased Adjusted EBITDA from 58.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 to 107.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. With these and other measures, we believe that we have established a platform that allows us to grow and focus on new opportunities, but is also dynamic and flexible enough to allow us to adapt to market changes as they occur.
Stable industry, well-positionedfo r recovering end markets. Market shares in the industry in which we operate tend to be relatively stable over time, driven by (i) the specialist knowledge required for ceramics production, (ii) significant required investment in production facilities and (iii) the need for strong brand recognition and access to local distribution channels. Demand for our ceramics sanitaryware products is also largely driven by the less cyclical RMI sector of the market, with RMI accounting for circa 70% and new build accounting for circa 30% of our demand in 2012, resulting in relatively stable markets for our products. We believe we are well-positioned for a cyclical upturn in the new build sector, which will further drive volume growth.
Highly experienced management. Our top management team consists of our CEO, CFO, COO, executives for Global Business Development and Change Management, Product Management and Design, and Human Resources. The majority of the current management team joined the business between 2008 and 2010 and led the restructuring and recovery of the business, growing Adjusted EBITDA from 58.4 million in 2009 to 107.6 million in 2012. Our CEO, Peter Nilsson, was appointed to this position in 2010, having acted as chairman of the Sanitec board since 2008. Our CFO, Gun Nilsson, joined the business in 2010 having previously acted as CFO of a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ OMX. Our Global Business Development and Change Management function is led by Magnus Terrvik, who joined the business in 2010, having previously spent 17 years with McKinsey and Company.
BUSINESS STRATEGY
Drive value through innovation and product leadership. We operate in a mixture of mature and emerging markets. In the more mature, core Western European markets where we already have the number one or number two positions, we expect our market share to remain stable or increase slightly over the near term. Our markets (even those that were more resilient in response to the global economic crisis of 2009 onwards) have yet to regain their 2008 levels. While we expect our sales volumes to increase as our markets strengthen, in order to continue to develop our business, we are prioritizing profit over volume by continuing to invest in product innovation and product leadership and focusing on enhancing our product mix (for example, by launching KERAMAG Design as our pan-European premium brand).
Capitalize on expected growth in ceramics complementary products. Customers increasingly look for bathroom suites with integrated furniture, bath, showers, taps and mixers, and ceramics products; there is also an increasing trend towards the use of wall-mounted toilets (which require the supply of a toilet along with a pre-wall element). We see a significant opportunity to grow sales in our group overall by increasing the amount of bundled products that we sell. By leveraging our local ceramics sanitaryware brands and our successes in individual markets, we intend to capitalize on this market opportunity through, among other things, the following steps:
> training and incentivizing our sales force, providing them with clear sales targets for bundled products;
