Capitalize on expected growth in ceramics complementary products. Customers increasingly look for bathroom suites with integrated furniture, bath, showers, taps and mixers, and ceramics products; there is also an increasing trend towards the use of wall-mounted toilets (which require the supply of a toilet along with a pre-wall element). We see a significant opportunity to grow sales in our group overall by increasing the amount of bundled products that we sell. By leveraging our local ceramics sanitaryware brands and our successes in individual markets, we intend to capitalize on this market opportunity through, among other things, the following steps:
> conducting installer training and educating them on specific product design characteristics;
> improving our showroom infrastructure to highlight bundled products; and
> coordinating product development between our ceramics sanitaryware and ceramics complementary products teams to ensure an integrated offering of innovative products.
54
Increase sales by pursuing growth opportunities in East Europe. We believe that significant growth opportunities exist in East Europe as we expect growth rates for bathroom products in this region will be higher than in more mature European markets. We are well positioned to benefit from this growth as East Europe (primarily comprising Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan) represented 17.1% of our net sales in 2012. We believe that we have the potential to significantly increase our market share in East European countries, leveraging our leading position in the Ukrainian ceramics sanitaryware market, our growing market share in Russia, our local and European brands and our East Europe asset base.
Continue to capture benefits of scale, optimize operational efficiencies and reduce costs. We are implementing measures in the following key areas: > Optimizingplant network. In the past years, we have significantly improved our production and supply footprint. For
example, we have closed four ceramics plants (in Alsager (United Kingdom), Maastricht (the Netherlands), Bayonne and Selles-sur-Cher (France)) and divested five other plants (Leda (France), Domino (Italy), NSF (Russia), Minsk Mazowiecki (Poland) and Varde (Denmark)). We now have an integrated, flexible network that balances low cost facilities focusing on high volume products and other facilities focusing on high complexity products, enabling us to serve the varying demands of the different markets in which we compete. We will continue to improve the footprint, evaluating opportunities to better allocate production, increase flexibility and improve operational efficiency.
> Consolidating Groupfunctions and activities. Although we have made advances since 2009, we are continuing to consolidate Group functions and activities in order to continue to reap the benefits of scale and to reduce costs in line with our "One Sanitec" strategy. We have identified numerous purchasing savings in a variety of areas, including production input materials, as well as indirect costs such as in marketing, business services, office supply, insurance services, human resources and information technology.
