example, we have closed four ceramics plants (in Alsager (United Kingdom), Maastricht (the Netherlands), Bayonne and Selles-sur-Cher (France)) and divested five other plants (Leda (France), Domino (Italy), NSF (Russia), Minsk Mazowiecki (Poland) and Varde (Denmark)). We now have an integrated, flexible network that balances low cost facilities focusing on high volume products and other facilities focusing on high complexity products, enabling us to serve the varying demands of the different markets in which we compete. We will continue to improve the footprint, evaluating opportunities to better allocate production, increase flexibility and improve operational efficiency.
> Optimizingproductportfolio. We continue to coordinate our product offering across the Group and work on simplifying our product portfolio by reducing the number of series, models and SKUs and thereby significantly reducing the complexity of our offerings while enhancing our ranges in each individual national market. We believe that these initiatives will support reduced production costs, lower inventory levels and enhance our supplier purchasing power.
HISTORY
The majority of our strategic brands have over 100 years of history in their respective national markets. Our integrated group has its origins as a subsidiary of Wartsila Corporation, which grouped together its bathroom operations in 1990 to form Sanitec. Prior to 1991, we were mainly active in Finland, Sweden and Norway. Since that point, we have grown organically, including in Russia, and by strategically expanding our presence in ceramics sanitaryware and ceramics complementary products in Europe through the acquisitions of manufacturers with leading national brands in Germany, the Benelux countries, France, Italy, Poland, Ukraine and the United Kingdom.
In 2005, we were acquired by EQT IV Fund ("EQT") via five acquisition vehicles. In 2009, in connection with our financial restructuring, we established our current corporate structure as shown under "Summary corporate structure". EQT is a leading manager of private equity funds with investments in Northern and Eastern Europe, Asia and the United States. EQT has raised 15 private equity funds with more than 20 billion of committed capital. Since its establishment, EQT has invested some 11 billion in more than 110 companies. For over 18 years and through varying economic cycles, EQT has adopted a business model driven by its industrial heritage and an operational approach focused on the long term development of portfolio companies and executing a strategy that generates returns through sales and earnings growth.
PRODUCTS AND BRANDS
We manufacture and market an extensive range of branded bathroom fixtures covering all price segments of the market. Our portfolio includes ceramics sanitaryware products, showers, baths, bathroom furniture, pre-wall systems, and taps and mixers. We believe that the breadth and depth of our product range provides us with a key competitive advantage, provides value to customers and enhances our ability to leverage our strong brands. Our largest markets (generating over 80% of net sales in 2012) were the Nordic countries (Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark), Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, the United Kingdom, Poland, Ukraine and Russia.
Ceramics sanitaryware products
Our ceramics sanitaryware product range includes toilets, washbasins, sinks, shower trays, pedestals, tanks, bidets, urinals and other ceramic bathroom accessories. We market our bathroom ceramics under, inter alia, the Allia, Ceravid, Colombo, IDO, Ifo, KERAMAG, Kolo, Perline, Porsgrund, Pozzi-Ginori, Selles, Sphinx and Twyford brands. In 2012, ceramics sanitaryware accounted for approximately 72.6% of our net sales.
