56
We encourage wholesalers and retailers to stock and actively sell our range of bathroom products by offering workshops, training and showroom support to promote our brands. We provide technical, commercial and sales training, as appropriate. We have strengthened our relationships with installers and plumbers by providing on-demand product information and installation guidance, as well as technical training and support from our service teams. In addition, we increasingly tailor our marketing efforts to appeal directly to our installers and retailers (through, for example, a mobile academy and by expanding our use of webbased and hands-on instructional tools, such as smartphone applications, email and YouTube).
As of December 31, 2012, over 500 of our employees (including permanent and temporary employees) were directly involved in sales and marketing.
PRODUCTION Optimization of production In the past four years, we have significantly adjusted our cost base. This was in part achieved through shifting from decentralized local operations to a shared, networked production footprint and increasing the capacity of our low-cost facilities. As of December 31, 2012, we had a bathroom ceramics production capacity of approximately 14.4 million pieces across 11 plants, 67% of which was produced at low-cost plants in Ukraine, Poland, Portugal and Eastern Germany. Our remaining ceramics production capacity in countries such as Sweden and Finland is focused on highly automated production. Our other production facilities in Italy, France and Germany are focused on more complex products. See "--Properties and assets." Our eight other smaller plants mainly focus on the production of ceramics complementary products.
Between 2009 and 2012, we closed four facilities (in Alsager (United Kingdom), Maastricht (the Netherlands), Bayonne and Selles-sur-Cher (France)) and divested five plants (Leda S.A.S. (France), Domino S.r.l. (Italy), NSF LLC (Russia), Minsk Mazowiecki (owned by Scanaqua Sp. z o.o. in Poland) and Varde (owned by Scandi-Aqualine A/S in Denmark)) and shifted volumes to other production locations. Ceramics sanitaryware production process The production process for bathroom ceramics has three main steps: casting, glazing and firing. Efficient production requires experienced and skilled personnel to meet required output quality and yield rates. Casting involves the injection of slip, the constituent material for the manufacture of bathroom ceramics, either manually into a gypsum mold, known as bench casting, or automatically at very high pressure into a plastic mold, known as high pressure casting, which shapes the slip into a ceramic piece. Slip is made up of ball clay, water, kaolin, quartz, feldspar, zircon and other inorganic ingredients. After drying, the ceramic piece is then glazed either by spraying or dipping, which can be done both manually and automatically. Firing is the final step and involves passing the ceramic piece through a tunnel kiln for approximately 14 to 22 hours up to temperatures of approximately 1,250°C. Ceramics complementary products production process Our ceramics complementary products production facilities are significantly less asset-intensive and focus on, e.g., assembly of showers, production of steel or acrylic baths, as well as solid surface material production.
57
RAW MATERIALS AND PROCUREMENT We source a wide range of materials from third parties globally in connection with our manufacturing activities. At the end of 2012, we had more than 13,100 active suppliers and our total purchases amounted to 445.8 million, of which our top ten suppliers accounted for approximately 12% of our purchases. We have established centralized coordination and professional purchasing practices to consolidate vendors and increase our bargaining power, which we believe to have significant ongoing savings potential. Our most important suppliers supply the raw materials required for the production of ceramics such as ball clay, kaolin, feldspar, chamotte (clay) and zirconium (coating) and for the production of ceramics complementary products, such as aluminum, stainless steel, glass, acrylic and packaging. Below are two charts depicting breakdowns of purchases by supplier category and for our ceramics sanitaryware business:
In 2012, 95% of ceramics volumes were produced in our own facilities. With respect to ceramics complementary products, we rely more on external sourcing of ready-made products (although they are to a large extent designed and developed in-house). For example, the majority of our steel bathtubs are sourced from external suppliers, as are all of our pre-wall systems, taps and mixers and almost all of our furniture. Our shower products are both self-manufactured and purchased from suppliers of ready-made products. The majority of our top twenty suppliers are based in Europe. We believe that our suppliers are generally easily substitutable in the short term as the input materials tend to be generic and we buy supplies on a purchase order basis or on short term contracts. We are therefore not dependent on any single supplier.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Our Group's research and development activities focus on the environmental (for example, introducing to the market the water conserving 2/4 liter flushing toilet), design and functionality (for example, the rim-free toilet, and coatings such as KeraTect and IfoClean, which make the products easier to clean and more hygienic) features of our products as well as the development of new products. In 2012, we consolidated our centralized innovation and design, technical product development, and all product management resources into the new Group function, Product Management and Design ("PMD"). As of December 31, 2012, 159 of our employees (including permanent and temporary employees) were directly involved in PMD. Our total research and development costs (PMD expenses) amounted to 9.5 million in 2010, 9.0 million in 2011 and 9.7 million in 2012. As a percentage of net sales, our total research and development costs (PMD expenses) were 1.2%, 1.2% and 1.3%, respectively, for those years.
