In 2012, 95% of ceramics volumes were produced in our own facilities. With respect to ceramics complementary products, we rely more on external sourcing of ready-made products (although they are to a large extent designed and developed in-house). For example, the majority of our steel bathtubs are sourced from external suppliers, as are all of our pre-wall systems, taps and mixers and almost all of our furniture. Our shower products are both self-manufactured and purchased from suppliers of ready-made products. The majority of our top twenty suppliers are based in Europe. We believe that our suppliers are generally easily substitutable in the short term as the input materials tend to be generic and we buy supplies on a purchase order basis or on short term contracts. We are therefore not dependent on any single supplier.
COMPETITION See "Industry--Competitive landscape."
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS We have registered approximately 400 different trademarks worldwide for our key ceramics sanitaryware brands (KERAMAG, Sphinx, IDO, Ifo, Allia, Pozzi-Ginori, Kolo, Colombo and Twyford), two shower brands, four supporting brands, and our solid surface material brand Varicor. We also hold several patents primarily related to innovations in connection with toilets and urinals such as flushing methods and dosing devices as well as several registered industrial designs relating to bathroom fixtures. In 2009, we adopted our current trademark policy. Our trademarks currently exist under approximately 1,600 registrations worldwide. Our trademarks, patents and designs are generally owned by the legal entity using the specific intellectual property right, although, the Company and Sanitec Europe Oy also own certain registered intellectual property rights relating to trademarks, patents and designs.
58
Our strategic brands are protected by trademark registrations in various countries throughout the world, including the principal markets in which they are sold. We have centralized the administration of domain names via Safenames Ltd, a United Kingdombased company, which administers approximately 340 of our domain names, with the remaining domain names being administered by Sanitec Kolo. We have granted trademark licenses to third parties relating to the use of certain brands and products in selected markets. We have also entered into several agreements with external designers relating to the design of ceramics sanitaryware products, bathroom fixtures, shower products and bathroom furniture. The protection of process innovations and other technology is also important to our business. We rely upon patents, proprietary expertise, continuing technological process innovations and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our trade secrets by entering into confidentiality agreements with third-party developers. In addition, we seek to ensure that information is exchanged only to the extent necessary in communications with customers and suppliers. We are currently not involved in, and are not aware of, any material infringements of or material disputes relating to any of our trademarks, except for a few minor oppositions against trademark applications made by third parties. In certain countries, including China, third parties hold the registered trademark for "Twyford," while our registration covers "Twyfords" and similar incorrect registrations. We are not involved in any material infringement of third party intellectual property rights and have not been subject to any material disputes relating to such infringement since 2008.
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ("IT") SYSTEMS AND TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE Our information management ("IM") function, which is staffed with 60 personnel, manages IT support for all of our group companies. Our shared information management services and activities are provided under an intra-group service level agreement for IT-related services, while the majority of our IT hosting services are outsourced.
EMPLOYEES As of December 31, 2012, we had 6,700 employees, of which almost 50% were located in East Europe (Ukraine, Poland, Czech Republic and Russia). More than 70% of all our employees are employed at our production facilities. Below is a chart depicting the average split of full-time employees per region:
Since 2009, we have not experienced any material labor strikes or lockouts, other than a strike of employees working at our factory in Selles-sur-Cher in 2010 in connection with its closure and national strikes that are not related to our business. Our industrial relations are primarily handled at the local level. We consider our relations with our employees and their unions to be satisfactory. We are, in the ordinary course of business, occasionally party to disputes with employees mainly relating to claims of wrongful dismissal. For a description of pending claims and disputes with employees, see "--Legal proceedings." Generally, our companies engaged in production, as well as a few additional entities, have entered into and comply with local collective bargaining agreements.
PROPERTIES AND ASSETS We conduct our business at several locations in 19 countries. The premises consist primarily of 26 production and distribution centers and approximately 38 offices and showrooms. We own all production sites except for sites in Dymer and parts of Slavuta (both in Ukraine). We lease premises in approximately 40 locations from third party lessors, of which two leases relate to production facilities. In addition, we have entered into one sale-and-leaseback arrangement relating to real property in Alsager, United Kingdom. We also act as the lessor in relation to third parties with respect to certain minor premises such as canteens at some of our production sites.
