0.1 0.2 1.1 0.5 0.8 1.9 1.6 0.5 1.7 1.4 0.7
3.5(3) 0.1 N/A N/A
(1) We have the permanent right of use of our production facilities in Kolo and Wloclawek for a duration of 99 years. (2) Our production facility (Hall 6) is owned and production facilities (Halls 1-5) are leased from the State Property Fund of Ukraine by Slavuta Plant Budfarfor, PJSC; the
land beneath all production facilities is leased from the city of Slavuta. (3) This figure represents the full capacity target for Slavuta (Halls 1-6).
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
At any given time we may be a party to litigation or be subject to non-litigated claims arising out of the normal operations of our business, such as ordinary warranty claims, claims related to products destroyed in transport, other product claims (such as claims that we have provided products that do not meet specifications), and claims from employees related to work injury or wrongful dismissal. We do not expect any liability arising from any of these legal proceedings to have a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity, capital resources or financial position. Except as set out below, there are no material legal proceedings currently outstanding.
Price fixing cartel case
On June 23, 2010, the European Commission announced its decision to impose a fine for the alleged participation in a price fixing cartel and anticompetitive practices by 17 European bathroom fittings and fixtures manufacturers, including the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, over a period of 12 years (1992-2004). The behavior of the relevant entities was imputed to Sanitec Europe Oy, which was considered to exercise decisive influence over their conduct during the alleged infringement period. In total, Sanitec Europe Oy, jointly and severally with certain of its subsidiaries, was fined 57.7 million in aggregate, which was paid in full on September 30, 2010. Sanitec Europe Oy and the relevant subsidiaries filed applications appealing the decision and level of fines imposed and the oral hearing took place on May 22, 2012. The appeal process is currently pending and it is possible that the decision will be made before year end. However, this cannot be guaranteed due to the complexity of the case and the number of pending appeals. We cannot be certain that we will not be subject to third party claims in respect of these matters or that we will not be required to make payments in settlement of such claims.
Claim brought by PCT former employees
