On June 23, 2010, the European Commission announced its decision to impose a fine for the alleged participation in a price fixing cartel and anticompetitive practices by 17 European bathroom fittings and fixtures manufacturers, including the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, over a period of 12 years (1992-2004). The behavior of the relevant entities was imputed to Sanitec Europe Oy, which was considered to exercise decisive influence over their conduct during the alleged infringement period. In total, Sanitec Europe Oy, jointly and severally with certain of its subsidiaries, was fined 57.7 million in aggregate, which was paid in full on September 30, 2010. Sanitec Europe Oy and the relevant subsidiaries filed applications appealing the decision and level of fines imposed and the oral hearing took place on May 22, 2012. The appeal process is currently pending and it is possible that the decision will be made before year end. However, this cannot be guaranteed due to the complexity of the case and the number of pending appeals. We cannot be certain that we will not be subject to third party claims in respect of these matters or that we will not be required to make payments in settlement of such claims.
A group of approximately 87 former employees of one of our now closed production facilities in France, Produit Ceramique de Touraine SA ("PCT"), are disputing their termination compensation and claiming 7.1 million in additional compensation for past redundancies. The matter is ongoing and a first labor court conciliation hearing between the parties in 2011 was unsuccessful for the claimants. Further hearings have been postponed, but the next hearing is currently scheduled to take place in October 2013. We consider the risk for additional payments to be remote and believe the court will rule in our favor, therefore we have not made any provisions for this claim.
60
Tax disputes
One of our production facilities, Eurocer Industria de Sanitaros S.A., which is located in Portugal and employs approximately 370 workers, and two members of the company's management, are currently the subject of an investigation by the Portuguese tax and customs authorities as a result of actions taken by a former subcontractor that provided certain of our local workforce from 2007 to 2011. It is alleged that such subcontractor failed to properly account to the government for VAT and failed to correctly withhold social security and other similar payments. The investigation is still at a preliminary stage and we are not, at this time, able to estimate the likelihood and quantity of any liabilities that may result from this investigation.
The Group is subject to local tax audits, re-assessment and related proceedings from time to time. The German tax audit for the financial years 2001-2006 completed in December 2012 resulted in additional net tax of 7 million payable by the Group. A new tax audit covering the years 2007-2011 began in 2012. In Italy, the Group is in the process of appealing against various material reassessments issued by the local tax authorities for the financial years 2004-2007. The reassessments could lead to additional taxes payable of approximately 4 million. It may take several years to resolve the Italian tax litigation. In Ukraine, decisions and assessments of local tax authorities are contested and appealed by the Group continuously. We regularly monitor the possible tax risks due in relation to these on-going processes, our estimated liability for all such audits are included as a non-current provision (as of December 31, 2012, the amount was 4.6 million).
Warranty claims in connection with products supplied by Portuguese supplier
On November 30, 2010, we entered into a compensation and settlement agreement with a Portuguese supplier regarding costs and damages incurred by us as a result of claims from end-customers in the Nordics and France resulting from defective products (flushing devices and mechanisms, inlet hoses and inner cisterns) supplied by them. Following this settlement agreement, we have become aware of further defective products produced or delivered by the same supplier which have or may result in damages. We have now undertaken an investigation to review to what extent the supplier's defective products have been used in Sanitec's products and pursuant to this investigation, we have reported these losses to our insurance provider and also entered into discussions with the supplier to clear and settle losses and damages which were not included in the settlement agreement.
REGULATION AND ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
