On November 30, 2010, we entered into a compensation and settlement agreement with a Portuguese supplier regarding costs and damages incurred by us as a result of claims from end-customers in the Nordics and France resulting from defective products (flushing devices and mechanisms, inlet hoses and inner cisterns) supplied by them. Following this settlement agreement, we have become aware of further defective products produced or delivered by the same supplier which have or may result in damages. We have now undertaken an investigation to review to what extent the supplier's defective products have been used in Sanitec's products and pursuant to this investigation, we have reported these losses to our insurance provider and also entered into discussions with the supplier to clear and settle losses and damages which were not included in the settlement agreement.
We are subject to a number of European Union, national, regional and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws, rules and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and natural resources including, among other things, the management of hazardous substances and waste, air emissions, the discharge of water, transportation, remediation of contamination and workplace health and safety. Our operations require us to maintain certain environmental permits for the production of ceramics sanitaryware and metal-based bath and shower products. In addition, our production units have generally been certified according to the ISO 9001 quality management standards and the ISO 14001 environmental management standards.
Our compliance matters are handled centrally through the adoption of guidelines and establishment of standards and principles and locally by each respective Group company responsible for implementation, follow up and handling of day-to-day matters. In 2010, we established a Compliance Committee, which is responsible for, inter alia, compliance matters and general policies of the Group. The Compliance Committee established a Code of Conduct applicable to the Group, which consists of standards and principles to be followed by our employees in their everyday roles and functions, including guidelines with respect to compliance with the law in relation to, inter alia, conflicts of interests, confidential information, bribery, environment, health and safety, harassment and discrimination.
We also supervise and monitor environmental matters at the site level, with regular maintenance and environmental remediation to remove pollution and contaminants, as well as ongoing discussions and actions to improve performance and ensure compliance with applicable regulations and permits. Certain of our production facilities have asbestos-containing materials on-site, and a few of our facilities, due to their long industrial history, have the potential for soil and groundwater contamination. In March 2012, we engaged an external consultant to conduct an environmental review with respect to our production facilities, which included a review of our current environmental permits. Generally, we are in compliance with our permits and applicable environmental laws. However, we are currently not in compliance with certain permits, including permits with respect to the following facilities, which are expected to incur a cost liability of at least 100,000: Morrum, Sweden (dust emissions from the filtering system exceed the permitted level under the environmental permit held); La Villeneuve au Chene, France (the plant does not contain necessary containment arrangements for contaminated stormwater and fire-fighting water); Limoges, France (the plant exceeds the permitted threshold for concentration of total suspended solids in uncontaminated stormwater and certain wastewater discharges); and Wisches, France (absence of fire-fighting water on site). We continue to monitor each of these sites and have taken actions to remedy each of these issues.
INSURANCE
We currently hold five group-wide insurance policies, which insure us against: (i) property damage and business interruption, (ii) general and product liability, (iii) credit losses, (iv) directors and officers liability and (v) crime. We also hold a directors and officers run-off cover policy relating to the Company and our previous parent company Sanitec Holdings Oy (which is not currently a part of the Group). We administer these policies centrally. In addition, we obtain local insurance policies in certain cases, for instance relating to travel, company cars, logistics and healthcare.
61
Management
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated in Finland with management headquarters at Kaupintie 2, FI-00440 Helsinki, Finland.
