Directors Fredrik Cappelen...................................... Adrian Barden.......................................... Caspar Callerström.................................. Pekka Lettijeff.......................................... Ulf Mattsson............................................
The following are biographical summaries for our executive officers named above:
Peter Nilsson has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer since 2010. Between 2008 and 2010 he was Chairman of the Board. Previously he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Duni AB from 2004 to 2007, and spent 16 years in various positions in management and business development ending as Senior Vice President at the Swedish Match Group. He also has experience running his own business consultancy firm and has completed Swedish military service. Mr. Nilsson holds a Master's of Science in Business Administration and Economics from the Stockholm School of Economics.
Gun Nilsson has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer since 2010. She joined Sanitec from the Chief Financial Officer position at the NASDAQ-traded company Nobia and has broad finance and executive management experience with several listed and privately owned companies, including PriceWaterhouseCoopers, the Bonnier Group, Gambro Holding AB and Duni AB. Mrs. Nilsson holds a Master's of Science in Business Administration and Economics from the Stockholm School of Economics.
Harald Treml joined the Issuer in 2008 and has been Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2010. Mr. Treml was previously the Vice President for Logistics at Electrolux Europe, and has extensive experience in supply chain management, logistics, process optimization and information technology. He holds a degree in Business Informatics from Bildungswerk der DAG, Aalen Germany.
Miguel Definti joined the Issuer in 2012 as Executive Vice President for Product Management & Design. He was previously head of product management at Georg Fischer, a Swiss manufacturer of piping systems, where he gained market development experience in the plumbing and piping field. In addition to training in sanitary engineering, Mr. Definti holds a degree in Business Administration from the University of Applied Sciences of Northwestern Switzerland.
Michael Hellmund is Executive Vice President for Human Resources at the Issuer, which he joined in 1997. Mr. Hellmund has a long history of human resources and executive management positions in Sanitec Group companies in the Netherlands and Germany, and has been Chief Executive Officer of Keramag AG since 1997. Mr. Hellmund has a degree in law from the University of Köln.
Magnus Terrvik has been Executive Vice President, Global Business Development & Change Management since 2010, after a seventeen-year career at McKinsey and Company, where he worked on several change and improvement programs across multiple industries. Mr. Terrvik holds a Master of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management from Chalmers University of Technology.
Krister Boethius joined the Issuer as Director of Global Business Development & Change Management in 2010. He previously spent seven years at McKinsey and Company, where he focused on strategy and operational development. Mr. Boethius holds a Master of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management from Chalmers University of Technology and a Bachelors degree in Economics from Gothenburg University.
