Magnus Terrvik has been Executive Vice President, Global Business Development & Change Management since 2010, after a seventeen-year career at McKinsey and Company, where he worked on several change and improvement programs across multiple industries. Mr. Terrvik holds a Master of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management from Chalmers University of Technology.
62
A minimum of one executive officer of the Issuer serves as a director and/or executive of each of the Guarantors.
The following are biographical summaries for our directors named above:
Fredrik Cappelen is the Chairman of the Board of the Issuer. He was formerly CEO of Nobia for thirteen years and also held executive and managerial positions at STORA Finepaper Group and Kavko GmbH. He also serves on the boards of Granngården, Dustin AB, Munksjö AB, Byggmax Group AB and Securitas AB. Mr Cappelen holds a degree in Business Administration from Uppsala University.
Adrian Barden has served on the Board of the Issuer since 2008. Mr. Barden owns his own private consultancy firm specializing in construction and private equity. Previously he was Group Business Development Manager at Wolseley PLC. He has attended the University of Lausanne and the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
Caspar Callerström is Head of Equity at EQT Partners AB. He also serves on the boards of Dometic Group and Scandic among other companies. Mr. Callerström holds degrees in Financial Economics and International Business from the Stockholm School of Economics.
Pekka Lettijeffis Chief Supply Chain Officer at Konecranes PLC, and has previously held executive positions in supply chain management at Nokia, AstraZeneca and General Motors. Mr. Lettijeff holds a degree in Business Administration from the University of Växjö.
UlfMattsson is the former CEO of Gambro AB of which he is now a Director. He has served on the Board of the Issuer since 2009 and serves as Chairman of the Board or Director of several Swedish companies including AcadeMedia AB and AddTech AB. He holds a degree in Business Administration and Economics from the University of Stockholm.
