>The Notes will be the senior secured obligations of the Issuer and will rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Issuer that is not subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, will be senior in right of payment to all existing and future indebtedness of the Issuer that is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and will be effectively senior to all of the Issuer's issued existing and future unsecured indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing the Notes.
>The Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by first priority liens granted over all of the capital stock of the Issuer and certain of the Issuer's subsidiaries and certain other assets of the Issuer and the Guarantors. However, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined herein) to be entered into in connection with the issuance of the Notes, in the event of enforcement of the security, the holders of the Notes will receive proceeds from the security only after the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein) and counterparties to certain priority hedging obligations have been repaid in full.
Of f e r in g
>The Notes and the Guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"). The Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act ("Rule 144A") and to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act ("Regulation S"). You are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. See "Plan of distribution" and "Notice to investors" for additional information about eligible offerees and transfer restrictions.
> There is currently no public market for the Notes. Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for admission to trading on the Euro MTF Market. There is no assurance that the Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market.
Investment in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk factors" beginning on page 16.
ISSUE PRICE: 100.0% PLUS ACCRUED INTEREST, IF ANY, FROM THE ISSUE DATE
This Offering Memorandum includes additional information on the terms of the Notes including redemption and repurchase prices, covenants and transfer restrictions.
Delivery of the Notes in book-entry through Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme ("Clearstream") on May 10, 2013.
