(3) Comprises members of our management that participate in a management equity program.
Certain relationships and related party transactions
Existing senior credit facilities On December 31, 2012 we had loans and interest payable to one of our parents, Sofia IV S.a r.l., in an amount of 148.5 million, which represented our intercompany liability with respect to the Existing Senior Credit Facilities. Our Existing Senior Credit Facilities will be repaid with the proceeds from this Offering as described under "Use of proceeds." Liability for former ultimate parent company On December 31, 2012, the Group had a liability of 0.4 million (0.4 million) to Caesar Holding Limited, our former ultimate parent company owned by EQT, relating to transaction costs payable on the acquisition of shares.
65
Description of other indebtedness
Thefollowing contains a summary o f the expected terms o f the Revolving Facility and the Intercreditor Agreement; it does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the underlying documents. Terms not otherwise defined in this section shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the same meanings set out in the Revolving Facility Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable.
REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY
On the Issue Date we will enter into the Revolving Facility Agreement providing for a 50.0 million senior revolving credit facility. The Revolving Facility Agreement will provide for 50.0 million of committed financing, which will be available for utilization by way of, among other things, revolving loans and letters of credit. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will be used to finance or refinance the general corporate and working capital purposes of the Group (as defined in the Revolving Facility Agreement) (including acquisitions of companies, businesses and undertakings).
The original borrowers under the Revolving Facility Agreement will be the Issuer and Sanitec Europe Oy. The Revolving Credit Facility will be guaranteed by the Guarantors and the Issuer. The facility agent (the "Agent") under the Revolving Credit Facility will be Danske Bank A/S. The Revolving Credit Facility may be utilized from and including the date on which all conditions precedent under the Revolving Facility Agreement are satisfied but no earlier than one Business Day after the closing date. No loans will be drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility on the Issue Date.
