The following description is a summary of certain provisions that will be contained in the Intercreditor Agreement. It does not restate the Intercreditor Agreement in its entirety nor does it describe provisions relating to the rights and obligations of holders of other classes of our debt. As such, we urge you to read the Intercreditor Agreement because it, and not the description that follows, defines the rights of the holders of the Notes.
The Intercreditor Agreement will provide, subject to the provisions regarding permitted payments and application of proceeds below, that the right and priority of payment of, among others, all present and future liabilities and obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility (the "Credit Facilities Liabilities"), the hedging agreements entered into by the Hedge Counterparties (including any hedging liabilities designated as priority hedging liabilities, up to a maximum of 25 million ("Priority Hedging Liabilities") (the "Hedging Liabilities"), the Notes (the "Notes Liabilities") and the Pari Passu Debt will rank pari passu in right and priority of payment without any preference or payment between them.
These liabilities will rank ahead of any liabilities of the Debtors to the Company and its subsidiaries (the "Intra-Group Liabilities") or any debt to a shareholder or non-Group entity (the "Structural Liabilities" and together with the Intra-Group Liabilities, the "Subordinated Liabilities"). The Intercreditor Agreement does not purport to rank the Subordinated Liabilities as between themselves.
Collateral
The RCF Lenders, the Hedge Counterparties, the Noteholders and the Pari Passu Creditors will benefit from a common guarantee and security package and no such secured creditor may take the benefit of any guarantee or security from the Restricted Group or the Company unless such guarantee or security is also offered (to the extent legally possible and consistent with the Agreed Security Principles) for the benefit of the other secured creditors. The Collateral shall rank and secure the liabilities owed to the RCF Lenders, the Hedge Counterparties, the Noteholders and the Pari Passu Creditors pari passu and without any preference between them.
In addition, the Intercreditor Agreement provides that the guarantees, the Deeds of Surety and Collateral will be released in certain circumstances described further below in "--Release o fsecurity and guarantees--Non-distressed disposals'"and "--Release o f security and guarantees--Distressed disposals."
Pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, all proceeds from enforcement of the Collateral will be applied as provided below under ``--Application o fProceeds' .
Permitted payments Prior to an acceleration event or enforcement of the Collateral, the Intercreditor Agreement will permit payments to be made by the Debtors under the Revolving Facility Agreement, the Indenture and any Pari Passu Debt documentation (provided that such payments are permitted under such documents) and does not limit or restrict any payment by any Debtor in the ordinary course of business. The Intercreditor Agreement also permits payments to lenders of Intra-Group Liabilities, provided that there has been no acceleration or enforcement of the Collateral. Payments may be made in respect of Structural Liabilities to the extent not prohibited by the Revolving Facility Agreement, the Indenture and the Pari Passu Debt documentation. There are also restrictions on payments to Hedge Counterparties except for certain specified permitted payments.
No Notes repurchase shall occur: (i) whilst a non-payment, breach of financial covenant or insolvency event of default is continuing; or (ii) if an acceleration event has occurred under the Revolving Facility Agreement. This shall not apply where on or before the date of the occurrence of the relevant event of default, the Company has irrevocably committed to the launch of any debt issuance, such launch to take place within 45 days of the date of the relevant event of default, with the intention of applying the proceeds of such debt issuance towards, inter alia, the repurchase of at least 50% of the Notes calculated as at 31 May, 2013.
