The Intercreditor Agreement may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders in certain circumstances set out further in "Description o f the Notes--Amendments to the Intercreditor Agreement and additional Intercreditor Agreements" below.
The Intercreditor Agreement also permits the Security Agent (subject to the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement) to enter into new or supplemental security and/or release and retake Transaction Security if certain conditions are met, set out further in "Description o f the Notes--Certain Covenants--Impairment o fsecurity interest. "
Ukrainian loans
In March 2008, Slavuta Plant Budfarfor; PJSC entered into term loan and working capital facilities with UniCredit Bank, under which there were 12.5 million and 1.9 million outstanding as of December 31, 2012.
In March 2010, Slavuta Plant Budfarfor, PJSC entered into a loan agreement with the Finnish Fund for Industrial Cooperation Ltd ("Finnfund"), a development finance company for promoting and financing enterprises in emerging countries that is majority owned by the Government of Finland of which the amount outstanding as of December 31, 2012 was 9.6 million.
In April 2013, Slavuta Plant Budfarfor, PJSC received a waiver from Unicredit Bank and Finnfund, which waived potential covenant breaches as at December 31, 2012, and certain amendments to the loan agreement with Unicredit Bank were agreed.
71
The three Ukrainian loans will be prepaid in full with the proceeds of this Offering. See "Use o fproceeds. "Due to waiver requirements, extended notice periods and regulatory controls, among other factors, we will not be able to complete the prepayment of the Ukrainian loans on the Issue Date, and this repayment will occur subsequent to the Issue Date. Other financings We have a small number of bilateral loans with third parties existing at our subsidiaries totaling approximately 0.3 million as at December 31, 2012 (excluding the Ukrainian loans, which will be repaid with the proceeds of this Offering. See "Use o f proceeds"). These other loans have been used, among other things, to fund, e.g., trucks and forklifts. We have also entered into factoring arrangements in France and Poland in an amount (as at December 31, 2012) of approximately 4.0 million (total arrangement limits thereunder being approximately 15 million). From time to time, we also enter into hedging arrangements in the ordinary course of business to, for example, hedge sales to foreign entities in foreign currencies with foreign exchange forward contracts.
72
