The three Ukrainian loans will be prepaid in full with the proceeds of this Offering. See "Use o fproceeds. "Due to waiver requirements, extended notice periods and regulatory controls, among other factors, we will not be able to complete the prepayment of the Ukrainian loans on the Issue Date, and this repayment will occur subsequent to the Issue Date. Other financings We have a small number of bilateral loans with third parties existing at our subsidiaries totaling approximately 0.3 million as at December 31, 2012 (excluding the Ukrainian loans, which will be repaid with the proceeds of this Offering. See "Use o f proceeds"). These other loans have been used, among other things, to fund, e.g., trucks and forklifts. We have also entered into factoring arrangements in France and Poland in an amount (as at December 31, 2012) of approximately 4.0 million (total arrangement limits thereunder being approximately 15 million). From time to time, we also enter into hedging arrangements in the ordinary course of business to, for example, hedge sales to foreign entities in foreign currencies with foreign exchange forward contracts.
Description of the Notes
The definitions of certain terms used in this description are set forth under the subheading "--Certain definitions." In this "Description of the Notes," the word "Issuer" refers only to Sanitec Oyj, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland, and not to any of its Subsidiaries, except for the purpose of financial data determined on a consolidated or combined basis, as the case may be.
The Issuer will issue and the Guarantors (as defined below) will guarantee 250 million aggregate principal amount of eurodenominated senior secured floating rate notes due 2018 (the "Notes") under an indenture to be dated May 10, 2013 (the "Indenture") among the Issuer, the Guarantors, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as trustee (the "Trustee"), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., as registrar (the "Registrar") and transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent") and Wilmington Trust (London) Limited as security agent (the "Security Agent"). The phrase "Notes" refers also to Book-Entry Interests (as defined below) in the Notes. Except as set forth herein, the terms of the Notes include those set forth in the Indenture.
The Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees will be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and any additional intercreditor agreements entered into in the future. The terms of the Intercreditor Agreement are important to understanding the terms and ranking of the Liens on the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees. See "Description of other indebtedness-- Intercreditor Agreement" for a description of the material terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
The following description is only a summary of the material terms of the Indenture. It does not, however, restate the Indenture in its entirety, and where reference is made to particular provisions of the Indenture, such provisions, including the definitions of certain terms, are qualified in their entirety by reference to all the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture. You should read the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement because they contain additional information and because they and not this description define your rights as a holder of the Notes. A copy of the form of the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement may be obtained by requesting it from the Issuer at the address indicated under "Listing and general information."
The Indenture will not be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. Consequently, the holders of Notes generally will not be entitled to the protections provided under the Trust Indenture Act to holders of debt securities issued under a qualified indenture, including those requiring the Trustee to resign in the event of certain conflicts of interest and to inform the holders of Notes of certain relationships between it and the Issuer or the Guarantors.
The Issuer will make an application for the Notes to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF"). The Issuer can provide no assurance that this application will be accepted. See "--Payments on the Notes; Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent for the Notes."
The registered holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. Only registered holders will have rights under the Indenture.
