The Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture pursuant to the "Limitations on Guarantees of Debt by Restricted Subsidiaries" covenant will require that, for each annual period beginning January 1, 2014 (determined upon the receipt of annual financial statements), the Issuer and the Guarantors will generate an excess of 80.0% of the Issuer's consolidated EBITDA and 80% of the Issuer's total assets (determined based on such annual financial statements). As of December 31, 2012, with the inclusion of the
Ukrainian Guarantors, the Issuer and the Guarantors would have generated 87.7% and the Issuer's consolidated EBITDA and 85.7% of the Issuer's total assets. To the extent the Ukrainian Guarantors do not accede to the Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture in connection with the satisfaction of these threshold requirements, the Issuer will cause other non-Guarantor subsidiaries to become Guarantors to meet these levels. See "Risk factors--Risks Relating to the Notes and our Capital Structure--Guarantees (Deeds of Surety) and security interests of our Ukrainian subsidiaries will not be available on the Issue Date."
The Intercreditor Agreement will provide (among other things) that any proceeds received from enforcement of the security shared by the Revolving Facility Agreement and the Notes will first be applied to satisfy any obligations outstanding under the Revolving Facility Agreement and thereafter to satisfy the obligations under the Notes. See "Description of other indebtedness-- Intercreditor Agreement. ''
Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, shall be deemed: (i) to have authorized the Trustee and the Security Agent, as the case may be, to enter into the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement; and (ii) to be bound thereby. Each holder of Notes, by accepting a Note, appoints the Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, as its agent under the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement and authorizes it to act as such.
The Security Documents will provide that the rights of the holders of the Notes with respect to the Collateral must be exercised by the Security Agent. Since the holders of the Notes are not a party to the Security Documents, holders may not, individually or collectively, take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents. The holders may only act through the Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable. The Security Agent will agree to any release of the security interest created by the Security Documents as directed by the Trustee that is in accordance with the Indenture without requiring any consent of the holders. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the holders of the Notes will, in certain circumstances, share in the ability to direct the Trustee to direct Security Agent to commence enforcement action under the Security Documents. However, in enforcing the Liens provided for under the Security Documents, the Security Agent will take direction from the Trustee. See "Description of other indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement."
Subject to the terms of the Security Documents, the Issuer and the Guarantors will be entitled to exercise any and all voting rights and to receive and retain any and all cash dividends, stock dividends, liquidating dividends, non-cash dividends, shares of stock resulting from stock splits or reclassifications, rights issue, warrants, options and other distributions (whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing) in respect of the shares that are part of the Collateral.
The value of the Collateral securing the Notes may not be sufficient to satisfy the Issuer's and the Guarantors' obligations under the Notes and the related Guarantees. See "Risk factors--Risks relating to the Notes and our Capital Structure." There can be no assurance that the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral, in whole or in part, pursuant to the Indenture and the Security Documents following an Event of Default, would be sufficient to satisfy amounts due on the Notes. By its nature, the Collateral is illiquid and has no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Collateral would be sold in a timely manner or at all.
The Security Documents are governed by applicable local law and provide that the rights with respect to the Notes and the Indenture must be exercised by the Security Agent and in respect of the entire outstanding amount of the Notes.
RELEASE OF LIENS
