The obligations of each Guarantor under its Guarantee and the Security Interests it has granted to secure the Notes will be limited to an amount not to exceed the maximum amount that can be guaranteed by such Guarantor without resulting in its obligations under its Guarantee and Security Interests, as applicable, being voidable or unenforceable under applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfer or under similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, or the maximum amount otherwise permitted by law. In particular, each Guarantee and its Security Interests will be limited as required to comply with corporate benefit, maintenance of capital and other laws applicable in the jurisdiction of the relevant Guarantor. By virtue of these limitations, a Guarantor's obligations under its Guarantee or its Security Interests could be significantly less than amounts payable in respect of the Notes, or a Guarantor may have effectively no obligations under its Guarantee or its Security Interests. See "Certain Insolvency Considerations and Limitations on the Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and the Deeds of Surety."
(a) the Issuer and its Subsidiaries would have had total indebtedness of 250.3 million and up to an additional 50.0 million available for borrowings under the committed and undrawn portion of the Revolving Facility Agreement; and
(b) the Subsidiaries of the Issuer that are not Guarantors would have had de minimis total third-party funded indebtedness, as well as trade payables and tax liabilities, to which the Notes and the Guarantees are structurally subordinated.
We estimate that the Issuer and the Guarantors would have generated 84.2% of the Company's EBITDA and would have held 79.6% of the Company's consolidated total assets for the year ended December 31, 2012. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of these non-guarantor Subsidiaries, the non-guarantor Subsidiaries will likely be required to repay financial and trade creditors before distributing any assets to the Issuer or the Guarantors.
As of the Issue Date, all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will be "Restricted Subsidiaries." However, under the circumstances described below under the caption "--Certain covenants--Designation of Unrestricted and Restricted Subsidiaries," the Issuer will be permitted to designate certain of its Subsidiaries as "Unrestricted Subsidiaries." Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture.
Although the Indenture will contain limitations on the amount of additional Debt that the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries may incur, the amount of such additional Debt could be substantial.
PRINCIPAL, MATURITY AND INTEREST
The Notes will mature on May 15, 2018. The redemption price at maturity is 100% plus accrued interest.The Notes will bear interest at a rate per annum (the "Applicable Rate"), reset quarterly, equal to EURIBOR plus 475 basis points, as determined by an agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate EURIBOR for purposes of the Indenture (the "Calculation Agent"), which shall initially be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
Interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on each February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, commencing on August 15, 2013. If a particular interest payment date is not a business day, then the payment date will move to the next business day. Therefore the interest period will be one or more days longer. The Issuer will pay interest to those persons who were holders of record on the February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 or immediately preceding the applicable interest payment date, as the case may be. The Notes will bear interest from the Issue Date or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid.
