The Notes will mature on May 15, 2018. The redemption price at maturity is 100% plus accrued interest.The Notes will bear interest at a rate per annum (the "Applicable Rate"), reset quarterly, equal to EURIBOR plus 475 basis points, as determined by an agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate EURIBOR for purposes of the Indenture (the "Calculation Agent"), which shall initially be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
77
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on each Determination Date, determine the Applicable Rate, and calculate the aggregate amount of interest payable on the Notes in respect of the following Interest Period (the "Interest Amount"). The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Applicable Rate to the principal amount of the Notes outstanding at the commencement of the Interest Period, multiplying each such amount by the actual number of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360.
All percentages resulting from any of the above calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with five one-millionths of a percentage point being rounded upwards (e.g., 4.876545% (or 0.04876545) being rounded to 4.87655% (or 0.487655)). All euro amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest euro cent (with one-half euro cent being rounded upwards). The determination of the Applicable Rate and the Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of willful default, bad faith or manifest error, be binding on all parties.
The Calculation Agent will, upon the written request of the holder of any Note, provide the interest rate then in effect with respect to the Notes.
The rights of holders of beneficial interests in the Notes to receive the payments of interest on the Notes will be subject to applicable procedures of the book-entry depositary and Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable.
Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Interest on overdue principal and interest and Additional Amounts (as defined below) and premium, if any, will accrue at a rate that is 1% higher than the then Applicable Rate on the Notes.
The Applicable Rate on the Notes will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.
Set forth below is a summary of certain of the defined terms used in the Indenture relating to the calculation of interest on the Notes:
