The Applicable Rate on the Notes will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.
"Determination Date," with respect to an Interest Period, will be the day that is the first day of such Interest Period.
"EURIBOR," with respect to an Interest Period, will be the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in euros for a three-month period beginning on (and including) the Determination Date that appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 as of 11:00 a.m. Brussels time, on the Determination Date. If Reuters Page EURIBOR01 does not include such a rate or is unavailable on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will request the principal London office of each of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market, as selected by the Calculation Agent to provide such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Determination Date, to prime banks in the Euro-zone interbank market for deposits in a Representative Amount in euro for a three-month period beginning on (and including) the Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the rate for the Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such rates quoted by major banks in London, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the Determination Date, for loans in euros to leading European banks for a three-month period beginning on (and including) the Determination Date and in a Representative Amount.
"Euro-zone" means the region composed of member states of the European Union that at the relevant time have adopted the euro.
"Interest Period" means the period commencing on and including an interest payment date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding interest payment date, with the exception that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Issue Date and end on and exclude August 15, 2013.
"Representative Amount" means the greater of (a) 1.0 million and (b) an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
"Reuters Page EURIBOR01" means the display page so designated on Reuters (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor).
Subject to the covenant described under "--Certain covenants--Limitation on Debt," the Issuer is permitted to issue additional Notes as part of a further issue under the Indenture ("Additional Notes") from time to time. The Notes and the Additional Notes that are actually issued will be treated as a single class for all purposes of the Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except for certain waivers and amendments; provided, however, that such Additional Notes will not be issued under the same CUSIP, ISIN, Common Code or other identifying number as the outstanding Notes of that series unless such Additional Notes are fungible with such Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the "Notes" for all purposes of the Indenture and in this "Description of the Notes" include references to any Additional Notes that are actually issued.
78
