Subject to the covenant described under "--Certain covenants--Limitation on Debt," the Issuer is permitted to issue additional Notes as part of a further issue under the Indenture ("Additional Notes") from time to time. The Notes and the Additional Notes that are actually issued will be treated as a single class for all purposes of the Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except for certain waivers and amendments; provided, however, that such Additional Notes will not be issued under the same CUSIP, ISIN, Common Code or other identifying number as the outstanding Notes of that series unless such Additional Notes are fungible with such Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the "Notes" for all purposes of the Indenture and in this "Description of the Notes" include references to any Additional Notes that are actually issued.
FORM OF NOTES
The Notes will be issued on the Issue Date only in fully registered form without coupons and only in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof.
Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") will initially be represented by Global Notes (as defined below) in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "144A Global Notes"). The 144A Global Notes will be deposited, on the Issue Date, with a common depository and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depository for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream. Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act will initially be represented by Global Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Regulation S Global Notes" and, together with the 144A Global Notes, the "Global Notes"). The Regulation S Global Notes will be deposited, on the Issue Date, with a common depository and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depository for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream. See "Book-entry, delivery and form."
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE The Global Notes may be transferred in accordance with the Indenture. Ownership of interests in the Global Notes (the "BookEntry Interests") will be limited to Persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream or Persons that may hold interests through such participants. Ownership of interests in the Book-Entry Interests and transfers thereof will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and certification requirements summarized below and described more fully under "Notice to investors." In addition, transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by Euroclear or Clearstream and their respective participants. Book-Entry Interests in the 144A Global Notes (the "Restricted Book-Entry Interests") may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the Regulation S Global Notes (the "Regulation S Book-Entry Interests") only upon delivery by the transferor to the Registrar of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Any Book-Entry Interest that is transferred as described in the immediately preceding paragraphs will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note from which it was transferred and will become a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note to which it was transferred. Accordingly, from and after such transfer, it will become subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in the Global Note to which it was transferred.
If definitive notes in registered form ("Definitive Registered Notes") are issued, they will be issued only in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, upon receipt by the Registrar of instructions relating thereto and any certificates and other documentation required by the Indenture. It is expected that such instructions will be based upon directions received by Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, from the participant which owns the relevant Book-Entry Interests. Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest will, except as set forth in the Indenture or as otherwise determined by the Issuer in compliance with applicable law, be subject to, and will have a legend with respect to, the restrictions on transfer summarized below and described more fully under "Notice to investors."
Subject to the restrictions on transfer referred to above, Notes issued as Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred or exchanged, in whole or in part, in minimum denominations of 100,000 in principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, to persons who take delivery thereof in the form of Definitive Registered Notes. In connection with any such transfer or exchange, the Indenture will require the transferring or exchanging holder to, among other things, furnish to the Registrar appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, furnish information regarding the account of the transferee where appropriate, furnish certain certificates and opinions, and pay any Taxes in connection with such transfer or exchange. Any such transfer or exchange will be made without charge to the holder, other than any Taxes payable in connection with such transfer or exchange.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer is not required to register the transfer of any Definitive Registered Notes: (a) for a period of 15 days prior to any date fixed for the redemption of the Notes; (b) for a period of 15 days immediately prior to the date fixed for selection of Notes to be redeemed in part; (c) for a period of 15 days prior to the record date with respect to any interest payment date; or (d) which the holder has tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer, Excess Proceeds Offer or Notes Offer.
