Subject to the restrictions on transfer referred to above, Notes issued as Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred or exchanged, in whole or in part, in minimum denominations of 100,000 in principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, to persons who take delivery thereof in the form of Definitive Registered Notes. In connection with any such transfer or exchange, the Indenture will require the transferring or exchanging holder to, among other things, furnish to the Registrar appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, furnish information regarding the account of the transferee where appropriate, furnish certain certificates and opinions, and pay any Taxes in connection with such transfer or exchange. Any such transfer or exchange will be made without charge to the holder, other than any Taxes payable in connection with such transfer or exchange.
The Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer and certification requirements, as described under "Notice to investors."
79
PAYMENTS ON THE NOTES; PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE NOTES
The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a "Paying Agent," and together, the "Paying Agents") for the Notes in the City of London (the "Principal Paying Agent"). The initial Principal Paying Agent will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
The Issuer may change the Paying Agents, the Registrars or the Transfer Agents without prior notice to the holders of the Notes. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Euro MTF and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of registrar or transfer agent on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
In addition, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as paying agent in connection with the Notes other than for the purposes of effecting a redemption described under "--Optional redemption" or an offer to purchase the Notes described under "--Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control" or "--Certain covenants--Limitation on sale of certain assets." The Issuer will make payments on the Global Notes to the Paying Agents for further credit to Euroclear or Clearstream (as applicable) which will in turn, distribute such payments in accordance with its procedures. The Issuer will make all payments in same-day funds.
The Issuer undertakes that it will maintain a paying agent in an EU Member State that is not obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of November 26-27, 2000 on the taxation of savings income, or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive.
The Issuer will maintain one or more registrars (each, a "Registrar"). The initial Registrar will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. for the Notes. The initial transfer agent will be Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in Luxembourg. The Registrar will maintain a register for the Notes reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined herein) outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfer of Definitive Registered Notes on behalf of the Issuer.
