(e) that any Note (or part thereof) not tendered will continue to accrue interest; and
83
The Paying Agent will promptly mail (or cause to be delivered) to each holder of Notes properly tendered the Change of Control Purchase Price for such Notes. The Trustee (or the authenticating agent appointed by it) will promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each holder a new Note or Notes equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of Notes surrendered, if any, to the holder of Notes in global form or to each holder of certificated Notes; provided that each new Note will be in a principal amount of 100,000 or in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. The Issuer will publicly announce the results of a Change of Control Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Change of Control Purchase Date.
The ability of the Issuer to repurchase Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture, the Revolving Credit Facility will be cancelled and all outstanding utilizations and ancillary outstandings, together with accrued interest, and all amounts accrued under the finance documents (as defined therein) shall become immediately due and payable. The Issuer's future indebtedness and the future indebtedness of its Subsidiaries may also require such indebtedness to be repurchased upon a change of control. Moreover, the exercise by the holders of the Notes of their right to require a repurchase of the Notes upon a Change of Control could cause a default under such indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the possible financial effect on the Issuer of such repurchase.
If a Change of Control Offer is made, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that it will have available funds sufficient to pay the Change of Control Purchase Price for all the Notes that might be delivered by holders of the Notes seeking to accept the Change of Control Offer. If the Issuer fails to make or consummate a Change of Control Offer or pay the Change of Control Purchase Price when due, such failure would result in an Event of Default and would give the Trustee and the holders of the Notes the rights described under "--Events of Default."
Even if sufficient funds were otherwise available, the terms of the other indebtedness of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries may prohibit the prepayment of the Notes prior to their scheduled maturity. If the Issuer was not able to prepay any indebtedness containing any such restrictions or obtain requisite consents, the Issuer would be unable to fulfill its repurchase obligations to holders of Notes who exercise their right to redeem their Notes following a Change of Control, which would cause a Default under the Indenture. A Default under the Indenture, unless waived by holders, would result in a cross default under certain of the financing arrangements described under "Description of other indebtedness."
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if (1) a third-party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer, or (2) a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to the Indenture as described above under the caption "--Optional redemption," unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price. The Change of Control provisions described above will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of the Indenture are applicable. Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the provisions of the Indenture will not give holders the right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes in the event of certain highly leveraged transactions, or certain other transactions, including a reorganization, restructuring, merger or similar transaction that may adversely affect holders of the Notes, if such transaction is not a transaction defined as a Change of Control. Any such transaction, however, would have to comply with the applicable provisions of the Indenture, including the "--Limitation on Debt" covenant. The existence of a holder of the Notes' right to require the Issuer to repurchase such holder's Notes upon a Change of Control may deter a third-party from acquiring the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in a transaction which constitutes a Change of Control.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
The Issuer will comply with the applicable tender offer rules, including Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other applicable securities laws and regulations in connection with a Change of Control Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached their obligations under the Indenture by virtue of such conflict.
