Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase "all or substantially all," there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve "all or substantially all" of the property or assets of a Person.
Notices of redemption may be made subject to conditions precedent.
If fewer than all the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee or the Registrar will select the Notes for redemption by a method that complies with the requirements, as certified to the Trustee and the Registrar by the Issuer, of the principal securities exchange, if any, on which the Notes are listed at such time or, if the Notes are not listed on a securities exchange, pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee or the Registrar in its sole discretion shall deem fair and appropriate unless otherwise required by law; provided, however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the principal amount of a Note not redeemed to less than 100,000. Neither the Trustee nor the Registrar shall be liable for any selections made by it in accordance with this paragraph.
No Notes of 100,000 or less can be redeemed in part. Notices of redemption will be mailed by first class mail at least 30 but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture.
If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note will state the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed. While the Notes are held in certificated form, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note will be issued in the name of the holder of Notes upon cancellation of the original Note. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes redeemed.
For Notes which are represented by global certificates held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, notices may be given by delivery of the relevant notices to Euroclear or Clearstream for communication to entitled account holders in substitution for the aforesaid mailing. So long as any Notes are listed on the Euro MTF and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, any such notice to the holders of the relevant Notes shall also be published in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, in connection with any redemption, the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any change in the principal amount of Notes outstanding.
SUSPENSION OF CERTAIN COVENANTS WHEN NOTES RATED INVESTMENT GRADE
If on any date following the Issue Date, the Notes attain an Investment Grade Rating from both of the Rating Agencies and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Indenture (a "Suspension Event"), beginning on the day of the Suspension Event and continuing until such time (the "Suspension Period"), if any, at which the such Notes cease to have an Investment Grade Rating from each Rating Agency (the "Reversion Date"), the provisions of the Indenture summarized under the following captions, and, in each case, any related default provision of the Indenture, will not apply to the Notes:
(1) "--Certain covenants--Limitation on Debt;"
