If the Trustee becomes a creditor of the Issuer or any Guarantor the Indenture limits the right of the Trustee to obtain payment of claims in certain cases, or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions; however, if it acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign as Trustee.
The Guarantors and the Issuer jointly and severally will indemnify the Trustee for all claims, liabilities and expenses incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud on its part, arising out of or in connection with its duties. The Trustee shall bear no responsibility for special damages, punitive damages, lost profits or consequential losses.
105
LISTING Application has been made to list the Notes on the Euro MTF. There can be no guarantee that the application to list the Notes on the Euro MTF will be approved as of the Issue Date or at any time thereafter, and settlement of the Notes is not conditioned on obtaining this listing. The Issuer has initially designated Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as its listing agent (the "Listing Agent"). The address of the Listing Agent is 2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
LISTING AND GENERAL INFORMATION So long as the Notes are listed on the Euro MTF and the rules of Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall so require, copies, current and future, of all of our annual audited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements, our unaudited consolidated interim quarterly financial statements and this Offering Memorandum may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer.
NO PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND SHAREHOLDERS No director, officer, employee, incorporator, member or shareholder of the Issuer or any Guarantor will have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees, the Security Documents or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. Such waiver and release may not be effective to waive liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws.
PRESCRIPTION Claims against the Issuer or the Guarantors for the payment of principal or premium, if any, on the Notes will be prescribed ten years after the applicable due date for payment thereof. Claims against the Issuer or the Guarantors for the payment of interest on the Notes will be prescribed five years after the applicable due date for payment of interest.
GOVERNING LAW The Indenture, the Notes and the related Guarantees will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, and will provide for the submission of the parties to the jurisdiction of the courts in the State of New York.
The Intercreditor Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, and will provide for the submission of the parties to the jurisdiction of the courts in England and Wales.
