GOVERNING LAW The Indenture, the Notes and the related Guarantees will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, and will provide for the submission of the parties to the jurisdiction of the courts in the State of New York.
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION AND SERVICE The Indenture will provide that the Issuer and each Guarantor will appoint an agent for service of process in any suit, action or proceeding with respect to the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees and for actions brought under U.S. federal or state securities laws brought in any Federal or state court located in the City of New York and will submit to such jurisdiction.
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS Since substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and the Guarantors are outside the United States, any judgment obtained in the United States against the Issuer or certain Guarantors, including judgments with respect to the payment of principal, premium, if any, interest, Additional Amounts, redemption price and any purchase price with respect to the Notes, may not be collectable within the United States.
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS Set forth below are certain defined terms used in the Indenture. Reference is made to the Indenture for a full disclosure of all such terms, as well as any other capitalized terms used herein for which no definition is provided.
"Acquired Debt" means Debt of a Person: (a) existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with such specified Person whether or not such Debt is incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging with or into, or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; or (b) assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from any such Person.
Acquired Debt will be deemed to be incurred on the date the acquired Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or the date of the related acquisition of assets from any Person.
106
"Affiliate" means, with respect to any specified Person any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, "control," when used with respect to any specified Person, means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling," "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Applicable Redemption Premium" means
