1
(*) Comprises Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria and Switzerland. (**) Constitutes solid surface materials marketed under the Varicor brand name.
HISTORY The majority of our strategic brands have over 100 years of history in their respective national markets. Our integrated group has its origins as a subsidiary of Wartsila Corporation, which grouped together its bathroom operations in 1990 to form Sanitec. Prior to 1991, we were mainly active in Finland, Sweden and Norway. Since that point, we have grown organically, including in Russia, and by strategically expanding our presence in ceramics sanitaryware and ceramics complementary products in Europe through the acquisitions of manufacturers with leading national brands in Germany, the Benelux countries, France, Italy, Poland, Ukraine and the United Kingdom. In 2005, we were acquired by the EQT IV Fund ("EQT") via five acquisition vehicles. In 2009, in connection with our financial restructuring, we established our current corporate structure as shown under "Summary corporate structure." EQT is a leading manager of private equity funds with investments in Northern and Eastern Europe, Asia and the United States. EQT has raised 15 private equity funds with more than 20 billion of committed capital. Since its establishment, EQT has invested some 11 billion in more than 110 companies. For over 18 years and through varying economic cycles, EQT has adopted a business model driven by its industrial heritage and an operational approach focused on the long term development of portfolio companies and executing a strategy that generates returns through sales and earnings growth.
INDUSTRY The bathroom fixtures market in our core European countries is valued at circa 7.8 billion, consisting of ceramics sanitaryware (21%), taps and mixers (29%), bathroom furniture (19%), showers (17%), baths (8%) and pre-wall systems (6%). Demand for these products is primarily driven by the need for renovation, maintenance and improvement ("RMF ) of bathrooms, as well as new construction activity, in both residential and non-residential segments. The RMI segment represents approximately 70% of the ceramics sanitaryware market. Historically, RMI and replacement of existing bathroom products have been more stable, since the replacement of aging products often cannot be postponed as easily as new construction, and is characterized by relatively stable growth over time (as well as more resilience during market downturns), whereas the new-build part of the market tends to be more cyclical. Growth in the bathroom fixtures market is therefore related to the continued stabilization and further growth in the construction market. BRG Consult estimates that the European bathroom fixtures market will grow by an average of 1.5% per annum from 2012 to 2015, with some regions such as North and East Europe and the United Kingdom expected to experience higher growth. Bathroom fixtures are to a large extent distributed through a multi-step distribution process, in which products are sold via wholesalers, to retail (including DIY) chains and installers, who in turn sell to the end consumers. Successful manufacturers therefore need to provide value to both the direct customers as well as to the important decision-makers in the value chain such as installers, retailers and ultimately the end consumer. The European ceramics sanitaryware industry is highly consolidated, with the top five companies having aggregated market shares ranging from circa 50% to up to circa 90% across the various regions. Competition in ceramics complementary products tends to be more fragmented, with a higher proportion of local or regional companies.
2
COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS
We believe that the following strengths differentiate us from our competitors and provide us with a competitive advantage in the markets in which we operate:
Leading marketpositions in the most resilient European markets. We are the leading European producer of ceramics sanitaryware and bathroom fixtures. We have a number one or two position in ceramics sanitaryware in each of our core Western European markets which comprise Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland and the United Kingdom, as well as strong positions in our growth markets, including Ukraine and Russia. We have a geographic footprint that is weighted towards the economies in Europe that have proven the most resilient in the recent global financial crisis (for example, 53.3% of our net sales in 2012 came from regions that we refer to as North Europe (the Nordic countries) and Central Europe (Germany, Benelux, Austria and Switzerland). As a result our business is less weighted towards the economies that have struggled more to recover from the market downturn. Our strong position in the ceramics sanitaryware market in Ukraine (and growing market share in Russia) positions us well to continue to exploit high-growth markets in East Europe.
Strong portfolio o f well-recognized national brands. We have a portfolio of some of the oldest and most well-known national brands in the bathroom products industry. The majority of our strategic brands (KERAMAG, Sphinx, IDO, Ifo, Allia, PozziGinori, Kolo, Colombo and Twyford) have over 100 years of history in their respective local markets. We also maintain tactical brands (such as Ceravid, Perline, Porsgrund and Selles) which complement, protect and support our strategic brands and address DIY demand in certain markets. We believe that our brands are perceived to represent product innovation and design leadership as well as high quality and ease of installation. We believe that this brand strength facilitates the introduction of new products and fosters loyalty and trust among our customers and installers, who seek to provide their customers with reliable products from wellknown brands. Our brand strength has also facilitated our expansion into new strategic markets, such as the introduction of the Pozzi-Ginori (Italian) brand to the Chinese market and the Twyford (United Kingdom) brand to new customers in Commonwealth countries such as Hong Kong, Australia and certain sub-Saharan African countries, and supported our continued growth in the Middle East.
