Leading marketpositions in the most resilient European markets. We are the leading European producer of ceramics sanitaryware and bathroom fixtures. We have a number one or two position in ceramics sanitaryware in each of our core Western European markets which comprise Germany, the Benelux countries, the Nordic countries, France, Italy, Poland and the United Kingdom, as well as strong positions in our growth markets, including Ukraine and Russia. We have a geographic footprint that is weighted towards the economies in Europe that have proven the most resilient in the recent global financial crisis (for example, 53.3% of our net sales in 2012 came from regions that we refer to as North Europe (the Nordic countries) and Central Europe (Germany, Benelux, Austria and Switzerland). As a result our business is less weighted towards the economies that have struggled more to recover from the market downturn. Our strong position in the ceramics sanitaryware market in Ukraine (and growing market share in Russia) positions us well to continue to exploit high-growth markets in East Europe.
Loyal customer base. We have long-standing and stable relationships with our customers, who are primarily wholesalers, as well as retailers (including DIY outlets) and installers. We have maintained the loyalty of our installers (who have a high amount of influence on the ultimate purchasing decision) by, among other things, manufacturing high-quality and innovative products, simplifying installation through product design and easy availability of products and spare parts, and local service and product support.
Sustainable profitability improvement driven by "One Sanitec"strategy and cost savings initiatives. Since 2010, our new management team has successfully implemented our "One Sanitec" strategy, creating an integrated group of companies with:
> a transparent reporting process, which enables a commercial policy focused on delivering a high level of profitability and allows for detailed analysis of the true financial performance across the group, which in turn enables better business decision making; and
> appropriately centralized operations (including warehouse and distribution centers) and support functions to capture economies of scale, reduce our cost base, increase operational efficiency and enhance profitability, while maintaining a strong local sales force to serve individual market needs.
We have also implemented numerous other initiatives (the full impact of which has not yet been realized), including increasing the share of production in low cost facilities and closing or divesting certain plants, reducing the number of our suppliers, increasing sourcing in low cost facilities and rationalizing our product ranges. As a result of these initiatives, along with other measures, we have increased Adjusted EBITDA from 58.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 to 107.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. With these and other measures, we believe that we have established a platform that allows us to grow and focus on new opportunities, but is also dynamic and flexible enough to allow us to adapt to market changes as they occur.
Stable industry, well-positionedfo r recovering end markets. Market shares in the industry in which we operate tend to be relatively stable over time, driven by (i) the specialist knowledge required for ceramics production, (ii) significant required investment in production facilities and (iii) the need for strong brand recognition and access to local distribution channels. Demand for our ceramics sanitaryware products is also largely driven by the less cyclical RMI sector of the market, with RMI accounting for circa 70% and new build accounting for circa 30% of our demand in 2012, resulting in relatively stable markets for our products. We believe we are well-positioned for a cyclical upturn in the new build sector, which will further drive volume growth.
Highly experienced management. Our top management team consists of our CEO, CFO, COO, executives for Global Business Development and Change Management, Product Management and Design, and Human Resources. The majority of the current management team joined the business between 2008 and 2010 and led the restructuring and recovery of the business, growing Adjusted EBITDA from 58.4 million in 2009 to 107.6 million in 2012. Our CEO, Peter Nilsson, was appointed to this position in 2010, having acted as chairman of the Sanitec board since 2008. Our CFO, Gun Nilsson, joined the business in 2010 having previously acted as CFO of a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ OMX. Our Global Business Development and Change Management function is led by Magnus Terrvik, who joined the business in 2010, having previously spent 17 years with McKinsey and Company.
3
