Highly experienced management. Our top management team consists of our CEO, CFO, COO, executives for Global Business Development and Change Management, Product Management and Design, and Human Resources. The majority of the current management team joined the business between 2008 and 2010 and led the restructuring and recovery of the business, growing Adjusted EBITDA from 58.4 million in 2009 to 107.6 million in 2012. Our CEO, Peter Nilsson, was appointed to this position in 2010, having acted as chairman of the Sanitec board since 2008. Our CFO, Gun Nilsson, joined the business in 2010 having previously acted as CFO of a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ OMX. Our Global Business Development and Change Management function is led by Magnus Terrvik, who joined the business in 2010, having previously spent 17 years with McKinsey and Company.
BUSINESS STRATEGY Drive value through innovation and product leadership. We operate in a mixture of mature and emerging markets. In the more mature, core Western European markets where we already have the number one or number two positions, we expect our market share to remain stable or increase slightly over the near term. Our markets (even those that were more resilient in response to the global economic crisis of 2009 onwards) have yet to regain their 2008 levels. While we expect our sales volumes to increase as our markets strengthen, in order to continue to develop our business, we are prioritizing profit over volume by continuing to invest in product innovation and product leadership and focusing on enhancing our product mix (for example, by launching KERAMAG Design as our pan-European premium brand).
Capitalize on expected growth in ceramics complementary products. Customers increasingly look for bathroom suites with integrated furniture, bath, showers, taps and mixers, and ceramics products; there is also an increasing trend towards the use of wall-mounted toilets (which require the supply of a toilet along with a pre-wall element). We see a significant opportunity to grow sales in our group overall by increasing the amount of bundled products that we sell. By leveraging our local ceramics sanitaryware brands and our successes in individual markets, we intend to capitalize on this market opportunity through, among other things, the following steps: > training and incentivizing our sales force, providing them with clear sales targets for bundled products; > conducting installer training and educating them on specific product design characteristics;
> improving our showroom infrastructure to highlight bundled products; and > coordinating product development between our ceramics sanitaryware and ceramics complementary products teams to ensure
an integrated offering of innovative products.
Increase sales by pursuing growth opportunities in East Europe. We believe that significant growth opportunities exist in East Europe as we expect growth rates for bathroom products in this region will be higher than in more mature European markets. We are well positioned to benefit from this growth as East Europe (primarily comprising Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan) represented 17.1% of our net sales in 2012. We believe that we have the potential to significantly increase our market share in East European countries, leveraging our leading position in the Ukrainian ceramics sanitaryware market, our growing market share in Russia, our local and European brands and our East Europe asset base.
Continue to capture benefits of scale, optimize operational efficiencies and reduce costs. We are implementing measures in the following key areas: > Optimizingplant network. In the past years, we have significantly improved our production and supply footprint. For
example, we have closed four ceramics plants (in Alsager (United Kingdom), Maastricht (the Netherlands), Bayonne and Selles-sur-Cher (France)) and divested five other plants (Leda (France), Domino (Italy), NSF (Russia), Minsk Mazowiecki (Poland) and Varde (Denmark)). We now have an integrated, flexible network that balances low cost facilities focusing on high volume products and other facilities focusing on high complexity products, enabling us to serve the varying demands of the different markets in which we compete. We will continue to improve the footprint, evaluating opportunities to better allocate production, increase flexibility and improve operational efficiency. > Consolidating Groupfunctions and activities. Although we have made advances since 2009, we are continuing to consolidate Group functions and activities in order to continue to reap the benefits of scale and to reduce costs in line with our "One Sanitec" strategy. We have identified numerous purchasing savings in a variety of areas, including production input materials, as well as indirect costs such as in marketing, business services, office supply, insurance services, human resources and information technology. > Optimizingproductportfolio. We continue to coordinate our product offering across the Group and work on simplifying our product portfolio by reducing the number of series, models and SKUs and thereby significantly reducing the complexity of our offerings while enhancing our ranges in each individual national market. We believe that these initiatives will support reduced production costs, lower inventory levels and enhance our supplier purchasing power.
THE 2009 RESTRUCTURING We were acquired by EQT in 2005. As part of this acquisition, the Group incurred significant additional debt financing. As a consequence of the overall macroeconomic downturn, our EBITDA declined significantly after the summer of 2008 and we failed to be in compliance with the financial covenants under certain of our debt facilities. Following discussions with our lenders in 2009, our group underwent a financial restructuring. As a result of the financial restructuring, approximately 22.5% of the equity interests in our parent holding company are now held by our existing or former lenders, 76.1% by EQT-related entities and 1.4% by management. See "Principal shareholders."
