example, we have closed four ceramics plants (in Alsager (United Kingdom), Maastricht (the Netherlands), Bayonne and Selles-sur-Cher (France)) and divested five other plants (Leda (France), Domino (Italy), NSF (Russia), Minsk Mazowiecki (Poland) and Varde (Denmark)). We now have an integrated, flexible network that balances low cost facilities focusing on high volume products and other facilities focusing on high complexity products, enabling us to serve the varying demands of the different markets in which we compete. We will continue to improve the footprint, evaluating opportunities to better allocate production, increase flexibility and improve operational efficiency. > Consolidating Groupfunctions and activities. Although we have made advances since 2009, we are continuing to consolidate Group functions and activities in order to continue to reap the benefits of scale and to reduce costs in line with our "One Sanitec" strategy. We have identified numerous purchasing savings in a variety of areas, including production input materials, as well as indirect costs such as in marketing, business services, office supply, insurance services, human resources and information technology. > Optimizingproductportfolio. We continue to coordinate our product offering across the Group and work on simplifying our product portfolio by reducing the number of series, models and SKUs and thereby significantly reducing the complexity of our offerings while enhancing our ranges in each individual national market. We believe that these initiatives will support reduced production costs, lower inventory levels and enhance our supplier purchasing power.
4
CURRENT TRADING Our first-quarter results will show declines in both net sales and Adjusted EBITDA as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2012. Net sales for the last twelve months ended March 31, 2013 were down circa 4% compared to the prior year, while net sales for the three months ended March 31, 2013 were circa 10% lower than the three months ended March 31, 2012. Management believes that approximately half of these declines were due to three principal factors, in addition to the seasonal slowdown we typically see during the first quarter: > flat or slightly decreasing economic conditions in our markets in East Europe and Central Europe (other than Germany), partly
affected by harsh weather conditions delaying the start of planned projects; > a change in the timing of promotions in the Nordic countries, which in 2012 occurred in the first quarter of the year, but will
occur in the second quarter of this year, which has resulted in lower volumes in the first quarter of 2013; and > the timing of the Easter period, which fell in March in 2013 as opposed to April in 2012. The balance primarily related to weaker economic conditions across the rest of our markets, other than the Nordic countries and Germany, which remained resilient. The reduction overall was also due to a strong comparative first quarter in 2012. Average sales prices have been stable. Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended March 31, 2013 was impacted more adversely compared to net sales, primarily due to the inherent operating leverage in the business. Cash flow generation has continued to be resilient. We have taken actions to address the declines, which are not fully reflected in our performance for the three months ended March 31, 2013, by, among other measures, managing excess production capacity through the use of targeted promotions in certain markets where we have seen opportunities to be price-sensitive in a market downturn, and continued investment in efficiency improvements in support functions. Theforegoing information is based solely on preliminary information at and as o f the end o fMarch 2013 used by management and management estimates and remains subject to our normal end-of-quarter review process. As a result, this information may change.
5
Summary corporate structure
The following diagram summarizes in simplified form our corporate and principal financing structure after giving effect to the Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom and the transactions related thereto described in this Offering Memorandum. This chart does not include all entities in the Group, nor all of the debt obligations thereof. For a summary of our material debt obligations identified in this diagram, refer to the sections entitled "Description o f the Notes" "Description o f other indebtedness" and "Capitalization."
(1) For a description of our equity holders, see "Principal shareholders." (2) The Notes will be the senior secured obligations of the Issuer. The Notes will be secured by first priority liens granted over the capital stock of the Issuer and certain of
