"Voting Stock" means any class or classes of Capital Stock pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the board of directors, managers or trustees (or Persons performing similar functions) of any Person (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).
Certain tax considerations
FINNISH TAXATION
The following is a general description of certain Finnish tax considerations relating to the Notes. You should note that the description below only discusses non-residents of Finland. Holders of the Notes that are residents of Finland for tax purposes should consult their own tax advisor. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all considerations relating to the Notes in Finland or elsewhere. Holders of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to participating in the offer, holding and disposing of the Note and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. In particular, holders of the Notes should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions even if they were exempt from all Finnish taxes. The summary below is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Offering Memorandum and is subject to any change in law or practice that may take effect after such date.
Under present Finnish law, payment of the principal of and interest (if any) on the Notes by the Company will be exempt from all taxes, duties, fees and imports of whatever natures, imposed or levied by or within Finland or by any province, municipality or other political sub-division or taxing authority thereof and therein, except when the holder of the Notes to which any such payment relates is subject to such taxation thereon by reason of such holder being connected with Finland otherwise than solely by his holding of such Notes or the receipt of income therefrom.
Non-residents of Finland who do not engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax in respect of payments made under the Notes that are not connected with a permanent or a fixed base in Finland.
Gift or inheritance taxes will arise in Finland with respect to a transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes, in case the donor/deceased person or the donee/beneficiary was a resident of Finland at the time of the gift/death. Limited foreign tax credit is available in case gift or inheritance tax has been paid for the same property outside Finland. For purposes of Finnish gift and inheritance taxes, a person who has his/her permanent home and dwelling in Finland, is deemed resident in Finland.
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION
The following is a description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, retirement or other disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) thereof. This description only applies to Notes held as capital assets and does not address, except as set forth below, aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be applicable to holders that are subject to special tax rules, such as:
