The following diagram summarizes in simplified form our corporate and principal financing structure after giving effect to the Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom and the transactions related thereto described in this Offering Memorandum. This chart does not include all entities in the Group, nor all of the debt obligations thereof. For a summary of our material debt obligations identified in this diagram, refer to the sections entitled "Description o f the Notes" "Description o f other indebtedness" and "Capitalization."
its subsidiaries and over certain other assets of the Issuer and its subsidiaries as described under "Description o fthe Notes--Security. "Certain of the Finnish and Ukrainian security interests will not be in place on the Issue Date and will be implemented post-closing. The proceeds from this Offering, together with surplus cash distributed by the Issuer, will be used to repay the Existing Senior Credit Facilities, to prepay bilateral loans in Ukraine (see note (4) below) and to make a distribution to our equity holders. See "Use ofproceeds." (3) In connection with the Offering, the Issuer will also enter into a new Revolving Credit Facility in the amount of 50.0 million, which we currently expect will be undrawn as at the Issue Date. The same assets that secure the Revolving Credit Facility (other than the assets of our French subsidiary Allia International S.A.) will secure the Notes, as well as certain priority hedging obligations. Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, however, in the event of enforcement of the security, the holders of the Notes will receive proceeds from the Collateral only after the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and counterparties to certain priority hedging obligations have been repaid in full. Issuer owns at least 95% of the share capital of each Guarantor. (4) External loans granted to Slavuta Plant Budfarfor, PJSC (see "Description o fother indebtedness-- Ukrainian loans"). Due to waiver requirements, extended notice periods and other regulatory requirements, the Ukrainian loans will be prepaid post-closing, following which we plan to enter into the Ukrainian Deeds of Surety and the other Ukrainian security arrangements with respect to these companies.
6
(5) On the Issue Date, the Notes will be guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the Guarantors. The Guarantees will be secured by certain first priority liens granted over the capital stock of the Issuer and certain of its subsidiaries and over certain other assets of the Issuer and its subsidiaries as described under "Description o fthe Notes-- Security. "The Notes will be guaranteed by the same guarantors that secure the Revolving Credit Facility (other than our French subsidiary Allia International S.A.). The Ukrainian Deeds of Surety will not be in place on the Issue Date and will be implemented post-closing. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Guarantors represented 84.2% of our consolidated EBITDA and 79.6% of our consolidated total assets. Subsequent to December 31, 2013, we will be required to maintain guarantor coverage of at least 80.0% of our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and 80.0% of our consolidated total assets. For comparison purposes, computations of consolidated EBITDA and consolidated total assets for the purposes of determining Guarantor coverage have been made using Finnish Accounting Standards and not IFRS. See "Use o f non-IFRSfinancial measures."
7
The offering
The summary below describes the principal terms o f the indenture governing the Notes (the "Indenture"). Certain terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. The "Description o f the Notes"section o f this Offering Memorandum contains a more detailed description o f the terms and conditions o f the Notes including the definitions o f certain terms used in this summary.
Issuer
Sanitec Oyj, a public limited liability company organized under the laws of Finland.
