> a corporation (or any other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia;
> a trust (1)(a) the administration over which a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision and (b) all of the substantial decisions of which one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control, or (2) that has a valid election in effect under applicable Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
If a partnership (or any other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Notes, the tax treatment of the partnership and a partner in such partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Such partner or partnership should consult its own tax advisor as to its consequences.
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE
Pursuant to Circular 230, we hereby inform you that the description set out herein with respect to U.S. federal tax issues was not intended or written to be used, and such description cannot be used, by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding any penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer under the Code. Such description was written in connection with the promotion or marketing of the Notes. Taxpayers should seek advice based on the taxpayer's particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor.
CHARACTERIZATION OF THE NOTES
A U.S. Holder may require the Issuer to repurchase such holder's Notes in the event of a Change of Control (see "Description o f the Notes--Repurchase o fNotes upon a Change o f Control"). Under the contingent payment debt instrument Regulations, or the "CPDI Regulations," the possibility of a contingent payment on a note may be disregarded if, as of the issue date, the likelihood of the contingent payment is remote. The Issuer believes that as of the expected issue date of the Notes, the likelihood of a Change of Control is for this purpose remote and, therefore, the Issuer does not intend to treat the Notes as CPDIs. The Issuer's determination, however, is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"), and if the IRS were to challenge this determination, U.S. Holder may be required to accrue income on their Notes in excess of stated interest, and to treat as ordinary income rather than capital gain any income realized on the taxable disposition of such Notes before the resolution of the contingency. In the event that such contingency were to occur, it would affect the amount and timing of the income that U.S. Holders recognize. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential application to the Notes of the CPDI Regulations and the consequences thereof. The remainder of this discussion assumes that the Notes will not be treated as CPDIs.
PAYMENTS OF STATED INTEREST
Payments of stated interest on the Notes, including any additional amounts with respect thereto as described under "Description o f the Notes--AdditionalAmounts" and any tax withheld from such payments, will generally be includible in a U.S. Holder's gross income as ordinary interest income at the time it is accrued or received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest generally will be income from sources outside the United States.
