PAYMENTS OF STATED INTEREST
Any interest paid in euros will be included in a U.S. Holder's gross income in an amount equal to the U.S. dollar value of the euro, including the amount of any withholding tax thereon, regardless of whether the euro are converted into U.S. dollars. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax accounting will determine such U.S. dollar value using the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt. A cash method U.S. Holder generally will not realize foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of the interest payment but may have foreign currency gain or loss attributable to the actual disposition of the euros received. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of tax accounting will determine the U.S. dollar value of accrued interest income using the average rate of exchange for the accrual period (or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial period within the U.S. Holder's taxable year). Alternatively, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may make an election (which must be applied consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS) to translate interest income at the spot rate of exchange on the last day of the accrual period (or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the last day of the taxable year) or the spot rate on the date of receipt, if that date is within five business days of the last day of the accrual period. A U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of accounting for tax purposes will recognize foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest payment if the exchange rate in effect on the date a payment is received differs from the rate applicable to an accrual of that interest. The amount of foreign currency gain or loss to be recognized by the holder will be an amount equal to the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the euro interest payment
126
(determined on the basis of the spot rate on the date the interest income is received) in respect of the accrual period and the U.S. dollar value of the interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above). This foreign currency gain or loss will generally be ordinary income or loss from sources within the United States.
FOREIGN TAX CREDIT
Stated interest income (including any additional amounts with respect thereto as described under "Description o f the Notes-- Additional Amounts") and OID, if any, on a Note generally will constitute foreign source income and generally will be considered "passive category income" or, in the case of certain U.S. Holders, "general category income," in computing the foreign tax credit allowable to U.S. Holders under U.S. federal income tax laws. There are significant complex limitations on a U.S. Holder's ability to claim foreign tax credits. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the creditability or deductibility of any withholding tax.
SALE, EXCHANGE, RETIREMENT OR OTHER DISPOSITION
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder will generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the amount realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition, other than accrued but unpaid interest which will be taxable as interest, and such holder's adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the price paid by such U.S. Holder for the Note in U.S. dollars, increased by an OID previously included in income, if any, and reduced by any payments other than payments of interest. If the Note was purchased in euros, a U.S. Holder's cost generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of such purchase. If the Note is sold, exchanged, retired or otherwise disposed of for an amount in euros, the amount realized generally will be the U.S. dollar value of such euro amount received on the date of sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition. If the Notes are treated as traded on an established securities market, however, a cash method U.S. Holder (or an electing accrual method U.S. Holder) will determine its adjusted tax basis or amount realized by using the spot rate in effect on the settlement date of the purchase or disposition, as the case may be.
Subject to foreign currency rules below, gain or loss recognized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the holding period for such Note is more than one year. Long-term capital gains recognized by individuals and certain other non-corporate U.S. Holders generally are eligible for reduced rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations
