Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder will generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the amount realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition, other than accrued but unpaid interest which will be taxable as interest, and such holder's adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the price paid by such U.S. Holder for the Note in U.S. dollars, increased by an OID previously included in income, if any, and reduced by any payments other than payments of interest. If the Note was purchased in euros, a U.S. Holder's cost generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of such purchase. If the Note is sold, exchanged, retired or otherwise disposed of for an amount in euros, the amount realized generally will be the U.S. dollar value of such euro amount received on the date of sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition. If the Notes are treated as traded on an established securities market, however, a cash method U.S. Holder (or an electing accrual method U.S. Holder) will determine its adjusted tax basis or amount realized by using the spot rate in effect on the settlement date of the purchase or disposition, as the case may be.
Any gain or loss realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note generally will be treated as U.S. source gain or loss, as the case may be, for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes.
Gain or loss realized upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note that is attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will constitute foreign currency gain or loss with respect to the principal amount to the extent provided under special rules. This foreign currency gain or loss will be taxable as U.S. source ordinary income or loss, but generally will not be treated as interest income or expense. The U.S. Holder will recognize foreign currency gain or loss with respect to the principal amount of the Note equal to the difference between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Note determined at the spot rate on the date of sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition (or, in the case of a cash basis or electing accrual basis taxpayer, the settlement date of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition, if the Note is treated as traded on an established securities market for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Note determined at the spot rate on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. (or, in the case of a cash basis or electing accrual basis taxpayer, the settlement date of the purchase, if the Note is treated as traded on an established securities market for U.S. federal income tax purposes). However, a U.S. Holder will recognize foreign currency gain or loss only to the extent of the total gain or loss realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition.
EXCHANGE OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any euros received as stated interest or upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note equal to the U.S. dollar value thereof at the spot rate of exchange in effect on the date of receipt of the euros. Any gain or loss realized by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition of euros, including their exchange for U.S. dollars, will be ordinary income or loss and generally will be income or loss from sources within the United States for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes.
TAX RETURN DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
A U.S. Holder may be required to report a sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note (or, in the case of an accrual basis U.S. Holder, a payment of accrued interest) on IRS Form 8886 (Reportable Transaction Disclosure Statement) if it recognizes foreign currency exchange loss that exceeds US$50,000 in a single taxable year from a single transaction if such U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other non-individual U.S. Holders. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors in this regard.
127
U.S. BACKUP WITHHOLDING TAX AND INFORMATION REPORTING Generally, information reporting and backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax may apply to payments of interest on and proceeds from the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of the Notes if the holder is not an "exempt recipient" and fails to provide certain identifying information (such as the owner's taxpayer identification number) in the required manner, or the IRS otherwise directs the paying agent to withhold. Generally individuals are not exempt recipients, but corporations and certain other entities generally are exempt recipients. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules from payments to a U.S. Holder would be allowed as a refund or a credit against such holder's U.S. federal income tax provided the required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely manner. Foreign asset reporting Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals are required to report information relating to an interest in the Notes, subject to certain exceptions (including an exception for Notes held in accounts maintained by certain financial institutions). U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding their information reporting obligations, if any, with respect to their ownership and disposition of the Notes. The above description is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the ownership of Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax consequences of their particular situations.
