Non-U.S. plans, governmental plans and certain church plans, while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to non-US, state, local or other federal laws or regulations that are substantially similar to the foregoing provisions of ERISA and the Code ("Similar Laws"). Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing the Notes to determine the need for, and the availability, if necessary, of any exemptive relief under any such law or regulations.
THE PRECEDING DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN ERISA IMPLICATIONS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE COMPLETE. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN LEGAL, TAX, FINANCIAL AND OTHER ADVISORS PRIOR TO INVESTING IN THE NOTES TO REVIEW THESE IMPLICATIONS IN LIGHT OF SUCH INVESTOR'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.
129
Book-entry, delivery and form
GENERAL Notes sold to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by a global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Rule 144A Global Note"). Notes sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by a global note in registered form without interest coupons attached (the "Regulation S Global Note" and, together with the Rule 144A Global Note, the "Global Notes"). The Global Notes will be deposited, on the closing date, with a common depositary and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the account of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Ownership of interests in the Rule 144A Global Note ("Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests") and ownership of interests in the Regulation S Global Note (the "Regulation S Book-Entry Interests" and, together with the Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests, the "Book-Entry Interests") will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream or persons that hold interests through such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream will hold interests in the Global Notes on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their respective depositories.
The Book-Entry Interests will not be held in definitive form. Instead, Euroclear and/or Clearstream will credit on their respective book-entry registration and transfer systems a participant's account with the interest beneficially owned by such participant. The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive form. The foregoing limitations may impair the ability to own, transfer or pledge Book-Entry Interests. In addition, while the Notes are in global form, owners of interests in the Global Notes will not have the Notes registered in their names, will not receive physical delivery of the Notes in certificated form and will not be considered the registered owners or "holders" of Notes under the Indenture for any purpose.
So long as the Notes are held in global form, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable (or their respective nominees) will be considered the holders of Global Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. As such, participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and indirect participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and the participants through which they own Book-Entry Interests in order to exercise any rights of holders under the Indenture.
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee under the Indenture nor any of the Issuer's respective agents will have any responsibility or be liable for any aspect of the records relating to the Book-Entry Interests.
