After the expiration of the 40-day Period, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note denominated in the same currency without compliance with these certification requirements.
Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Note may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note denominated in the same currency only upon receipt by the Trustee of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act (if available).
Subject to the foregoing, and as set forth in "Notice to investors'' Book-Entry Interests may be transferred and exchanged as described under "Description o f the Notes--Transfer and exchange." Any Book-Entry Interest in one of the Global Notes that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Book-Entry Interest in the other Global Note of the same denomination will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the first-mentioned Global Note and become a Book-Entry Interest in the other Global Note, and accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in such other Global Note for as long as it retains such a Book-Entry Interest.
Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred and exchanged for Book-Entry Interests in a Global Note only as described under "Description o f the Notes--Transfer and exchange" and, if required, only if the transferor first delivers to the Trustee a written certificate (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer will comply with the appropriate transfer restrictions applicable to such Notes. See "Notice to investors."
Any Book-Entry Interest in one of the Global Notes that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Book-Entry Interest in any other Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the first-mentioned Global Note and become a Book-Entry Interest in such other Global Note, and accordingly will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in such other Global Note for as long as it remains such a BookEntry Interest.
INFORMATION CONCERNING EUROCLEAR AND CLEARSTREAM
All Book-Entry Interests will be subject to the operations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. The Issuer provides the following summaries of those operations and procedures solely for the convenience of investors. The operations and procedures of each settlement system are controlled by that settlement system and may be changed at any time. Neither the Issuer nor the Initial Purchasers are responsible for those operations or procedures.
Euroclear and Clearstream hold securities for participating organizations. They also facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective participants through electronic book-entry changes in the accounts of such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services to their participants, including the safekeeping, administration, clearance, settlement, lending and borrowing of internationally traded securities. Euroclear and Clearstream interface with domestic securities markets. Euroclear and Clearstream participants are financial institutions such as underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream is also available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear and Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly.
Because Euroclear and Clearstream can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of an owner of a beneficial interest to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear or Clearstream systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of a definite certificate for that interest. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests to such person may be limited. In addition, owners of beneficial interests through the Euroclear or Clearstream systems will receive distributions attributable to the 144A Global Notes only through Euroclear or Clearstream participants.
