Euroclear and Clearstream hold securities for participating organizations. They also facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective participants through electronic book-entry changes in the accounts of such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services to their participants, including the safekeeping, administration, clearance, settlement, lending and borrowing of internationally traded securities. Euroclear and Clearstream interface with domestic securities markets. Euroclear and Clearstream participants are financial institutions such as underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream is also available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear and Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly.
GLOBAL CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT UNDER THE BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM
The Notes represented by the Global Notes are expected to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market. Transfers of interests in the Global Notes between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected in the ordinary way in accordance with their respective system's rules and operating procedures.
Although Euroclear and Clearstream currently follow the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Notes among participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or modified at any time. None of the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers, the Trustee, the transfer agent, the registrar or the principal paying agent will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear and/or Clearstream or their participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.
The information in this section concerning Euroclear and Clearstream and their respective book-entry systems has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we take no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.
132
INITIAL SETTLEMENT Initial settlement for the Notes will be made in euros. Book-Entry Interests owned through Euroclear or Clearstream accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional bonds in registered form. Book-Entry Interests will be credited to the securities custody accounts of Euroclear/ Clearstream Holders on the business day following the settlement date against payment for value on the settlement date. SECONDARY MARKET TRADING The Book-Entry Interests will trade through participants of Euroclear or Clearstream and will settle in same-day funds. Since the purchase determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any Book-Entry Interests where both the purchaser's and the seller's accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
133
Plan of distribution
