133
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the purchase agreement dated the date of this Offering Memorandum (the "Purchase Agreement"), the Issuer has agreed to sell to the Initial Purchasers and the Initial Purchasers have agreed to purchase from the Issuer, the entire principal amount of Notes.
The Purchase Agreement provides that the obligations of the Initial Purchasers to pay for and accept delivery of the Notes are subject to, among other conditions, the delivery of certain legal opinions by their counsel.
The Notes will initially be offered at the price indicated on the cover page of this Offering Memorandum. After the initial Offering, the offering price and other selling terms of the Notes may from time to time be varied by the Initial Purchasers without notice. Any sales of Notes may be made through affiliates of the Initial Purchasers or through their U.S.-registered broker-dealer affiliates.
The Purchase Agreement provides that the Issuer will indemnify the Initial Purchasers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the U.S. Securities Act, and will contribute to payments that the Initial Purchasers may be required to make in respect thereof.
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, or any of their subsidiaries will for a period of 90 days after the date of this Offering Memorandum, without the prior written consent of the Initial Purchasers (subject to certain exceptions), offer, sell or contract to sell, or otherwise dispose of (or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by the Issuer, the Guarantors, or any affiliate thereof or any person in privity with the Issuer, the Guarantors (or any affiliate thereof), directly or indirectly, including through an "orphan" special purpose vehicle structure, or announce the offering of, any debt securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than the Notes or any debt permitted under the Indenture that governs the Notes), the Guarantors, or any of their subsidiaries.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act. The Initial Purchasers have agreed that they will only offer or sell the Notes (A) in the United States to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act, and (B) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the U. S. Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Rule 144A and Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
In connection with sales outside the United States, the Initial Purchasers have agreed that they will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of the Initial Purchasers' distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise, until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the Offering or the date the Notes are originally issued. The Initial Purchasers will send to each distributor, dealer or person to whom they sell such Notes during such 40-day period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, with respect to Notes initially sold pursuant to Regulation S, until 40 days after the later of the commencement of this Offering or the date the Notes are originally issued, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by a dealer that is not participating in the Offering may violate the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.
