In connection with sales outside the United States, the Initial Purchasers have agreed that they will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of the Initial Purchasers' distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise, until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the Offering or the date the Notes are originally issued. The Initial Purchasers will send to each distributor, dealer or person to whom they sell such Notes during such 40-day period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
Each of Initial Purchasers have represented and warranted that they (i) have only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity, within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA, received by them in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer and (ii) have complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by them in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
The Notes will constitute a new class of securities with no established trading market. Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trade the Notes on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, there can be no assurance that the prices at which the Notes will sell in the market after this Offering will not be lower than the initial offering price or that an active trading market for the Notes will develop and continue after this Offering. The Initial Purchasers (or persons acting on their behalf) have advised the Issuer that they currently intends to make a market in the Notes. However, it is not obligated to do so, and may discontinue any market-making activities with respect to the Notes at any time without notice. In addition, market-making activity will be subject to the limits imposed by the U.S. Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and may be limited. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of or the trading market for the Notes. See "Riskfactors--Risks relating to the Notes and our capital structure--There is no established trading marketfor the Notes. I f a marketfor the Notes does not develop you may be unable to sell your Notes."
134
Buyers of the Notes sold by the Initial Purchasers may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in accordance with the laws and practice of the country of purchase in addition to the initial offering price set forth on the cover of this Offering Memorandum. The Issuer expects that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment on the Notes on or about the date specified on the cover page of this Offering Memorandum, which will be five business days (as such term is used for purposes of Rule 15c6-1 of the U.S. Exchange Act) following the date of pricing of the Notes (this settlement cycle is being referred to as "T+5"). Under Rule 15c6-1 of the U.S. Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in three business days unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes on the date of this Offering Memorandum or the next succeeding business day will be required to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the Notes who wish to make such trades should consult their own advisors. In connection with the issue of the Notes, UBS Limited and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (the "Stabilizing Managers") (or any person acting on behalf of the stabilizing managers) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilizing Managers or persons acting on their behalf will undertake stabilization action. Any stabilizations action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilizing Managers or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilizing Managers (or any person acting on behalf of the stabilizing managers) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. The Initial Purchasers or their respective affiliates has performed in the past and may perform in the future commercial and investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer, the Guarantors, and their subsidiaries and affiliates from time to time for which it has received or may receive customary fees and expenses. The Initial Purchasers and their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in transactions with, and perform services for, the Issuer, the Guarantors and their subsidiaries and affiliates in the ordinary course of their business. In connection with the Offering, the Initial Purchasers are not acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to clients nor for providing advice in relation to the Offering.
135
Notice to investors
You are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or other transfer o f any o f the Notes offered hereby.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, or any state securities laws, and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and state or other applicable securities laws. Accordingly, the Notes offered hereby are being offered and sold only to qualified institutional buyers ("QIBs") (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act) in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
