If you purchase Notes, you will also be deemed to acknowledge that the foregoing restrictions apply to holders of beneficial interests in these Notes as well as to holders of these Notes.
(7) You acknowledge that the registrar will not be required to accept for registration or transfer any Notes acquired by you except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the registrar that the restrictions set forth therein have been complied with.
(8) You acknowledge that the Issuer, the Initial Purchasers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of your acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements and agree that if any of the acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements deemed to have been made by your purchase of the Notes are no longer accurate, you shall promptly notify the Initial Purchasers. If you are acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, you represent that you have sole investment discretion with respect to each such investor account and that you have full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such investor account.
(9) You understand that no action has been taken in any jurisdiction (including the United States) by the Issuer or the Initial Purchasers that would result in a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of this Offering Memorandum or any other material relating to us or the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for such purpose is required. Consequently, any transfer of the Notes will be subject to the selling restrictions set forth under "Plan of Distribution," "Notice to Prospective Investors" and "Notice to Certain European Investors."
(10) Either (a) no portion of the assets used to acquire or hold the Notes constitutes assets of any Plan or non-U.S., governmental or church plan subject to any Similar Laws or entity whose underlying assets are considered to include "plan assets" of any such Plan, account or arrangement or (b) the purchase and holding of the Notes will not constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation under any applicable Similar Laws.
Persons into whose possession this Offering Memorandum comes are advised to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to the Offering, the distribution of this Offering Memorandum and resale of the Notes. See "Notice to prospective investors," "Notice to certain European investors" and "Plan o f distribution."
138
Legal matters
Certain legal matters in connection with this Offering will be passed upon for the Issuer and the Guarantors by White & Case LLP, as to matters of U.S. Federal and New York State law, Italian law, Finnish law, German law, Polish law and Swedish law, NautaDutilh N.V. as to matters of Dutch law, and Okhrimchuk Grushyn Khandurin Law Firm as to matters of Ukrainian law. Certain legal matters in connection with this Offering will be passed upon for the Initial Purchasers by Shearman & Sterling (London) LLP, as to matters of U.S. Federal and New York State law, Italian law, and German law, Castren & Snellman Attorneys Ltd as to matters of Finnish law, Van Doome N.V. as to matters of Dutch law, WKB Wiercinski, Kwiecinski, Baehr Sp. k. as to matters of Polish law, Advokatfirman Vinge K.B. as to matters of Swedish law, and CMS Cameron McKenna LLC as to matters of Ukrainian law.
