(1) such person has been afforded an opportunity to request from us, and to review and has received, all additional information considered by it to be necessary to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information herein;
(3) except as provided pursuant to (1) above, no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation concerning the Notes offered hereby other than those contained herein, and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer or the Initial Purchasers.
So long as the Notes are outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144, the Issuer and the Guarantors have agreed in the Indenture governing the Notes that, if at any times the Issuer and the Guarantors are neither subject to Section 13 of 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g32(b) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer and the Guarantors will, upon request, furnish to any holder or beneficial owner of the Notes the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the U.S. Securities Act to permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with resales of the Notes. Any such request should be directed to the Issuer and the Guarantors care of Sanitec Oyj, Kaupintie 2, FI-00440 Helsinki, Finland.
141
Service of process and enforcement of civil liabilities
The Issuer of the Notes is incorporated under the laws of Finland and the Guarantors are incorporated under the laws of several jurisdictions. In general, each of the security documents relating to the Collateral will be governed by the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. The Indenture (including the Guarantees) and the Notes will be governed by New York law. The Intercreditor Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and Wales. All of the directors and executive officers of the Issuer and each of the Guarantors are non-residents of the United States. Since substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and each of the Guarantors, and its and their directors and executive officers, are located outside the United States, any judgment obtained in the United States against the Issuer or a Guarantor or any such other person, including judgments with respect to the payment of principal, premium (if any) and interest on the Notes or any judgment of a U.S. court predicated upon civil liabilities under U.S. federal or state securities laws, may not be collectible in the United States. Furthermore, although the Issuer and each of the Guarantors will appoint an agent for service of process in the United States and will submit to the jurisdiction of New York courts, in each case, in connection with any action in relation to the Notes and the Indenture or under U.S. securities laws, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process on us or on such other persons as mentioned above within the United States in any action, including actions predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws.
If a judgment is obtained in a U.S. court against the Issuer or a Guarantor or a security provider, investors will need to enforce suchjudgment in jurisdictions where the relevant company has assets. Even though the enforceability of U.S. court judgments outside the United States is described below for the countries in which each of the Issuer, the Guarantors is located, you should consult with your own advisors in any pertinent jurisdictions as needed to enforce a judgment in those countries or elsewhere outside the United States.
Similar limitations on the enforcement of civil liabilities exist in many of the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries or the Guarantors are located.
FINLAND The Company is organized under the laws of Finland. All of the directors and members of the Executive Committee of the Company are non-residents of the United States. All or a substantial portion of the assets of such non-resident persons and of the Company are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon such persons or the Company or to enforce against them in U.S. courts judgments obtained in such courts.
