Similar limitations on the enforcement of civil liabilities exist in many of the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries or the Guarantors are located.
We have been advised by our Finnish counsel that there is no treaty on the reciprocal recognition and enforcement ofjudgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters between the United States and Finland. Courts in Finland will not automatically recognize and enforce a final judgment rendered by a U.S. court.
Under Finnish law, a Finnish title for execution (i.e., a Finnish court judgment) is required for such recognition and enforcement; in seeking a Finnish court judgment or order to such effect, a judgment of a U.S. court will constitute circumstantial evidence of the questions of fact in the case concerned and evidence of the governing law as applied to the matter in dispute. The application by a Finnish court of foreign law in a matter brought before it is subject to (a) the foreign law not being contrary to such mandatory rules of Finnish law that due to their public nature or general interest would be considered applicable irrespective of the agreed choice of law; and (b) the application of the foreign law not resulting in an outcome contrary to the public policy of the Finnish legal system.
As to types of damages awarded, punitive or exemplary damages are unenforceable under Finnish law and a Finnish court may only award damages to the extent that they form compensation of actual losses and damages as proven by the claimant. A feature of the Finnish civil procedure is that the burden of proof with respect to any claims presented lies with the claimant. A party to legal proceedings in Finland is also ordinarily expected to plead its case primarily on the basis of the evidence in its own possession. U.S. notions of discovery, including the expectation that broadly defined categories of documents and information in the possession of third parties will be readily accessible for use as evidence, are not recognized under Finnish law. The availability of documentation in the possession of counterparties or third parties is very limited. Depositions are also a form of taking evidence unknown to Finnish law. In Finland, witness testimony is usually only taken at a separate oral main hearing (comparable to a U.S. trial) after the preparatory phase of the proceedings.
142
Certain insolvency considerations and limitations on the validity and enforceability of the Guarantees and the Deeds of Surety
The following is a summary description of certain limitations on the validity and enforceability of the guarantees and the security interests for the Notes, and a summary of certain insolvency law considerations in some of the jurisdictions in which the Issuer, the Guarantors, and other relevant subsidiaries are organized. The description is only a summary and does not purport to be complete or to discuss all of the limitations or considerations that may affect the validity and enforceability of the notes, the guarantees and the security interests. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own legal advisors with respect to such limitations and considerations.
EUROPEAN UNION
Several of the Guarantors are organized under the laws of Member States of the European Union. Pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (the "EU Insolvency Regulation"), the court which shall have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings in relation to a company is the court of the Member State (other than Denmark) where the company concerned has its "center of main interests" (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation). The determination of where any such company has its "center of main interests" is a question of fact on which the courts of the different Member States may have differing views.
