EUROPEAN UNION
The term "center of main interests" is not a static concept and may change from time to time. Although there is a rebuttable presumption under Article 3(1) of the E.U. Insolvency Regulation that any such company has its "center of main interests" in the Member State in which it has its registered office, Preamble 13 of the E.U. Insolvency Regulation states that the "center of main interests" of a debtor should correspond to the place where the debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and "is therefore ascertainable by third parties." In that respect, factors such as where board meetings are held, the location where the company conducts the majority of its business and the location where the large majority of the company's creditors are established may all be relevant in the determination of the place where the company has its "center of main interests."
If the center of main interests of a company is and will remain located in the state in which it has its registered office, the main insolvency proceedings in respect of the company under the EU Insolvency Regulation would be commenced in suchjurisdiction and accordingly a court in such jurisdiction would be entitled to commence the types of insolvency proceedings referred to in Annex A to the EU Insolvency Regulation. Insolvency proceedings opened in one Member State under the EU Insolvency Regulation are to be recognized in the other Member States (other than Denmark), although secondary proceedings may be opened in another Member State. If the "center of main interests" of a debtor is in one Member State (other than Denmark) under Article 3(2) of the EU Insolvency Regulation, the courts of another Member State (other than Denmark) have jurisdiction to open "territorial proceedings" only in the event that such debtor has an "establishment" in the territory of such other Member State. The effects of those territorial proceedings are restricted to the assets of the debtor situated in the territory of such other Member State. If the company does not have an establishment in any other Member State, no court of any other Member State has jurisdiction to open territorial proceedings in respect of such company under the EU Insolvency Regulation.
THE NETHERLANDS
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of the insolvency laws of the Netherlands.
There are two primary insolvency regimes under Dutch law: the first, moratorium of payments (surseance van betaling), is intended to facilitate the reorganization of a debtor's indebtedness and enable the debtor to continue as a going concern. The second, bankruptcy (faillissement), is primarily designed to liquidate and distribute the proceeds of the assets of a debtor to its creditors. Such liquidation, however, may take place by way of a going concern sale. Both insolvency regimes are set forth in the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet).
Moratorium of Payments
An application for a moratorium of payments can only be made by the debtor itself. Once the request for a moratorium of payments is filed, the Dutch court will immediately (dadelijk) grant a provisional moratorium and appoint an administrator (bewindvoerder). The debtor is only entitled to administer and dispose of its assets with the consent of the administrator. A meeting of creditors is required to decide on the definitive moratorium. If a draft composition (ontwerp akkoord) is filed simultaneously with the application for moratorium of payments, the Dutch court can order that the composition will be processed before a decision about a definitive moratorium. If the composition is accepted and subsequently ratified (gehomologeerd) by the Dutch court, the provisional moratorium ends. The definitive moratorium will generally be granted unless a qualified minority (more than one-quarter in amount of claims held by creditors represented at the creditors' meeting or more than one-third in number of creditors represented at such creditors' meeting) of the unsecured non-preferential creditors withholds its consent or if there is no prospect that the debtor will in the future be able to pay its debts as they fall due (in which case the debtor will generally be declared bankrupt). The moratorium of payments is only effective with regard to unsecured non-preferential creditors.
143
