An application for a moratorium of payments can only be made by the debtor itself. Once the request for a moratorium of payments is filed, the Dutch court will immediately (dadelijk) grant a provisional moratorium and appoint an administrator (bewindvoerder). The debtor is only entitled to administer and dispose of its assets with the consent of the administrator. A meeting of creditors is required to decide on the definitive moratorium. If a draft composition (ontwerp akkoord) is filed simultaneously with the application for moratorium of payments, the Dutch court can order that the composition will be processed before a decision about a definitive moratorium. If the composition is accepted and subsequently ratified (gehomologeerd) by the Dutch court, the provisional moratorium ends. The definitive moratorium will generally be granted unless a qualified minority (more than one-quarter in amount of claims held by creditors represented at the creditors' meeting or more than one-third in number of creditors represented at such creditors' meeting) of the unsecured non-preferential creditors withholds its consent or if there is no prospect that the debtor will in the future be able to pay its debts as they fall due (in which case the debtor will generally be declared bankrupt). The moratorium of payments is only effective with regard to unsecured non-preferential creditors.
Unlike Chapter 11 proceedings under U.S. bankruptcy law, during which both secured and unsecured creditors are generally barred from seeking to recover on their claims during a moratorium of payments, under Dutch law, secured and preferential creditors (including tax and social security authorities) may enforce their rights against assets of the company in moratorium of payments to satisfy their claims as if there were no moratorium of payments. A recovery under Dutch law could, therefore, involve a sale of assets that does not reflect the going concern value of the debtor. However, the Dutch court may order a "cooling off period" (afkoelingsperiode) for a maximum period of four months during which, inter alia, enforcement actions by secured or preferential creditors are barred. Also in a definitive moratorium of payments, a composition (akkoord) may be offered to creditors. A composition will be binding on all unsecured and non-preferential creditors if it is (i) approved by a simple majority of the meeting of the recognized and of the admitted creditors representing at least 50% of the amount of the recognized and of the admitted claims, and (ii) subsequently ratified (gehomologeerd) by the Court. Upon request by the debtor or the administrator, the court or supervisory judge (rechter commissaris) if appointed, can decide to adopt the proposed but rejected composition as if it were approved if (i) three-fourths the number of the creditors represented at the creditors' meeting approved the composition and (ii) the rejection of the composition is caused by one or more creditors such that, taking all circumstances into consideration, especially the percentage of the claim that such creditor(s) would receive in case the estate is liquidated and distributed, such creditor(s) reasonably could not have voted against the composition. Secured or preferential claims are not affected by a composition, unless such claims are submitted for verification (see definition below) to the administrator and not withdrawn prior to the vote on the composition plan, in which case security or preferential rights in respect of those claims will be lost. Consequently, Dutch insolvency laws could preclude or inhibit the ability of the holders of the Notes to effect a restructuring and could reduce the recovery of a holder of Notes in Dutch moratorium of payments proceedings. Interest payments that fall due after the date on which a moratorium of payments is granted cannot be claimed in a composition.
Bankruptcy
At the request of the debtor itself or one or more of its creditors, the court may open bankruptcy proceedings in respect of a debtor that has ceased to pay its debts. If bankruptcy is declared by the court, the court will appoint a receiver (curator) who is entrusted with the administration of the bankruptcy. The bankrupt debtor loses the right to administer and dispose of its assets. Under Dutch bankruptcy proceedings, the assets of a debtor are generally liquidated and the proceeds distributed to the debtor's creditors in accordance with the respective rank and priority of their claims. The general principle of Dutch bankruptcy law is the so-called paritas creditorum (principle of equal treatment) which means that all creditors have an equal right to payment and that the proceeds of bankruptcy proceedings shall be distributed in proportion to the size of their claims. However, certain creditors (such as secured creditors and tax and social security authorities) will have special rights that take priority over the rights of other creditors, which may adversely affect the interests of (non-preferential) holders of Notes. For example, in a Dutch bankruptcy secured creditors may take recourse against the encumbered assets of a debtor to satisfy their claims as if there is no bankruptcy. Consequently, Dutch insolvency laws could reduce the potential recovery of a holder of Notes in Dutch bankruptcy proceedings.
As in suspension of payments proceedings, the court may order a "cooling off period" (afkoelingsperiode) for a maximum of four months during which enforcement actions by secured creditors are barred. Further, a receiver in bankruptcy can force a secured creditor to enforce its security interest within a reasonable period of time, failing which, the receiver will be entitled to sell the secured assets, if any, and the secured creditor will have to share in the bankruptcy costs. Excess proceeds of enforcement must be returned to the bankrupt estate; they may not be set-off against an unsecured claim of the secured creditor in the bankruptcy. Such set-off is allowed prior to the bankruptcy although a set-off prior to bankruptcy may be subject to clawback in the case of fraudulent conveyance or bad faith in obtaining the claim used for set-off. The claim of a creditor may be limited depending on the date the claim becomes due and payable in accordance with its terms. Generally, claims of the holders of Notes that are not due and payable by their terms on the date of a bankruptcy of the relevant Guarantor will be accelerated and become due and payable as of that date. Each of these claims will have to be submitted to the receiver to be verified. "Verification" under Dutch law means that the receiver determines the value of the claim and whether and to what extent it will be admitted in the bankruptcy proceedings. The valuation of claims that are not due and payable at the time of the opening of the bankruptcy proceedings or within one year thereafter, is based on a net present value analysis. Interest payments that fall due after the date of the bankruptcy cannot be verified. The existence, value and ranking of any claims submitted by the holders of the Notes may be challenged in the Dutch bankruptcy proceedings.
Generally, in a creditors' meeting (verificatie vergadering), the receiver, the insolvent debtor and all verified creditors may dispute the verification of claims of other creditors. Creditors whose claims or value thereof are disputed in the creditors, meeting may be referred to separate court proceedings (renvooi). These renvooi procedures could cause holders of notes to recover less than the principal amount of their notes or less than they could recover in a U.S. liquidation. Such renvooi procedures could also cause payments to the holders of notes to be delayed compared with holders of undisputed claims.
As in moratorium of payments proceedings, in a bankruptcy a composition may be offered to creditors, which shall be binding on unsecured non-preferential creditors if (i) it is approved by a simple majority of the meeting of unsecured non-preferential creditors, with admitted and provisionally admitted claims representing at least 50% of the total amount of the admitted and provisionally admitted unsecured non preferential claims, and (ii) subsequently ratified by the court. Upon request by the debtor or the receiver, the supervisory judge can decide to adopt the proposed but rejected composition as if it were approved if (i) threefourths the number of the creditors represented at the creditors' meeting approved the composition and (ii) the rejection of the composition is caused by one or more creditors such that, taking all circumstances into consideration, especially the percentage of the claim that such creditor(s) would receive in case the estate is liquidated and distributed, such creditor(s) reasonably could not
144
have voted against the composition. The Dutch Bankruptcy Act does not in itself recognize the concept of classes of creditors. Remaining amounts, if any, after satisfaction of the secured and the preferential creditors are distributed among the unsecured non-preferential creditors, who will be satisfied on a pro rata basis. Contractual subordination may to a certain extent be given effect in Dutch insolvency proceedings. The actual effect depends largely on the way such subordination is construed.
