144
Ranking of Security Rights
In general, mortgages and pledges rank above other rights of priority, including the general priority right of the Dutch tax authorities on the tax debtor's assets. However, Dutch law provides for exceptions. For example, under certain circumstances, the Dutch tax authorities' priority right ranks above a non-possessory pledge on inventory (not including stock) found on the premises of the tax debtor (bodemzaken). No conclusive case law in The Netherlands is available on the enforcement by the Dutch courts of security rights established under and governed by laws other than the laws of The Netherlands. The enforcement and ranking of such security rights and preferred rights in The Netherlands may be subject to restrictions and requirements applicable under Dutch law, which provides for a closed system and a mandatory ranking of security rights and preferred rights. Any security rights established under and governed by laws other than the laws of The Netherlands may only be given effect to by the Dutch courts, if they fit within the closed system of security rights existing under the laws of The Netherlands. A security right will for this purpose be compared with the security right under Dutch law which most closely resembles such security right and, if regarded as an equivalent security right, be treated as such and be given the same ranking as the comparable security right under Dutch law. This means that the Security Agent will not have more rights than available to secured parties of the comparable security right under Dutch law. It is uncertain how a Dutch court would treat a security right that differs materially from security rights available under the laws of The Netherlands.
Actio Pauliana
To the extent that Dutch law applies, a legal act performed by a debtor (including, without limitation, an agreement pursuant to which it guarantees the performance of the obligations of a third party or agrees to provide or provides security for any of its or a third party's obligations, enters into additional agreements benefiting from existing security and any other legal act having a similar effect) can be challenged in an insolvency proceeding or otherwise and may be nullified by any of its creditors or its trustee in bankruptcy, if (i) it performed such acts without an obligation to do so (onverplicht), (ii) generally the creditor concerned or, in the case of its bankruptcy, any creditor was prejudiced as a consequence of the act, and (iii) at the time the act was performed both it and (unless the act was for no consideration (om niet)) the party with or towards which it acted, knew or should have known that one or more of its creditors (existing or future) would be prejudiced. In addition, in the case of such a bankruptcy, their trustee may nullify its performance of any due and payable obligation (including (without limitation) an obligation to provide security for any of its or a third party's obligations) if (i) the payee (hij die betaling ontving) knew that a request for bankruptcy had been filed at the moment of payment, or (ii) the performance of the obligation was the result of a consultation between the debtor and the payee with a view to give preference to the latter over the debtor's other creditors.
Under Dutch law, as soon as a debtor is declared bankrupt, all pending executions ofjudgments against such debtor, as well as all attachments on the debtor's assets (other than with respect to secured creditors and certain other creditors, as described above), will be terminated by operation of law. Simultaneously with the opening of the bankruptcy, a Dutch receiver will be appointed. The proceeds resulting from the liquidation of the bankrupt estate may not be sufficient to satisfy unsecured creditors under the guarantees granted by a bankrupt Guarantor after the secured and the preferential creditors have been satisfied. Litigation pending on the date of the bankruptcy order is automatically stayed.
Limitations
If a Dutch company grants a guarantee and that guarantee is not in the company's corporate interest, the guarantee may be nullified by the Dutch company, its receiver in bankruptcy and its administrator (bewindvoerder) and, as a consequence, not be valid, binding and enforceable against it. In determining whether the granting of such guarantee is in the interest of the relevant company, the Dutch courts would not only consider the text of the objects clause in the articles of association of the company but all relevant circumstances including whether the company derives certain commercial benefits from the transaction in respect of which the guarantee was granted.
In addition, if it is determined that there are no, or insufficient, commercial benefits from the transactions for the company that grants the guarantee, then such company (and any bankruptcy receiver) may contest the enforcement of the guarantee, and it is possible that such challenge would be successful. Such benefit may, according to Dutch case law, consist of an indirect benefit derived by the company as a consequence of the interdependence of such company with the group of companies to which it belongs. In addition, it is relevant whether, as a consequence of the granting of the guarantee, the continuity of such company would foreseeably be endangered by the granting of such guarantee. It remains possible that even if such strong financial and commercial interdependence exists, the transaction may be declared void if it appears that the granting of the guarantee cannot serve the realization of the relevant company's objects.
