If a Dutch company grants a guarantee and that guarantee is not in the company's corporate interest, the guarantee may be nullified by the Dutch company, its receiver in bankruptcy and its administrator (bewindvoerder) and, as a consequence, not be valid, binding and enforceable against it. In determining whether the granting of such guarantee is in the interest of the relevant company, the Dutch courts would not only consider the text of the objects clause in the articles of association of the company but all relevant circumstances including whether the company derives certain commercial benefits from the transaction in respect of which the guarantee was granted.
Whether or not a Guarantor is insolvent in The Netherlands, payment under a guarantee or a security document governed by Dutch law may be withheld under the doctrines of reasonableness and fairness (redelijkheid en billijkheid), force majeure and unforeseen circumstances (onvoorziene omstandigheden).
145
A guarantee or security governed by Dutch law may be voided by a Dutch court, if the document was executed through undue influence (misbruik van omstandigheden), fraud (bedrog), duress (bedreiging) or mistake (dwaling) of a party to the agreement contained in that document.
In addition, a guarantee issued by a Dutch company and a security provided by a Dutch company may be suspended or avoided by the Enterprise Chamber of the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam (Ondernemingskamer van het Gerechtshofte Amsterdam) on the motion of the holder or holders of 10% or more of the shares in such company, as well as on the motion of a trade union and of other entities entitled thereto in the articles of association (statuten) of the relevant Dutch company, if the Enterprise Chamber finds there is a matter of mismanagement (wanbleid). Likewise, the guarantee or security itself may be upheld by the Enterprise Chamber, yet actual payment under it may be suspended or avoided.
Parallel Debt
Under Dutch law, certain "accessory" security interests such as pledges require that the pledgee and the creditor be the same person. Such security interests cannot be held on behalf of third parties who do not hold the secured claim. The beneficial holders of the Notes from time to time will not be party to the security documents. In order to permit the holders of the Notes from time to time to have a secured claim, the security documents will provide for the creation of a "parallel debt." Pursuant to the parallel debt, the security agent becomes the holder of a claim equal to each amount payable by an obligor under the Notes. The pledges governed by Dutch law will directly secure the parallel debt. The parallel debt procedure has not been tested under Dutch law, and there is no certainty that it will eliminate or mitigate the risk of unenforceability posed by Dutch law.
GERMANY
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of the insolvency laws of Germany.
