GERMANY
Under German insolvency law, insolvency proceedings are not initiated by the competent insolvency court ex officio, but require that the debtor and/or a creditor files a petition for the opening of insolvency proceedings. Insolvency proceedings can be initiated either by the debtor or by a creditor in the event of over-indebtedness (Uberschuldung) of the debtor or in the event that the debtor is unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due (Zahlungsunfahigkeit). The debtor is over-indebted if its liabilities exceed the value of its assets (which must be assessed on the basis of an over-indebtedness balance sheet), unless its continuation as a going concern is predominantly likely (positive going-concern-prognosis). In addition, the debtor can file for insolvency proceedings if it is imminently at risk to be unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due (drohende Zahlungsunfahigkeit). If a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrankter Haftung) or any other limited liability company or any company not having an individual as a personally liable shareholder gets into a situation of illiquidity and/or over-indebtedness, the management of such company is obliged to file for insolvency without undue delay, but not later than three weeks after becoming illiquid and/or over-indebted. The insolvency proceedings are court controlled, and the court opens the insolvency proceedings if certain formal requirements are met and if there are sufficient assets to cover at least the costs of the proceedings. Upon opening of the insolvency proceedings, the court either appoints an insolvency administrator (Insolvenzverwalter) that has full administrative and disposal authority over the debtor's assets or orders the debtor-in-possession proceedings (Eigenverwaltung) under the supervision of a court appointed trustee (Sachwalter). The insolvency administrator (or in case of debtor-in-possession-status the debtor) may raise new financial indebtedness and incur other liabilities to continue the debtor's operations, and satisfaction of these liabilities as preferential debts of the estate (Masseverbindlichkeiten) will be preferred to any insolvency liabilities created by the debtor prior to the opening of insolvency proceedings (including secured debt as far as they are not satisfied by realization of collateral).
For the holders of the Notes, additional consequences of the opening of German insolvency proceedings against any entity subject to the German insolvency regime would include the following:
> if the court does not order debtor-in-possession proceedings (Eigenverwaltung), disposals effected by the Guarantor's or such subsidiary's management after the opening of insolvency proceedings are null and void by operation of law;
> if, during the final month preceding the date of filing for insolvency proceedings, a creditor in the insolvency proceedings acquires through enforcement (e.g., attachment) a security interest in part of the debtor's property that would normally form part of the insolvency estate, such security becomes null and void by operation of law upon the opening of the insolvency proceedings; and
> claims against any Guarantor or its subsidiaries may generally only be pursued in accordance with the rules set forth in the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung).
All creditors, whether secured or unsecured (unless they have a right to segregate an asset from the insolvency estate (Aussonderungsrecht)), who wish to assert claims against the debtor need to participate in the insolvency proceedings. Any individual enforcement action brought against the debtor by any of its creditors is subject to an automatic stay once insolvency proceedings have been opened. Secured creditors are generally not entitled to enforce their security interests outside the insolvency proceedings and in many cases the insolvency administrator will have the sole right to enforce the security. Whether or not a secured creditor remains entitled, after the initiation of insolvency proceedings, to enforce security granted to it by the relevant debtor depends on the type of security. Even if the law vests the right of disposal regarding the relevant collateral in the insolvency administrator, the secured creditor retains the right of preferred satisfaction with regard to the disposal proceeds
146
(Absonderungsrecht). Consequently, the enforcement proceeds are paid to creditors holding a security interest in the relevant Collateral up to an amount equal to its secured claims minus certain contributory charges for (i) assessing the value of the secured assets and (ii) realizing the secured assets. Remaining amounts are allocated to the insolvency estate and would, after deduction of the costs of the insolvency proceedings (e.g., fees for and expenses of the insolvency administrator and the insolvency court as well as the members of the creditors' committee), and satisfaction of certain preferential liabilities, be distributed among the non preferential unsecured creditors, including, to the extent their claims exceed the enforcement proceeds of the security interests, the holders of the Notes. If a Guarantor or a subsidiary subject to German insolvency proceedings grants security over its assets to creditors other than the holders of the Notes, such security may result in a preferred treatment of creditors secured by such security. The proceeds resulting from such collateral and after satisfaction of the secured creditors may not be sufficient to satisfy the holders of the Notes. In addition, it may take several years before an insolvency dividend, if any, is distributed to unsecured creditors. A different distribution of enforcement proceeds can be proposed in an insolvency plan (Insolvenzplan) that can be submitted by the debtor or the insolvency administrator and requires the consent of each class of creditors in accordance with specific majority rules.
