Furthermore, even in the absence of an insolvency proceeding, a third party creditor who has obtained an enforcement order but has failed to obtain satisfaction of its enforceable claims by a levy of execution, under certain circumstances, has the right to void certain transactions, such as the payment of debt and the granting of security (including a guarantee) pursuant to the German Code on Avoidance (Anfechtungsgesetz). The conditions for avoidance under the German Code on Avoidance differ to a certain extent from the above described rules under the German Insolvency Code and the avoidance periods are calculated from the date when a creditor exercises its rights of avoidance in the courts.
The enforcement of guarantees and security granted by German companies is limited under German corporate law.
Depending on the security structure, a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) may not grant any cross stream or upstream security or guarantee in order to secure obligations of its direct or indirect shareholders (or their subsidiaries) in excess of dividends or other distributions permitted by law according to section 57 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz/AktG)) with the following exceptions: (i) If it has entered into a domination or profit and loss pooling agreement (Beherrschungs- oder Gewinnabfuhrungsvertrag) it can grant security/ guarantees but only to the extent the dominating party (here: Allia Holding GmbH) is able to compensate the stock corporation for any loss suffered (such claim has to be fully recoverable); (ii) If the stock corporation has a fully recoverable indemnity or claim for refund (vollwertiger Gegenleistungs- oder Ruckgewahranspruch) following payment under the guarantee or enforcement of the security. Furthermore, enforcement of guarantees and security granted should not lead to illiquidity of the German stock corporation according to section 92 paragraph sentence 3 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). The security agreements contain a respective limitation.
A German limited liability company and a German limited partnership with a limited liability company as its general partner (GmbH & Co. KG) can generally grant cross stream and upstream security and guarantees but in order to prevent any infringement of section 30 paragraph 1 or section 64 sentence 3 of the German Limited Liability Companies Act (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaften mit beschrankter Haftung) the parties typically agree on a limitation of the demand under the guarantees or enforcement of the security if and up to the extent payments under any such guarantee or enforcement of security would cause (i) the amount of the relevant German Guarantor's net assets to fall below the amount of its registered share capital (Stammkapital) or to increase an existing shortfall of its net assets in relation to its registered share capital or (ii) the limited liability company to become illiquid. The security agreements contain a respective limitation.
German capital maintenance rules are subject to evolving case law. Future court rulings may further limit the access of a shareholder to assets of its subsidiaries or an affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) with the meaning of section 15 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) which can negatively affect the ability of a German (direct or indirect) subsidiary of the Issuer or an entity affiliated with the Issuer to make payments under a guarantee.
Furthermore it cannot be ruled out that the case law of the German Federal Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof) regarding socalled destructive interference (existenzvernichtender Eingriff) (i. e. a situation where a shareholder deprives a German limited liability company of the liquidity necessary for it to meet its own payment obligations) may be applied by courts with respect to the enforcement of a guarantee or security interest granted by a German (direct or indirect) subsidiary of the Issuer or an entity affiliated (verbundenes Unternehmen) with the Issuer within the meaning of section 15 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz)- In such case, the amount of proceeds to be realized in an enforcement process may be reduced, even to zero.
According to a decision of the German Federal Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof), a security agreement may be void due to tortious inducement of breach of contract if a creditor knows about the distressed financial situation of the debtor and anticipates that the debtor will only be able to grant collateral by disregarding the vital interests of its other business partners. It cannot be ruled out that German courts may apply this case law with respect to the granting of guarantees or security interest by (direct or indirect) subsidiaries or an affiliated entity (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the meaning of section 15 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) in the legal form of a GmbH or a GmbH & Co. KG incorporated or stablished in Germany.
148
Creditor's liability
