148
Furthermore, the beneficiary of a transaction effecting a repayment in violation of section 57 German Stock Corporation Act or section 20 German Limited Liability Companies Act (as described above) could moreover become personally liable under exceptional circumstances. The German Federal Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof) ruled that this could be the case if for example the creditor were to act with the intention of detrimentally influencing the position of the other creditors of the debtor in violation of the legal principle of bonos mores (Sittenwidrigkeit). Such intention could be present if the beneficiary of the transaction was aware of any circumstances indicating that the grantor of the guarantee or security is close to collapse (Zusammenbruch), or had reason to enquire further with respect thereto.
Parallel Debt
Under German law, certain "accessory" security interests such as pledges (Pfandrechte) require that the pledgee and the creditor be the same person. Such security interests cannot be held on behalf of third parties who do not hold the secured claim. The holders of interests in the Notes from time to time will not be party to the security documents. In order to permit the holders of the Notes from time to time to have a secured claim, the transaction documents will provide for the creation of a "parallel debt." Pursuant to the creation of the parallel debt, the Security Agent will become the holder of a claim equal to each amount payable by an obligor under the Notes. The pledges governed by German law will directly secure the parallel debt. The parallel debt concept has not been tested under German law, and there is no certainty that it will eliminate or mitigate the risk of unenforceability posed by German law.
FINLAND
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of the insolvency law of Finland.
There are two primary insolvency regimes under Finnish law. The first, company reorganization (yrityssaneeraus), is intended to investigate whether the business has a reasonable chance to continue and, if so, to rehabilitate the company's viable business, ensure its continued viability and make arrangements with creditors. The second, bankruptcy (konkurssi), is primarily designed to liquidate and distribute the assets of a debtor to its creditors.
Company Reorganization
If a company is insolvent or is at risk of becoming insolvent, and it is probable that a company reorganization will remedy the insolvency or prevent its recurrence otherwise than for a short period, an application for company reorganization can be made to a court by the debtor or by one or more creditors. Further, the initiation of company reorganization proceedings is possible--in theory, irrespective of the company's solvency situation--when at least two creditors whose total claims represent at least onefifth of the debtor's known debts and who are not related to the debtor file a joint application with the debtor or declare that they support the debtor's application for company reorganization. If there are no specific legal barriers to company reorganization and, consequently, the court approves the application and opens company reorganization proceedings, the court will simultaneously appoint an administrator (selvittäjä).
