Company Reorganization
All existing claims against the company are suspended as of the commencement of the company reorganization. The suspension as a main rule prohibits the enforcement and placing of security, the repayment and enforcement of the restructuring debts (although debts arising after the filing of the company reorganization application can be repaid and enforced) and the seizure of assets. The suspensions are in force until the company reorganization program has been confirmed by the district court or the proceedings have been dismissed.
Creditors with equal ranking have an equal status in the arrangements of the restructuring debts within the company reorganization program. Subject to certain restrictions set forth in the Finnish Company Reorganization Act, the following measures may be taken with respect to unsecured debts in the company reorganization program: (i) change the repayment schedule; (ii) order that debt payments be considered as payments against principal first, and as payments of interest and other credit costs only second; (iii) reduce the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of a debt; and (iv) reduce the outstanding principal balance of unpaid debt. The company reorganization program may also include the full or partial refinancing of debt. Consequently, the company reorganization procedure could result in holders of the Notes receiving a right to recover considerably less than they would otherwise be entitled to recover under the Note Guarantee.
Secured debt means restructuring debt where the creditor holds an effective (against third parties) security interest to property that belongs to or is in the possession of the debtor, insofar as the value of the security at the commencement of the proceedings would have been enough to cover the amount of the creditor's claim after the deduction of liquidation costs and claims with a higher priority. Regarding business mortgages, only 50% of the value of the mortgaged property will be considered as secured debt. The value of the property will be determined by the reorganization program.
The following debt arrangements may be applied to secured debt: (i) change the repayment schedule; (ii) order that debt payments be applied as payments against principal first and as payments of interest and other credit costs second; or (iii) reduce the obligation to pay interest and other credit costs with respect to the remaining term of the debt. Even if the debt arrangement does not affect the existence or content of a creditor's security interest, the security arrangements relating to the debt may be altered by replacing the security with other fully adequate security.
149
Payments on a secured debt shall be determined so that at least the present value of the secured debt will be repaid within a reasonable period, not to materially exceed the remainder of the credit period without the consent of the creditor or, if the debt has become due in full, not to materially exceed one-half of the original credit period. As for reducing interest and other credit costs, a court will take into consideration the length of the remaining credit period, so that the longer the remaining credit period, the smaller the reduction in interest and credit costs.
Bankruptcy
A debtor or its creditor may apply for bankruptcy from a bankruptcy court of competent jurisdiction when the debtor has failed to pay its debts and the inability to pay is not temporary. If the application is approved, an estate administrator (or several estate administrators) of the bankruptcy estate (pesänhoitaja) will be appointed by the court.
