Bankruptcy
A bankruptcy covers all the liabilities of the debtor, and its objective is to liquidate the assets of the debtor and use the proceeds received therefrom in payment of the creditors' claims. In order to achieve the objective of bankruptcy, the debtor's assets are, from the beginning of the bankruptcy, subject to the authority of the estate administrator. The creditors are represented through the meeting of creditors. The estate administrator must act for the common benefit of all creditors and shall comply with the decisions and guidelines of the creditors in matters falling within the decision-making powers of the creditors.
As a main rule, in order to be entitled to a disbursement, a creditor must file a claim in bankruptcy in writing (a "claim letter"), by delivering it to the estate administrator no later than the deadline set by the estate administrator. The obligation to notify the bankruptcy estate of a claim is binding even on a creditor with a secured claim. A creditor who holds assets belonging to the debtor as security for the debt of a third party must, at the request of and within a time limit set by the estate administrator, provide the information on receivables and collateral that should be provided in a claim letter. A creditor who holds a business mortgage over the assets of the debtor as security of a claim against the debtor in bankruptcy or a debt owed by some other debtor shall file the claim as provided in the Finnish Bankruptcy Act. If a claim is denominated in a currency other than euro, a value in euro for the purposes of the bankruptcy proceedings is determined using the exchange rate of the date of commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings.
A creditor who wishes to use his or her claim for set-off against a debt owed to the debtor must, when giving notice of the set-off, provide the estate administrator with the same information that would be provided in a claim letter.
Creditors have an equal right to a payment from the funds of the bankruptcy estate in the proportion of the amount of their claims, unless otherwise provided by law. However, the following creditors have precedence over unsecured creditors to receive their claims: (i) secured creditors and holders of retention rights have priority to the proceeds relating to the relevant asset; (ii) creditors of the administrative expenses of the bankruptcy estate, creditors with claims on the basis of contracts that the bankruptcy estate (rather than the debtor) has entered into, any liabilities for which the bankruptcy estate is responsible by operation of law and creditors of a debt that has arisen between the commencement and discontinuation of restructuring proceeding; and (iii) creditors with claims that are secured by a business mortgage will receive prior to other claims a disbursement of 50% of the value of the mortgaged assets. The rights of the above-mentioned preferential creditors may adversely affect the interests of holders of the Notes. Bankruptcy of the Finnish Guarantor could result in holders of the Notes recovering considerably less than they would have otherwise been entitled to recover under the Note guarantee.
Finnish law prescribes claims that are to be settled lastly. In practice, the most significant of such claims are the interest accruing on the claim during the period subsequent to the commencement of the bankruptcy, a bond issued with a low priority and a subordinated loan. The Finnish state has no preferential rights regarding taxes and other fiscal charges. The assets of the bankruptcy estate are disposed of in the most advantageous manner so as to maximize the aggregate net proceeds. However, secured creditors that are secured pursuant to a fixed charge over movable or immovable property may exercise their right to enforce such collateral regardless of the bankruptcy proceedings. The bankruptcy estate may at its own discretion prohibit the sale for a maximum of two months. The bankruptcy estate may sell collateral belonging to the estate only if the creditor protected by the collateral consents to the same or if the court grants a specific permission.
Fraudulent Conveyance Law
Pursuant to the Finnish Act on the Recovery of Assets to Bankruptcy Estate (Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipes‰‰n) (the "Recovery Act"), certain acts performed by a debtor can be revoked if the rights of creditors have been prejudiced by those acts. According to the Finnish Company Reorganization Act (Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta) and the Finnish Enforcement Code (Ulosottokaari), the grounds for recovery set forth in the Recovery Act are also to be applied in company reorganization and enforcement proceedings.
The bankruptcy estate administrator, the administrator in the company reorganization and certain creditors may seek to recover assets of the debtor in connection with bankruptcy, company reorganization or enforcement proceedings. The administrator or the creditors may, within a specified time, either file an action for recovery against the debtor's counterparty in a separate court proceeding or file an objection.
