Limitations Pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended, the "Finnish Companies Act") a Finnish company may not provide financing, or grant guarantees or security to secure the financing, of the acquisition of its or its parent company's shares (financial assistance).
In addition to the corporate benefit requirement, the granting of the guarantee/security has to be within the limits of the company's business purpose (as set out in its articles of association) and the company may not be insolvent and the granting of security may not result in the company becoming insolvent.
151
ENGLAND AND WALES
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of the insolvency law of England and Wales.
Challenges to Guarantees and Security
There are circumstances under English insolvency law in which the granting by an English company of security and guarantees can be challenged.
> Transaction at an undervalue. Under English insolvency law, a liquidator or an administrator of a company could apply to the court for an order to set aside a security interest (in certain cases) or a guarantee granted by the company (or give other relief) on the grounds that the creation of such security interest or guarantee constituted a transaction at an undervalue. The grant of a security interest or guarantee will only be a transaction at an undervalue if the transaction constitutes a gift or is made on terms that provide that the company receives no consideration or if the company receives consideration of significantly less value, in money or in money's worth, than the consideration given by such company. For a challenge to be made, the guarantee or security must be granted within a period of two years ending with the onset of insolvency (as defined in section 240 of the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended). In addition the company must have been "unable to pay its debts" at the time that it granted the guarantee or security or became "unable to pay its debts" as a result. A company will be "unable to pay its debts" if a statutory demand for over £750 is served on the company and remains unsatisfied for three weeks or an execution on or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a court in favor of a creditor is returned unsatisfied in whole or in part or if it is proved to the court's satisfaction that the company is not able to pay its debts as they fall due or that the value of the company's assets is less than the amount of its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities). A court will not make an order in respect of a transaction at an undervalue if it is satisfied that the company entered into the transaction in good faith and for the purpose of carrying on its business and that, at the time it did so, there were reasonable grounds for believing the transaction would benefit the company. Subject to this, if the court determines that the transaction was a transaction at an undervalue the court can make such order as it thinks fit to restore the position to what it would have been if the transaction had not been entered into (which could include reducing payments under the guarantees or setting aside any security interests granted or guarantees although there is protection for a third party that benefits from the transaction and has acted in good faith and for value). In any challenge proceedings, it is for the administrator or liquidator to demonstrate that the English company was unable to pay its debts unless a beneficiary of the transaction was a "connected person" (as defined in the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended), in which case there is a presumption that the company was unable to pay its debts and the connected person must demonstrate that the company was not unable to pay its debts at the time of the transaction.
> Preference. Under English insolvency law, a liquidator or administrator of a company could apply to the court for an order to set aside a security interest or a guarantee granted by such company (or give other relief) on the grounds such security interest or such guarantee constituted a preference. The grant of a security interest or guarantee is a preference if it has the effect of placing a creditor (or a surety or Guarantor of the company) in a better position in the event of the company's insolvent liquidation than if the security interest or guarantee had not been granted. For a challenge to be made, the decision to prefer must be made within the period of six months ending with the onset of insolvency (as defined in section 240 of the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended) if the beneficiary of the security interest or the guarantee is not a connected person or two years if the beneficiary is a connected person. A court may not make an order in respect of a preference of a person unless it is satisfied that the company in deciding to give the preference was influenced by a desire to put that person in a better position. If the court determines that the transaction was a preference, the court can make such order as it thinks fit to restore the position to what it would have been if that preference had not been given (which could include reducing payments under the guarantees or setting aside the security interests or guarantees). There is protection for a third party that benefits from the transaction and acted in good faith and for value. In any proceedings, it is for the administrator or liquidator to demonstrate that the company was unable to pay its debts and that the company was influenced by a desire to produce the preferential effect, unless the beneficiary of the transaction was a connected person, in which case there is a presumption that the company was influenced by a desire to produce the preferential effect and the connected person must demonstrate in such proceedings that there was no such influence.
