> Transaction at an undervalue. Under English insolvency law, a liquidator or an administrator of a company could apply to the court for an order to set aside a security interest (in certain cases) or a guarantee granted by the company (or give other relief) on the grounds that the creation of such security interest or guarantee constituted a transaction at an undervalue. The grant of a security interest or guarantee will only be a transaction at an undervalue if the transaction constitutes a gift or is made on terms that provide that the company receives no consideration or if the company receives consideration of significantly less value, in money or in money's worth, than the consideration given by such company. For a challenge to be made, the guarantee or security must be granted within a period of two years ending with the onset of insolvency (as defined in section 240 of the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended). In addition the company must have been "unable to pay its debts" at the time that it granted the guarantee or security or became "unable to pay its debts" as a result. A company will be "unable to pay its debts" if a statutory demand for over £750 is served on the company and remains unsatisfied for three weeks or an execution on or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a court in favor of a creditor is returned unsatisfied in whole or in part or if it is proved to the court's satisfaction that the company is not able to pay its debts as they fall due or that the value of the company's assets is less than the amount of its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities). A court will not make an order in respect of a transaction at an undervalue if it is satisfied that the company entered into the transaction in good faith and for the purpose of carrying on its business and that, at the time it did so, there were reasonable grounds for believing the transaction would benefit the company. Subject to this, if the court determines that the transaction was a transaction at an undervalue the court can make such order as it thinks fit to restore the position to what it would have been if the transaction had not been entered into (which could include reducing payments under the guarantees or setting aside any security interests granted or guarantees although there is protection for a third party that benefits from the transaction and has acted in good faith and for value). In any challenge proceedings, it is for the administrator or liquidator to demonstrate that the English company was unable to pay its debts unless a beneficiary of the transaction was a "connected person" (as defined in the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended), in which case there is a presumption that the company was unable to pay its debts and the connected person must demonstrate that the company was not unable to pay its debts at the time of the transaction.
> Transaction defrauding creditors. Under English insolvency law, a liquidator or an administrator of a company, or a person who is a victim of the relevant transaction can apply to the court for an order to set aside a security interest or guarantee granted by that company on the grounds the security interest or guarantee was a transaction defrauding creditors. A transaction will constitute a transaction defrauding creditors if it is a transaction at an undervalue and the court is satisfied the substantial purpose of a party to the transaction was to put assets beyond the reach of actual or potential claimants against it or to prejudice the interest of such persons. If the court determines that the transaction was a transaction defrauding creditors, then it may make such order as it may deem fit to restore the position to what it was prior to the transaction or protect the victims of the transaction (including reducing payments under the guarantee or setting aside the security interest or guarantees) but there is protection for a third party acting in good faith and for value without notice of the relevant circumstances. Any "victim" of the transaction (with the leave of the court if the company is in liquidation or administration) may apply to court under this provision and not just liquidators or administrators. There is no time limit in the English insolvency legislation within which the company must enter insolvency proceedings and the relevant company does not need to have been unable to pay its debts at the time of the transaction.
152
> Grant o ffloating charge. Under English insolvency law, if an English company is unable to pay its debts at the time of (or as a result of) granting a floating charge then such floating charge can be avoided on the action of a liquidator or administrator if it was granted in the period of one year ending with the onset of insolvency (as defined in section 245 of the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended). The floating charge, however, will be validated to the extent of the value of the consideration provided for the creation of the charge in the form of money paid to, or goods or services supplied to, or any discharge or reduction of any debt of, the relevant English company at the same time as or after the creation of the floating charge plus interest payable on such amounts. Where the floating charge is granted to a "connected person," the charge can be challenged if given within two years of the onset of insolvency and the prerequisite to challenge that the company is unable to pay its debts does not apply. However, if the floating charge qualifies as a "security financial collateral arrangement" under the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations 2003, the floating charge will not be subject to challenge as described in this paragraph.
Administration; Fixed and Floating Charges
Under English insolvency law, English courts are empowered to order the appointment of an administrator in respect of an English company in certain circumstances. An administrator can also be appointed out of court by an English company, its directors or the holder of a qualifying floating charge and different procedures apply according to the identity of the appointor. During the administration, in general no proceedings or other legal process may be commenced or continued against such company, or security enforced over such company's property, except with leave of the court or the consent of the administrator. The moratorium does not, however, apply to a "security financial collateral arrangement" (such as a charge over cash or financial instruments such as shares, bonds or tradable capital market debt instruments) under the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations 2003. During the administration of an English company, a creditor would not be able to enforce any security interest (other than security financial collateral arrangements) granted by it without the consent of the administrator or the court. In addition, a secured creditor cannot appoint an administrative receiver.
The Security Agent can appoint its choice of administrator by the out-of-court route or appoint an administrative receiver if it is the holder of a qualifying floating charge (as defined in paragraph 14 of Schedule B1 of the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended). The essential characteristics of a qualifying floating charge are that (a) the charge must by its terms give the holder power to appoint an administrator (or an administrative receiver) and (b) the charge (or that and other charges taken together) must relate to the whole or substantially the whole of the relevant Obligor's property. Even if the Security Agent holds a qualifying floating charge, it can only appoint an administrative receiver if one of the exceptions to the general prohibition of appointing an administrative receiver applies. The most relevant exception to the prohibition on the appointment of an administrative receiver by the Security Agent is that the Security Agent can appoint an administrative receiver under security forming part of a "capital market arrangement" (as defined in the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended), which is the case if a party incurs debt of at least £50,000,000 during the life of the arrangement and the arrangement involves the issue of a "capital markets investment" (which is defined in the UK Insolvency Act 1986, as amended). Once an administrative receiver is appointed by the Security Agent the company or its directors will not be able to appoint an administrator by the out-of-court route and a court will only appoint an administrator if the charge under which the administrative receiver appointed is successfully challenged or the Security Agent agrees. If an administrator is appointed to a company, any administrative receiver then in office must vacate office and any receiver of part of the company's property must resign if requested to do so by the administrator.
An administrator, receiver (including administrative receiver) or liquidator of the company will be required to ring-fence a certain percentage of the proceeds of enforcement of floating charge security for the benefit of unsecured creditors. Under current law, this applies to 50% of the first £10,000 of floating charge realizations and 20% of the remainder over £10,000, with a maximum aggregate cap of £600,000.
Fixed-charge security has a number of advantages over floating charge security: (a) an administrator appointed to the company that granted the floating charge can dispose of floating charge assets for cash or collect receivables charged by way of floating charge and use the proceeds and/or cash subject to a floating charge, to meet administration expenses (which can include the costs of continuing to operate the charging company's business while in administration) in priority to the claims of the floating charge holder; (b) a fixed charge, even if created after the date of a floating charge, may have priority as against the floating charge over the charged assets; (c) general costs and expenses (including the liquidator's remuneration) properly incurred in a winding-up are payable out of floating charge assets to the extent the assets of the company available for unsecured creditors generally are otherwise insufficient to meet them in priority to floating charge claims; (d) until the floating charge security crystallizes, a company is entitled to deal with assets that are subject to floating charge security in the ordinary course of its business, meaning that such assets can be effectively disposed of by the charging company so as to give a third party good title to the assets free of the floating charge and so as to give rise to the risk of security being granted over such assets in priority to the floating charge security; (e) floating charge security is subject to certain challenges under English insolvency law; and (f) floating charge security is subject to the claims of preferential creditors (such as occupational pension scheme contributions and salaries owed to employees (subject to a cap per employee) and holiday pay owed to employees) and, where the floating charge is not a security financial collateral arrangement, to the claims of unsecured creditors in respect of a ring-fenced amount of the proceeds.
