An administrator, receiver (including administrative receiver) or liquidator of the company will be required to ring-fence a certain percentage of the proceeds of enforcement of floating charge security for the benefit of unsecured creditors. Under current law, this applies to 50% of the first £10,000 of floating charge realizations and 20% of the remainder over £10,000, with a maximum aggregate cap of £600,000.
Under English law, there is a possibility that a court could recharacterize as floating charges any security interests expressed to be created by a security document as fixed charges where the chargee does not have the requisite degree of control over the relevant chargor's ability to deal with the relevant assets and the proceeds thereof or does not exercise such control in practice, as the description given to the charges in the relevant security document as fixed charges is not determinative. Where the chargor is free to deal with the secured assets without the consent of the chargee, the court is likely to hold that the security interest in question constitutes a floating charge, notwithstanding that it may be described as a fixed charge.
153
SWEDEN
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of the insolvency law of Sweden.
Swedish Reorganization Act of 1996
The Swedish Company Reorganization Act 1996 (the "Reorganization Act") (lag (1996:764) omföretagsrekonstruktion (1996:764)) provides companies facing economic difficulty with an opportunity to resolve these issues without being declared bankrupt unless the court has approved a request for "public composition" proceedings (offentligt ackard). Corporate reorganization proceedings shall, as a main rule, terminate within three months from commencement but may under certain conditions be extended for up to one year.
An administrator is appointed by the court and supervises the day-to-day activities and safeguards the interests of creditors. However, the debtor remains in full possession of the business except that, for important decisions such as paying a debt that has fallen due prior to the order of reorganization, granting security for a debt that arose prior to the order, undertaking new obligations or transferring, pledging or granting rights in respect of assets of a substantial value for the business, the consent of the administrator is required.
The making of an order under the Reorganization Act does not have the effect of terminating contracts with the debtor and, during the reorganization procedure, the debtor's business activities continue in the normal way. However, the procedure includes a suspension of payments to creditors and the debtor cannot pay a debt that fell due prior to the order without the consent of the administrator and such consent may only be granted should there be exceptional reasons for doing so and any petition for bankruptcy in respect of the debtor will be stayed. A moratorium also applies to execution in respect of a claim or enforcement of security during Swedish corporate reorganization proceedings unless the security assets are in the physical possession of the secured creditor or any agent acting on behalf of such creditor, which is the case with a share pledge over the shares in a Swedish limited liability company where the share certificates of such company have been physically delivered to the agent for the secured creditor.
