An administrator is appointed by the court and supervises the day-to-day activities and safeguards the interests of creditors. However, the debtor remains in full possession of the business except that, for important decisions such as paying a debt that has fallen due prior to the order of reorganization, granting security for a debt that arose prior to the order, undertaking new obligations or transferring, pledging or granting rights in respect of assets of a substantial value for the business, the consent of the administrator is required.
The debtor may apply to the court requesting "public composition" proceedings (offentligt ackord) which means that the amount of a creditor's claim may be reduced on a percentage basis. The proposal for a "public composition" must meet certain requirements such as that a sufficient proportion of the creditors which are allowed to vote, in respect of a sufficient proportion of the outstanding claims vote in favor of such public composition. Creditors with set-off rights and secured creditors will not participate in the composition unless they wholly or partly waive their set-off rights or priority rights. Should the security not cover a secured creditor's full claim, the remaining claim will, however, be part of a public composition. A creditors' meeting is convened to vote on the proposed public composition. The public composition is binding for all known and unknown creditors that had a right to participate in the public composition proceedings.
Bankruptcy
In the event of Swedish bankruptcy, a Swedish court will appoint a receiver who will work in the interest of all creditors with the objective of selling the debtor's assets and distribute the proceeds among the creditors.
The purpose of Swedish bankruptcy proceedings is to wind up a Swedish company in such a way that the company's creditors receive as high a proportion of their claims as possible. The receiver in bankruptcy is required to safeguard the assets and can decide to continue the business or to close it down, depending on what is considered best for all creditors. In general, the receiver in bankruptcy is required to sell the assets of the debtor as soon as possible and to distribute the proceeds. In the interim, the receiver will take over the management and control of the company and the company's directors and/or managing director will no longer be entitled to represent the company or dispose of the company's assets. Secured creditors may, subject to restrictions and notification requirements, enforce certain types of security despite the pledgor's bankruptcy.
When distributing the proceeds, the receiver must follow the mandatory provisions in the Swedish Rights of Priority Act of 1970, as amended (the "Rights of Priority Act") (förmånsrättslag (1970:979)) which state the order in which creditors have a right to be paid. As a general principle, competing claims have equal right to payment in relation to the size of the amount claimed from the debtor's assets. However, some preferential and secured creditors, where such preference or security may arise as a consequence of law, have the benefit of payment before other creditors. There are two types of preferential rights: "specific preferential rights" and "general preferential rights". "Specific preferential rights" apply to certain specific property and give the creditor a right to payment from such property. "General preferential rights" cover all property belonging to the insolvent company's estate in bankruptcy, which is not covered by specific preferential rights, and give the creditor a right to payment from such property. Claims that do not carry any of the above mentioned preferential rights or exceed the value of the security provided for such claim (to the extent of such excess), are non-preferential and are of equal standing as against each other.
In case of enforcement outside bankruptcy, an enforcement process is initiated by the creditor obtaining an enforcement order from the Swedish Enforcement Authority (Kronofogdemyndigheten) or the relevant Swedish court. Upon obtaining an enforcement order against a debtor, a creditor may apply to the Swedish Enforcement Authority for an order to pay or on eviction. Should the creditor's claim be secured by way of a pledge, he may (based on his rights under the pledge agreement and depending on the kind of collateral) choose to enforce the pledge by liquidating the security assets in addition to or instead of initiating an enforcement procedure with the Swedish Enforcement Authority or the court (but it should be noted that the creditor has extreme obligations to observe the debtor's interest when enforcing the pledge). Such secured party is always considered a creditor with a specific right of priority to payment.
154
Limitations
