154
To the extent that a guarantee or a pledge by a Swedish limited liability company as security for the obligations of a parent or sister company exceed the distributable reserves (calculated according to the latest annual report approved by the annual shareholders meeting, such amount reduced by any negative variations or reservations since the end of the financial year to which the annual report relates to the date when the guarantee or pledge is given) of the relevant Guarantor or pledgor at the time when the guarantee or pledge is given, the validity of such guarantee or pledge is subject to the condition that the Guarantor or pledgor receives consideration on market terms for its undertakings or that otherwise sufficient corporate benefit accrues. It should also be noted that the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslag (2005:511)) relating to financial assistance in Sweden prohibit limited liability companies incorporated in Sweden from providing guarantees or granting security or other credit support for debt financing the direct or indirect acquisition of shares in these companies, or limit the enforceability of such guarantees and securities.
In Swedish bankruptcy and company reorganization proceedings, transactions can (in certain circumstances and subject to specific time limits) be reversed and the goods or money can then be returned to the bankruptcy estate or the company subject to company reorganization. Broadly, these transactions include, amongst others, situations where the debtor has conveyed property fraudulently or preferentially to one creditor to the detriment of its other creditors before the initiation of the relevant insolvency proceedings, created a new security interest, granted a guarantee or security that was either not stipulated at the time when the secured obligation arose or not perfected without delay after such time and the delay is not considered to be ordinary, or paid a debt that is not due or that is considerable compared to the value of the debtor's assets or if the payment is made by using unusual means of payment. In the majority of situations, a claim for recovery can be made concerning actions that were made during the three months preceding the commencement of the relevant Swedish insolvency proceedings. In certain situations, longer time limits apply and in others there are no time limits. These include, amongst others, situations where the other party to an agreement or other arrangement is deemed to be a closely related party to the debtor such as a subsidiary or parent company.
Security Interests
Under Swedish law, in addition to certain actions that must be taken to perfect a security interest by the secured party and the grantor, for any security to be validly created, the grantor must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the assets subject to the security interest. Any security interests purported to be created under Swedish law over assets which the security provider may remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate or collect, invest and dispose of any income from until the occurrence of an enforcement event would therefore not be effective until an enforcement event has occurred and the security interests have been perfected. Such unperfected secured assets are vulnerable under applicable provisions of Swedish law of being set aside as a preference in any Swedish insolvency proceeding affecting the security provider. Thus, a security provider must be effectively deprived of its right to control, deal with or dispose of the secured assets, and arrangements providing for the release of a security interest over an asset in connection with the disposal thereof or upon the occurrence of other circumstances would be at risk of impairing the validity of the security. Perfection of security at a state after the secured liabilities were incurred could incur a hardening period of three months from the date of full perfection.
It is generally possible under Swedish law to grant security interests in favor of an agent acting on behalf of the secured parties. However, it is not established by judicial precedent or otherwise by law that a power of attorney or a mandate of agency, including the appointment of an agent, can be made irrevocable. Therefore, any powers of attorney or mandates of agency can be revoked and will terminate by operation of law and without notice at the bankruptcy or temporal demise of the party giving such powers.
Parallel Debt
The concept of parallel debt arrangements is not generally recognized under Swedish law and any agreement or document may not be enforceable to the extent it purports to effect such arrangements.
POLAND
