The concept of parallel debt arrangements is not generally recognized under Swedish law and any agreement or document may not be enforceable to the extent it purports to effect such arrangements.
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of insolvency law in Poland.
Insolvency (Bankruptcy) Proceedings
As a general rule, insolvency proceedings with respect to any Guarantor with its registered office in Poland should be subject to the jurisdiction of Polish courts, which will apply the Polish Bankruptcy and Rehabilitation Law of February 28, 2003 (consolidated text in the Journal of Laws (Dziennik Ustaw) of 2012, Item 1112, as amended, the "Bankruptcy Law").
Pursuant to the Bankruptcy Law, a declaration of bankruptcy shall be issued by a court in respect of a debtor who has become insolvent, i.e., the debtor fails to fulfill its due and payable pecuniary obligations and/or, (in respect of a legal entity with legal personality (osobowoscprawna), or legal entity which has no legal personality, but according to the law, it has legal capacity, i.e., the ability to enter into transactions and to be the subject of rights and obligations (zdolnoscprawna)) where its obligations are in excess of the value of its assets, even if it is able to discharge these obligations on time.
A bankruptcy petition may be filed by a debtor or any of his creditors. In the case of a legal person, it may also be filed by anyone who is entitled to represent the same, individually or jointly with other persons. The debtor is obliged to file a bankruptcy petition with the court within two weeks from the day on which the grounds for the declaration of bankruptcy arose.
155
The insolvency proceedings may be carried out in two ways: (i) proceedings with the possibility of an arrangement (an arrangement may also provide for the satisfaction of creditors through liquidation of the bankrupt's assets) ("Arrangement Proceedings"); or (ii) proceedings involving the liquidation of the debtor's assets ("Liquidation Proceedings"). The Arrangement Proceedings are conducted with respect to the debtor, where it has been credibly established that the creditors' claims will be satisfied to a larger extent than they would be in Liquidation Proceedings. In the Arrangement Proceedings, certain claims are not subject to a potential arrangement (in particular, without limitation, claims secured on the bankrupt entity's assets by mortgage, pledge, registered pledge or transfer of title to movables, receivables or other rights are not subject to arrangement, however only to the extent covered by the value of assets on which security was established). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a creditor whose claims are so secured may consent to being subject to an arrangement. The court may change the manner of conducting the insolvency proceedings from the Arrangement Proceedings into the Liquidation Proceedings and vice versa, if the grounds for conducting a given type of the proceedings have became known after the declaration of bankruptcy.
Provisions of any agreement which stipulate that such an agreement will be terminated and/or amended upon bankruptcy of one of the parties are invalid. Also, provisions of an agreement to which the bankrupt entity is a party which hinder or prevent the objectives of the insolvency proceedings, will be deemed ineffective in relation to the bankruptcy estate. These specific provisions of Polish law are deemed to be forcing their jurisdiction with respect to provisions of the kind as referred to above also over contracts that are subject to laws other than the laws of Poland, as long as said provisions of such contract would apply to an entity that is subject to bankruptcy proceedings under Polish bankruptcy law.
