In addition, if a debtor's entering into a given agreement made it wholly or partially impossible to satisfy a third party's claim, such third party may request that the court declare such agreement ineffective towards that third party, provided that the debtor and the other party to the agreement knew of the third party's claim or if the agreement was for no consideration.
The Commercial Companies Code of September 15, 2000 (Journal of Laws (Dziennik Ustaw) of 2000, No. 94, Item 1037, as amended; Article 345) (the "Commercial Companies Code") restricts joint-stock companies (spoika akcyjna) from providing financial assistance for the direct or indirect acquisition of their own shares, which includes, without limitation, granting loans, security or guarantees. Financial assistance is allowed only under the following circumstances, all of which need to be met jointly: (i) the transaction will be made on an arm's-length basis following examination of the debtor's solvency and in exchange for a "fair" price; (ii) the company has set aside reserve capital for the purposes of financing from earnings or capital which, under the relevant provisions of the Commercial Companies Code, is available to be distributed to shareholders; (iii) the shareholders' meeting of the company has adopted a resolution approving the scope of the financing; and (iv) the management board has prepared a report which is then submitted to the court registry and which includes: (a) the reasons or purpose of the financing, (b) the company's interest in the financing, (c) the terms of the financing, (d) the impact of the financing on the risk concerning financial liquidity and solvency of the company, and (e) the price for the acquisition of or subscription for the shares, together with proof/justification that the price is fair. The restrictions on financial assistance are broadly construed under Polish law and consequently it is impractical for many companies to follow them. If the proceeds from the Offering were to be used to repay those loans which were, either directly or indirectly, used to finance the acquisition of any Guarantors who are joint-stock companies, there would be a risk that the Guarantees given by such Guarantors could be said to constitute indirect financial assistance for the acquisition of their own shares. The Commercial Companies Code also restricts both, joint stock companies and limited liability companies (spoika z ograniczonq odpowiedzialnosciq) from making any payments to their shareholders (under any legal title) from their assets which are necessary to cover their share capital. This provision is not very clear but it is assumed that it forbids any payments to the shareholders as a result of which the assets of the company would become less than the nominal value of its share capital.
157
Registration of Security
The establishment and perfection of certain security instruments in Poland, in particular registered pledges and mortgages, requires the execution of certain documents and entry in certain registers. A registered pledge is effective at the actual date of registration. Registration proceedings can last up to three weeks. Registered pledges have priority in the order they were registered. To the extent that the security grantor has tax obligations in Poland, registered pledge may be encumbered with a treasury lien for the benefit of the State Treasury. It is a standard market practice that until the entry of the pledge in the register, the payment obligations are secured by a financial or civil pledge, which does not give the same scope of rights to secured creditors as the registered pledge in terms of protection against unauthorized transfers and subsequent charges.
Effectiveness of Security
In general, civil pledges contemplated in the relevant Security Documents will become effective upon notification to the relevant debtor (which must include evidence of agreement, order or registration of the pledges). The pledge will not be effective against the company unless and until such notification is made.
Transfer of a future claim, by Guarantors organized in Poland, is permissible; however, it is only fully effective when a claim has arisen. Therefore, on the date of the transfer the assignor transfers only the expectancy of future rights to the assignee. This means that if bankruptcy of the assignee is pending at the time the future claim arises, the transfer of that claim may be deemed ineffective vis-a-vis the bankrupt estate.
Generally, the establishment of a registered pledge will not prevent third-party creditors of the security grantor from initiating enforcement proceedings to satisfy their claims. In such event, the Security Agent will have the right to participate in the distribution of funds resulting from such enforcement and its claims will have priority over unsecured claims of third parties (except for certain court-enforcement expenses, alimony claims and employee and pension claims) and claims secured with the lower-ranking pledges according to the order of priorities set forth in accordance with applicable law.
