Transfer of a future claim, by Guarantors organized in Poland, is permissible; however, it is only fully effective when a claim has arisen. Therefore, on the date of the transfer the assignor transfers only the expectancy of future rights to the assignee. This means that if bankruptcy of the assignee is pending at the time the future claim arises, the transfer of that claim may be deemed ineffective vis-a-vis the bankrupt estate.
Under Polish law, pledges and mortgages are considered an accessory to the underlying secured obligations, which automatically terminate if the secured obligations have been satisfied, become void or otherwise expire or, in general, the pledge/mortgage is released by the pledgee/mortgagee.
Parallel Debt
Parallel debt as a concept has been considered and accepted by Polish courts in the context of foreign-law debts, even though the concept is not valid under Polish law per se.
Application of Foreign Law
If any obligation is to be performed in a jurisdiction outside Poland, it might not be enforceable in Poland to the extent that such performance would be illegal or contrary to public policy under the laws of the other jurisdiction. Polish courts may take into account the law of the place of performance when evaluating the manner of performance and the steps to be taken in the event of defective performance.
No law of any other jurisdiction will apply in the Republic of Poland if its application would have an effect that is contrary to the public policy in the Republic of Poland.
Consents and Notification
An exercise of voting rights in a company by a holder of the relevant security under the power of attorney may be recognized as change of control pursuant to the Act on Protection of Competition and Consumers (uniform text, Journal of Laws dated 2003, No. 86, item 804) ("Competition Law"). Therefore, the holder of such security may be obliged to notify the Polish Office for Protection of Competition and Consumers about its intention to exercise its voting rights. Further, it may be required to obtain an anti-monopoly clearance to exercise such voting rights.
