As of the Issue Date, the Notes will be guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the following subsidiaries of the Issuer: Sanitec UK Limited, Twyford Holdings Limited, Twyford Bathrooms, Sanitec Europe Oy, IDO Kylpyhuone Oy, Allia Holding GmbH, KERAMAG Keramische Werke Aktiengesellschaft, Sanitec Holding Italy S.p.A., Pozzi-Ginori
Ranking of Guarantees
S.p.A., Lincoln Land Funfte B.V., B.V. DE SPHINX MAASTRICHT, Sanitec Kolo Sp. z o.o., Sanitec Holdings Sweden Aktiebolag, and Ifö Sanitär AB. Subsequent to the Issue Date, Slavuta Holdings LLC and Slavuta Plant Budfarfor, PJSC will become Guarantors (together, the "Ukrainian Guarantors") by executing Deeds of Surety.
For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Issuer and the Guarantors on the Issue Date would have generated 84.2% of the Issuer's consolidated EBITDA and, as of December 31, 2012, would have held 79.6% of the Issuer's consolidated total assets.
The Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture will require that, for each annual period beginning January 1, 2014 (determined upon the receipt of annual financial statements), the Issuer and the Guarantors will generate at least 80.0% of the Issuer's consolidated EBITDA and 80.0% of the Issuer's total assets (determined based on such annual financial statements). To the extent the Ukrainian Guarantors do not accede to the Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture in connection with the satisfaction of these threshold requirements, the Issuer will cause other non-Guarantor Subsidiaries to become Guarantors to meet these levels. As of December 31, 2012, with the inclusion of the Ukrainian Guarantors, the Issuer and the Guarantors would have generated 87.7% of the Issuer's consolidated EBITDA and 85.7% of the Issuer's total assets.
As of December 31, 2012, on a consolidated basis, the Issuer's subsidiaries that will not guarantee the Notes would have had 0.1 million of indebtedness outstanding.
The Guarantees will be subject to contractual and legal limitations, and may be released under certain circumstances. See "Riskfactors-- Under the Intercreditor Agreement, the holders o f the Notes will be required to share recovery proceeds with other secured creditors and have certain limitations on their ability to enforce the security documents."
Each Guarantee will be a general senior obligation of the relevant Guarantor and will:
> rank pari passu in right of payment with any existing and future indebtedness of that Guarantor that is not subordinated to such Guarantor's Guarantee, including indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility;
