158
Ukrainian currency control regulations may impact a surety's ability to make payments under deeds of surety
The National Bank of Ukraine (the "NBU") is empowered to establish policies for and to regulate currency operations in Ukraine and has the power to establish restrictions on currency operations and repatriation of profits. Ukrainian currency controls and practice are subject to change, with the NBU exercising considerable autonomy in interpretation and application.
Applicable Ukrainian legislation will be interpreted to require a resident Ukrainian entity to obtain an individual license (a "Foreign Payment License") from the NBU in order to make cross-border payments pursuant to a suretyship (although no Foreign Payment License is required for a resident Ukrainian entity to issue the suretyship). As a result, there is a risk that any such payments may be made by a surety only after it has obtained a Foreign Payment License for such payment. The NBU would refuse to issue such a license on a contingency basis or for a contingency payment, when the exact amount of the payment and its term cannot be specified. Despite its previous standpoint indicating that a payment in foreign currency under a suretyship would not require a prior individual license from the NBU, on November 15, 2010 the NBU issued Letter No. 13-210/5939-20044 in which it clarified that a Ukrainian legal entity, which is not a financial institution, may transfer foreign currency abroad to perform its obligations of a surety to a non-resident creditor only on the basis of an individual license granted by NBU to such entity.
At the same time, even if the NBU takes the approach that a Foreign Payment Licence is required for sureties to make payment under the deeds of surety at the relevant time, this should not affect the validity of the deeds of surety. In such circumstances, absent a Foreign Payment License, a Ukrainian surety may be permitted to make cross-border payments under suretyship if such payment is required pursuant to a valid and effective order of a Ukrainian court (including that enforcing a foreign arbitral award).
The ability of sureties to make cross-border payments under the deed of surety may be further impeded by Ukrainian currency control regulations restricting a resident Ukrainian entity's ability to purchase foreign currency in order to make payments under a suretyship issued with respect to obligations of a foreign debtor. Payments in foreign currency from Ukrainian residents to non residents abroad are generally subject to the NBU licensing regime provided for under Decree No. 15-93 of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine "On the System of Currency Regulation and Currency Control" dated February 19, 1993 (as amended) (the "Currency Decree") unless such payments are otherwise exempt under the Currency Decree.
The contemplated payments by the relevant surety under the suretyship toward the discharge of the obligations to Noteholders under the Indenture and various payments that may be required to be effected by the relevant surety under the respective suretyship are not exempt from the NBU licensing regime and, thus, an NBU individual licence will be required to make such payments. The licence cannot be obtained at the time of entering into the suretyship and can be requested by the relevant surety only after its payment obligation has materialized.
The NBU, in order to decide whether to issue an individual licence, may request any documents that it considers necessary, based on which it will assess the payments to be made by the surety and their nature, including from the perspective of mandatory provisions and concepts of Ukrainian law. The concept of "indemnity" is not expressly recognized under Ukrainian law, and with respect to various indemnities set out in the suretyships as well as other similar payment obligations of sureties throughout suretyships to reimburse, compensate or otherwise indemnify the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Notes on for various other fees, costs, expenses, taxes, charges, duties and other similar provisions, it is uncertain whether the NBU will consider them in line with Ukrainian law for the purposes of issuing an individual licence, and consequently whether the sureties will be able to make such payments to the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Notes.
Further, sureties cannot buy foreign currency to fulfil their obligations under suretyships. Each respective surety must be able to make any such payments on account of its own (not purchased or borrowed) funds in foreign currency.
