Subordination. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of a Surety, the Noteholders' claims would be treated as claims of unsecured creditors and the Ukrainian Surety's obligations to Noteholders would be subordinated to the following obligations: > obligations secured by a pledge or mortgage over the assets of the Ukrainian Surety; > severance pay and employment related obligations; > expenditures associated with the conduct of the bankruptcy proceedings and expenses of the liquidator; > obligations arising as a result of causing death or damage to health; > workplace injury compensation;
state agencies.
Foreign Judgments
To the extent the holders of the Notes attempt to enforce in Ukraine any judgment obtained in their favour in the courts of England or other countries, actual enforcement thereof will be subject to compliance with relevant enforcement procedures under Ukrainian law.
Since Ukraine is a party to the New York Convention, a foreign arbitral award obtained in a state which is also a party to the New York Convention would be enforceable in Ukraine, subject to the terms of the New York Convention.
ITALY The following is a brief description of certain aspects of insolvency law and limitations on the validity and enforceability of the guarantees in Italy.
Bankruptcy In Italy, the courts play a central role in the insolvency process and the enforcement of security interests by creditors in Italy can be time consuming. Under the Italian Royal Decree No. 267 of March 16, 1942 (the main Italian bankruptcy legislation), as reformed and currently in force (the "Italian Bankruptcy Law"), the two primary aims are to liquidate the debtor's assets and protect the goodwill of the going concern (if any) for the satisfaction of creditors' claims as well as, in case of the "Prodi-bis" procedure or "Marzano" procedure, to maintain employment. These competing aims are often balanced by the sale of businesses as going concerns and ensuring that employees are transferred along with the businesses being sold. However, the Italian Bankruptcy Law has been recently amended with a view to promoting rescue procedures rather than liquidation, focusing on the continuity and survival of financially distressed businesses and enhancing pre-bankruptcy restructuring options.
160
Under the Italian Bankruptcy Law, bankruptcy must be determined and declared by a court, based on the insolvency ("insolvenza") of a company upon a petition filed by the company itself, the public prosecutor and/or one or more creditors. Insolvency occurs in Italy when a debtor is no longer capable to regularly fulfill its payment obligations as they fall due. This must be a permanent and not a temporary status in order for a court to hold that a company is insolvent.
