160
The following restructuring and bankruptcy alternatives are available under Italian laws for companies in a state of crisis and for insolvent companies:
> Restructuring outside o f ajudicial process ( "accordi stragiudiziali"). Restructuring generally takes place through a formal judicial process because it is more favorable for the debtor and because informal arrangements put in place to effect an out-of court restructuring are susceptible to being reviewed by a court in the event of a subsequent insolvency, and possibly challenged as voidable transactions. However, in cases where a company is solvent, but facing financial difficulties, it may be possible to enter into a purely contractual arrangement with its creditors, which may safeguard the existence of the company.
> Agreements to restructure indebtedness pursuant to Article 182-bis of the Italian Bankruptcy Law ("accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti"). Out of court arrangements for the restructuring of debts entered into with those creditors that represent at least 60% of the outstanding claims can be ratified by the court: an independent expert must certify that the agreement is feasible and, particularly, that non-participating creditors can be fully satisfied in a timely manner. Precisely such debtors should be fully satisfied according to the following timeframes: (i) 120 days from the date of ratification of the agreement by the court, in the case of debts which are due and payable to the nonparticipating creditors as at the date of the sanctioning ( "omologazione") of the debt restructuring agreement by the court; and (ii) 120 days from the date on which the relevant debts fall due, in case of debts which are not yet due and payable to the nonparticipating creditors as of the date of the sanctioning (omologazione) of the debt restructuring agreement by the court. Only the debtor who is insolvent or in a situation of financial distress can request the court's ratification of the debt restructuring arrangements entered into with its creditors (omologazione). The agreement must be made public through its filing with the register of the companies and is effective as of the day of its publication. For sixty days from such publication all restraining or enforcement actions by existing creditors are stayed. Such moratorium can be requested, pursuant to Article 182-bis, Paragraph 6 of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, by the debtor from the court pending negotiations with creditors (prior to the above-mentioned publication of the agreement), subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. Such moratorium request must be published in the companies' register and becomes effective as of the date of publication. The court, having verified the completeness of the documentation, sets the date for a hearing within 30 days of the publication and orders the company to supply the relevant documentation in relation to the moratorium to the creditors. In such hearing, the court assesses whether the conditions for granting the moratorium are in place and, if they are, orders that no interim relief or enforcement action may be started or continued, nor can security interests (unless agreed) be acquired over the assets of the debtor, and sets a deadline (not exceeding 60 days) within which the restructuring agreement has to be filed. The court's order may be challenged within 15 days of its publication. Within the same time frame, an application for the concordato preventivo (as described below) may be filed, without prejudice to the effect of the moratorium. The Italian Bankruptcy Law does not expressly provide for any indications concerning the contents of the debt restructuring agreement. The plan can therefore provide, inter alia, either for the prosecution of the business by the debtor or by a third party, or the sale of the business to a third party and may contain, business refinancing agreements, moratoria, cut-offs and/or postponements of claims. The debt restructuring agreement may also contain a proposed tax settlement for the partial or deferred payment of certain taxes. Creditors and other interested parties may oppose the agreement within thirty days from the publication of the agreement in the companies' register. The court will, after having settled the oppositions (if any), validate the agreement by issuing a decree, which may be appealed within 15 days of its publication. Pursuant to the new Article 182-quinquies of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, the court, pending the sanctioning (omologazione) of the agreement pursuant to Article 182-bis, paragraph 1, or after the filing of the instance pursuant to Article 182-bis, paragraph 6, or a petition for a concordato preventivo, also pursuant to Article 161, paragraph 6, may authorize the debtor (i) to incur in new indebtedness pre-deductible (i.e., super senior in case of bankruptcy of the debtor pursuant to Article 111 of the Italian Bankruptcy Law), provided that the expert appointed by the debtor declares the aim of the new financial indebtedness results in a better satisfaction of the creditors, and (ii) to pay debts deriving from the supply of services or goods, already payable and due, provided that the expert declares that such payment is essential for the keeping of company's activities and to ensure the best satisfaction for all creditors.
Moreover, pursuant to Article 182-quater financings granted to a debtor "in view o f' (infunzione) a petition for the sanctioning (omologazione) of an agreement pursuant to Article 182-bis or a concordato preventivo procedure benefit of the same super priority status in case of subsequent bankruptcy of the debtor where such financings are contemplated under the underlying restructuring plan and the super-priority status is expressly recognized by the court in the context of the sanctioning (omologazione) of the Article 182-bis agreement or the approval of the concordato preventivo procedure. Same provisions apply to financings granted by shareholders up to 80% of their amount.
> Out-of-Court Restructuring ("piano di risanamento " pursuant to Article 67, Paragraph 3(d) of the Italian Bankruptcy Law: Out-of-court debt restructuring agreements are based on restructuring plans (piani di risanamento attestati) prepared by companies in order to restructure their indebtedness and to ensure the recovery of their financial condition. An independent expert appointed directly by the debtor has to verify the feasibility of the restructuring plan and the truthfulness of the business data provided by the company. There is no need to obtain court approval to appoint the expert. The terms and conditions of these plans are freely negotiable. Unlike in-court pre-bankruptcy agreement proceedings and debt restructuring agreements, out-of-court reorganization plans do not offer the debtor any protection against enforcement proceedings and/or precautionary actions of third-party creditors. The Italian Bankruptcy Law provides that, should these plans fail and the debtor be declared
161
bankrupt, the payments and/or acts carried out for the implementation of the reorganization plan, subject to certain conditions (i) are not subject to clawback action and (ii) are exempted from the potential application of certain criminal sanctions. Neither ratification by the court nor publication in the Companies' Register are needed (although publication in the Companies' Register is possible upon a debtor's request and would allow to certain tax benefits).
> Court-supervisedpre-bankruptcy composition with creditors ("concordato preventivo "). A company, in a state of crisis that has not been declared bankrupt by the court, has the option to seek an arrangement with its creditors, under court supervision, in order to avoid a declaration of insolvency and the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings. Such arrangement with creditors can be sought by a company which exceeds certain thresholds (i.e., assets in an aggregate amount exceeding 0.3 million in each of the latest three fiscal years, gross revenues in an aggregate amount exceeding 0.2 million for each of the latest three fiscal years and total indebtedness in excess of 0.5 million). Only the debtor can file a petition with the court for a concordato preventivo (together with, inter alia, the proposed agreement and an independent expert report certifying the feasibility of the composition proposal and the truthfulness of the business data provided by the company). The petition for concordato preventivo is then published by the debtor in the companies' register. From the date of such publication to the date on which the court sanctions the concordato preventivo, all enforcement and interim relief actions by the creditors (whose title to enforcement arose before the filing with the court) are stayed. Preexisting creditors cannot obtain security interests (unless authorized by the court) and mortgages registered within the 90 days preceding the date on which the petition for the concordato preventivo is published in the companies' register are ineffective against such preexisting creditors. The composition proposal filed in connection with the petition may provide for: (i) the restructuring of debts and the satisfaction of creditors in any manner, including by way of example, through extraordinary transactions such as the granting to creditors and their subsidiaries or affiliated companies of shares, bonds (also convertible into shares), or other financial instruments and debt securities; (ii) the transfer to a third party who undertakes the debts ("assuntore") of the operations of the business involved in the proposed composition agreement; (iii) the division of creditors into classes; and (iv) different treatments for creditors belonging to different classes. The composition proposal may also contain a proposed tax settlement for the partial or deferred payment of certain taxes. The filing of the petition for the concordato preventivo may be preceded by the filing of a preliminary petition for a concordato preventivo. The debtor company may file such petition along with its financial statements from the latest three financial years reserving the right to submit the underlying plan, the proposal and all relevant documentation within a period assigned by the court between 60 and 120 days from the date of the filing of the preliminary petition, subject to only one possible further extension of up to 60 days, where there are reasonable grounds for such extension. In advance of such deadline, the debtor may also file a petition for the approval of a debt restructuring agreement (pursuant to Article 182-bis of the Italian Bankruptcy Law). The composition proposal may propose that (i) the debtor's company's business continues to be run by the debtor's company as a going concern, or (ii) the disposal of the business on a goingconcern basis concordato con continuita aziendale. In these cases, the petition for the concordato preventivo should fully describe the costs and revenues which are expected as a consequence of the continuation of the business as a going concern, as well as the financial resources and support which will be necessary. The report of the independent expert shall also certify that the continuation of the business is conducive to the satisfaction of creditors' claims to a greater extent than if such composition proposal was not implemented. A composition arrangement on a going-concern basis (concordato con continuita aziendale) could also contemplate a moratorium of up to one year in respect of payments to be made to secured creditors, save in case of disposals of the underlying secured assets where repayment of relevant secured claims is immediately required. Furthermore, the going concern-based arrangements with creditors can provide for, inter alia, the windingup of those assets which are not functional to the business allowed. The composition agreement may also contain a proposed tax settlement for the partial or deferred payment of certain taxes. If the court determines that the composition proposal is admissible, it appoints a judge (giudice delegato) to supervise the procedure, appoints one or more judicial officers (commissari giudiziali) and calls a creditors' meeting. During the implementation of the proposal, the company generally continues to be managed by its board of directors, but is supervised by the appointed judicial officers and judge (who shall authorize all transactions that exceed the ordinary course of business). The concordato preventivo must be approved by creditors representing a majority of claims entitled to vote (including privileged or secured creditors regarding those claims to which they have waived their right to security in relation to the procedure or that are pursuant to the recovery plan). Where different classes of creditors are formed, the concordato preventivo is approved if also the majority of classes approve it by a majority vote of the relevant creditors entitled to vote. If the proposal does not provide for classes of creditors and any objection to the implementation of the concordato preventivo is filed by at least 20% of the creditors entitled to vote or, where different classes of creditors exist, any such objection is filed by creditors belonging to a dissenting class, the court may approve the arrangement if the court believes that the creditors which have filed an opposition to the concordato preventivo will receive an amount not less than the amount they would receive under "any other practicable alternative." After the creditors' approval, the court must confirm the concordato preventivo proposal and decide on possible objections raised by dissenting creditors. During the implementation of the arrangement, the company is managed by the debtor under the surveillance of a judicial commissioner ("commissario giudiziale") appointed by the court, and under the supervision of the court. If the concordato preventivo fails, the court may
