bankrupt, the payments and/or acts carried out for the implementation of the reorganization plan, subject to certain conditions (i) are not subject to clawback action and (ii) are exempted from the potential application of certain criminal sanctions. Neither ratification by the court nor publication in the Companies' Register are needed (although publication in the Companies' Register is possible upon a debtor's request and would allow to certain tax benefits).
declare the company bankrupt.
> Extraordinary administrationfor large insolvent companies ( "amministrazione straordinaria delle grandi imprese in stato di insolvenza"). An extraordinary administration procedure applies under Italian law for large industrial and commercial enterprises (the Prodi-bis procedure). The purpose of the administration is to rescue and rehabilitate an insolvent company, in consideration of its technical, commercial, productive and employment relevance. The procedure is supervised by the Ministry of Economic Development ("Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico") (the "Ministry") and the court and is available for a debtor with at least 200 employees that has an indebtedness equal to at least two thirds of its total assets and two-thirds of its revenues
162
from sales and provision of services for the last fiscal year. The procedure may be commenced by petition of the creditors, the debtor, a court or the public prosecutor. The same rules set forth for bankruptcy proceedings with respect to existing contracts and creditors' claims largely apply to an extraordinary administration proceeding. There are two main phases: a judicial phase and an administrative phase. In the judicial phase, the court determines whether the company meets the admission criteria and whether it is insolvent. It then issues a decision to that effect and appoints a judicial commissioner (or up to three) (commissiario giudiziale) to investigate whether there are serious prospects for recovery via a business sale or reorganization. The judicial commissioner submits a report to the court (within 30 days) together with an opinion from the Ministry The court has 30 days to decide whether to admit the company to the procedure or place it into bankruptcy. Assuming that the company is admitted to the extraordinary administration procedure, the administrative phase begins and the extraordinary commissioner prepares a restructuring plan which may contain either the sale of the business as a going concern within one year (unless extended by the Ministry) (the "Disposal Plan") or a reorganization leading to the company's economic and financial recovery within two years (unless extended by the Ministry) (the "Recovery Plan"). It may also include an arrangement with creditors (e.g. debt for equity swap, issue of shares in a new company to whom the assets of the company have been transferred, etc) (concordato). The plan must be approved by the Ministry. The procedure ends upon successful completion of either a Disposal Plan or Recovery Plan, however should either plan fail, the company will be declared bankrupt.
> Industrial restructuring o f large insolvent companies ("ristrutturazione industriale di grandi imprese in stato di insolvenzd"). Introduced in 2003, the industrial restructuring of large insolvent companies is also known as the "Marzano" procedure. It is complementary to the Prodi-bis procedure and, except as otherwise provided, the same provisions apply. The purpose of the Marzano procedure is to continue the company's operations by means of restructuring its debts and selling assets which are not strategic or which do not fall within the core business of the company. The Marzano procedure, supervised by the Ministry and the court, is available for a debtor that has employed at least 500 employees for at least one year and whose aggregate indebtedness (including guarantees) is not less than 300 million. The company must show actual prospects of recovery through a financial and economic restructuring of the business that can last up to two years (extendable to a total of four years, under certain circumstances). The management of the debtor, the preparation and the implementation of the restructuring plan are conducted by an extraordinary commissioner, appointed by the Ministry. The extraordinary commissioner has 180 days (or 270 days if the Ministry so agrees) to submit a Disposal Plan or Recovery Plan. The restructuring through the Disposal Plan or the Recovery Plan must be completed within, respectively, one year (extendable to two years) and two years. If no Disposal or Recovery Plan is approved by the Ministry, the court will declare the company bankrupt and open bankruptcy proceedings.
> Bankruptcy proceedings ("fallimento ") . A request to declare a debtor bankrupt and to commence a bankruptcy proceeding for the judicial liquidation of its assets can be filed by the debtor, a creditor or a public prosecutor. The request must be approved by an insolvency court. The Italian Bankruptcy Law is applicable only to commercial enterprises (imprenditori commerciali) if certain thresholds are met (i.e., assets in an aggregate amount exceeding 0.3 million in the latest three fiscal years, gross revenues in an aggregate amount exceeding 0.2 million in the latest three fiscal years and total indebtedness in excess of 0.5 million). Upon the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding:
> subject to certain exceptions, all actions of creditors are stayed and creditors must file claims within a defined period;
> the administration of the debtor and the management of its assets pass from the debtor to the receiver ("curatore");
