> subject to certain exceptions, all actions of creditors are stayed and creditors must file claims within a defined period;
> any action by the debtor after a declaration of bankruptcy with respect to a creditor is ineffective;
> continuation of business may be authorized by the court if an interruption would cause greater damage to the company, but only if the continuation of the company's business does not cause damage to creditors; and
> the execution of certain contracts and/or transactions pending as of the date of the bankruptcy declaration are suspended until the receiver decides whether to take them over.
The bankruptcy proceeding is carried out under the direction of the receiver and under the supervision of a judge ("giudice delegato") and a creditors' committee. The bankruptcy receiver is responsible for the liquidation of the assets of the debtor for the satisfaction of creditors. The proceeds from the liquidation are distributed to the creditors whose claims have been filed and approved by the court in accordance with statutory priority. The liquidation of a debtor can take a considerable amount of time, particularly in cases where the debtor's assets include real property. The Italian Bankruptcy Law provides for priority to the payment of certain preferential creditors, including employees, the Italian treasury judicial and social authorities.
> Bankruptcy composition with creditors ("concordato fallimentare "). A bankruptcy proceeding can be terminated prior to liquidation through a bankruptcy composition with creditors. Over the first year following the bankruptcy declaration, only creditors or third parties may file a composition proposal, whereas the debtor or its subsidiaries are admitted to file such a proposal only after such period. The petition must indicate the percentage of the unsecured claims that will be paid and the timing of the repayment. The petition may provide for the division of creditors into classes (thereby proposing different treatments among the classes), and the restructuring of debts and the satisfaction of creditors in any manner. The petition may provide the possibility that the secured claims are paid only in part. A concordato fallimentare proposal must be accepted by the creditors' committee and the creditors holding the majority of claims (and, if classes are formed, by majority of claims in a majority of classes). Final court confirmation is required.
163
> Statutory priorities. The statutory priority given to creditors under the Italian Bankruptcy Law may be different than priorities in the United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European Union jurisdictions. In Italy, the highest priority claims (after the costs of the proceedings are paid) are the claims of preferential creditors, which include the claims of the Italian Tax Authority and social security administrators and claims for employee wages. The rules of statutory priority apply irrespective of whether the proceeds are derived from the sale of the entire bankrupt's estate or part thereof, or from a single asset. Article 111 of the Italian Bankruptcy Law establishes the order of allocation of proceeds deriving from liquidation shall.
Limitations on Enforcement
