In any case, it should be noted that: (i) under article 64 of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, all transactions for no consideration are ineffective vis-a-vis creditors if entered into by the debtor in the two-year period prior to the insolvency declaration, and (ii) under article 65 of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, payments of receivables falling due on the day of the insolvency declaration or thereafter are ineffective vis-a-vis creditors, if made by the bankrupt entity in the two-year period prior to insolvency.
Under Italian law, the entry into a transaction (including the creation of a security interest) by a company must be permitted by the applicable laws and by its by-laws (statuto sociale) and is subject to compliance with rules on corporate benefit and corporate authorization. If a security interest or a guarantee is being provided in the context of an acquisition, group reorganization, refinancing or restructuring, financial assistance issues may also be triggered.
Corporate Benefit
An Italian company entering into a transaction (including granting a security interest) must receive a real and adequate benefit in exchange for it. The concept of a real and adequate benefit is not specifically defined in the applicable legislation and is determined by a factual analysis on a case-by-case basis. As a general rule, corporate benefit is to be assessed at the level of the relevant company on a stand-alone basis, although upon certain circumstances and subject to specific rules the interest of the group to which such company belongs may also be taken into consideration.
As a general rule, absence of a real and adequate corporate benefit could render the transaction ultra vires and potentially affected by conflict of interest and the related corporate resolutions adopted by the shareholders and directors may be the subject matter of challenges and annulment. Civil liabilities also may be imposed on the directors of the company if it is assessed that they did not act in the interest of it and that the acts they carried out do not fall within the corporate purpose of the company or were against mandatory provisions of Italian law. The lack of corporate benefit could also lead to civil liabilities on those companies or persons ultimately exercising control over the Italian grantor or having knowingly received an advantage or profit from such improper control. Moreover, the transaction (including the security interest granted by an Italian company) could be declared null and void if the lack of corporate benefit was known or presumed to be known by the third party and such third party acted intentionally against the interest of the company.
165
In relation to security interests, while corporate benefit for a downstream security (i.e., a security granted to secure financial obligations of direct or indirect subsidiaries of the relevant grantor) can usually be easily proved, the validity and effectiveness of an upstream or cross-stream security (i.e., a security granted to secure financial obligations of the direct or indirect parent or sister companies of the relevant grantor) granted by an entity organized under the laws of Italy depend on the existence of a real and adequate benefit in exchange for the granted security interest. The general rule is that the risk assumed by an Italian grantor of security must not be disproportionate to the direct or indirect economic benefit received. Financial Assistance Save for specific exceptions, it is unlawful under Italian laws for a company to give financial assistance (whether by means of loans, security, guarantees or otherwise) to support the acquisition or subscription by a third party of its own shares or quotas or those of any entity that (directly or indirectly) controls the Italian company, and any loan, guarantee or security given or granted in breach of these provisions is null and void. Financial assistance to refinance indebtedness incurred by a company to purchase or subscribe for its own shares or quotes or those of its direct or indirect parent company might also be considered as falling within the scope of Italian financial assistance provisions.
166
Listing and general information
