166
LISTING Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for trading on the Euro MTF Market in accordance with the rules of that exchange. All notices to holders of the Notes, including any notice of any additional redemption, change of control or any change in the rate of interest payable on the Notes will be published in a Luxembourg daily newspaper of general circulation (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the same manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals, authorizations or other orders for the issue of the Notes and other documents to be entered into by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Notes in Luxembourg.
This Offering Memorandum may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.
For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for trading on the Euro MTF Market, copies of the following documents may be inspected and obtained at the specified office of the listing agent in Luxembourg during normal business hours on any weekday: > the organizational documents of the Issuer and Guarantors; > the most recent annual and interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, which are available quarterly; > the Indenture governing the Notes (which includes the form of the Notes) and the Guarantee; > the purchase agreement relating to the Notes; and > the relevant security documents.
The Issuer will maintain a paying and transfer agent in Luxembourg for as long as any of the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for trading on the Euro MTF Market. Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. has been appointed paying and listing agent. The Issuer and the Guarantors reserve the right to change this appointment and the Issuer will publish notice of such change of appointment in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, to the extent and in the same manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
So long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for trading on the Euro MTF Market, the Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
CLEARING INFORMATION The Notes sold pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act and the Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of Euroclear and Clearstream under common codes 092600505 and 092819248, respectively. The international securities identification number for the Notes sold pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act is XS0926005058 and the international securities identification number for the Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act is XS0928192482.
LEGAL INFORMATION Sanitec Oyj is a public limited liability company organized under the laws of Finland, and it was incorporated on March 25, 2005. It is registered in the commercial register kept by the National Board of Patents and Registration of Finland under business identity code 1955115-2 and the address of its registered office is Kaupintie 2, FI-00440 Helsinki, Finland. On April 29, 2013 the Board of Directors of Sanitec Oyj approved the issuance of the bond.
