The parent company of Sanitec Corporation is Sofia IV S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg which, in turn, is fully owned by Sofia III S.a r.l. The parent company of Sofia III S.a r.l. is Sofia II S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg and the ultimate parent company of the Group is Sofia I S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg.
Board of Directors During the financial period, the members of the Board of the Directors of Sanitec Corporation have been:
Fredrik Cappelen, Chairman Adrian Barden, member Caspar Callerstrom, member Pekka Lettijeff, member Ulf Mattsson, member Jussi Nyrola, deputy member
President and CEO During the financial period, the president and CEO of Sanitec Corporation has been Peter Nilsson.
Auditor KPMG Oy Ab with APA Virpi Halonen as the auditor in charge was elected as the auditors of Sanitec Corporation by the annual general meeting of shareholders.
SHARES There is one series of shares and they all have equal voting rights and similar rights to the dividends. The shares carry no nominal value. The par value of the shares in accounting is 1.0 per share and the total amount of shares is 1,000,000. The fully paid, registered share capital of Sanitec Corporation is 2,813,142.66.
RISKS AND BUSINESS UNCERTAINTIES In the process of production, distribution, sales and marketing of sanitary ceramics and complementary ceramics products the Group is subject to customary market risks, which relate to the supply of materials, demand of products, competition, financial risks, legal environment and other such factors beyond the control of the Group. The management of the Group actively monitors and evaluates such factors to mitigate the risks and to respond appropriately when required.
OUTLOOK FOR 2013 The macroeconomic uncertainties emerging during the third quarter 2011 continued throughout 2012 with varying impacts in different European markets. The challenges experienced by the financial markets in Europe are creating continued uncertainty in the market and it is difficult to estimate what the direct and indirect implications of this will be.
The net sales are not expected to substantially increase in the financial period 2013. The management of the Group has continued to address necessary actions to improve profitability, reduce costs and improve cash flow.
