Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group's entity are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which that entity operates (the functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented in euro, which is the Parent Company's functional currency. The presentation is in millions of euro.
The consolidated financial statements include the parent company and its subsidiaries. In these companies, the parent company holds, on the basis of its shareholdings, more than half of the voting rights directly or through its subsidiaries, or otherwise exercises control.
The companies acquired or established during the financial period have been consolidated from the date, when the Group acquired control. Subsidiaries divested have been included up to the date when the Group lost control. Subsidiaries are consolidated using the acquisition method, according to which the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired companies are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition. If the control is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date and any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognized in profit or loss.
The purchase price less the acquired net identifiable assets and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill in the balance sheet. If the purchase price is lower than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recorded in profit or loss. The transaction costs relating to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Acquisitions of non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries that are consolidated in Sanitec Group are accounted for using the proportionate share of ownership method.
Associated companies in which Sanitec has voting rights between 20% and 50% and in which it has significant influence but not control, are consolidated by using the equity method. When Group's share of losses exceeds the carrying amount of the associate, the carrying amount is reduced to nil and no further losses are recognized, unless the Group has legal or constructive obligations or it has made payments on behalf of the associate.
All intra-group transactions, receivables, liabilities, unrealized gains between Group companies and distribution of profits within the Group are eliminated in consolidation. Profit for the period is attributable to the owners of the parent company and to the non-controlling interests. Non-controlling interests are presented as a separate item within the equity.
F-13
Use of estimates in the preparation o f the consolidated financial statements
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the Group's management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the carrying amount of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment; valuation allowances for receivables, inventories and deferred income tax assets; provisions for restructuring of operations; valuation of derivative instruments; and assets and obligations related to employee benefits.
