Use of estimates in the preparation o f the consolidated financial statements
These estimates and assumptions form the basis for judgments of the items in the consolidated financial statements. They are based on historical experience and other justified assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances at the end of the reporting period. Development of general economic situation and markets in which the Group operates may affect the variables underlying the estimates and assumptions. Actual results could therefore differ significantly from those estimates.
Translation of foreign currency items
Transactions in the foreign currencies are translated using the rates of exchange prevailing at the date of transaction. At the end of the financial period monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are valued at the rates prevailing at the reporting date. Exchange gains and losses arising from the transactions in foreign currencies and translation of monetary items are recognized in the profit or loss, except when deferred in other comprehensive income as qualifying cash flow hedges.
On consolidation, the statements of comprehensive income of the foreign subsidiaries are translated into Euros by using the average exchange rate for the accounting period. The balance sheets are translated at the year-end exchange rate. Differences resulting from the translation of profit or loss statement and balance sheet are recorded in the other comprehensive income as translation differences and included under translation differences in equity.
Operating segments
Sanitec Group has only one segment and does not report any segment information in the consolidated financial statements. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the one operating segment, has been identified as President and CEO that makes strategic decisions.
Revenue recognition
The Group recognizes revenue from product sales, when the customer takes the ownership and risk and rewards. As a principal rule revenue recognition takes place at the date of delivery according to the delivery terms agreed between the customer and the Group. Net sales consist of the gross sales revenues reduced by indirect sales taxes and sales discounts. The Group estimates and records provisions for cash discounts, quantity rebates, sales returns and allowances in the period the sale is reported based on agreements and experience.
