Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with the related conditions. Government grants are related mainly to the investments in property, plant and equipment. These grants are deferred in the balance sheet and recognized in the income statement concurrently with the expenses they compensate.
Other operating income includes income from activities outside ordinary business, such as rental income and gains and losses from the sale of fixed assets and other long-term investments.
Other operating expenses include expenses not directly related to production, such as expenses for marketing efforts, research and development, if not capitalized, and other expenses related to general administration. Additionally, losses from the disposal of fixed assets and other long-term investments are included within other operating expenses.
Goodwill and intangible assets
The goodwill arising on a business combination results from the excess of acquisition cost over net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities. Goodwill is allocated to cash generating units and tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs to sell. Any impairment is recognized immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.
Other intangible assets consist of patents and copyrights, trademark and licenses having a finite life, and software. These are measured at historical costs and amortized using the straight-line method over their useful lives. Other separately identifiable intangible assets are recognized in the balance sheet only, if it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the entity and the value of the asset can be measured reliably. The amortization period of intangible assets is 3-10 years.
Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life such as trademarks or brand names acquired in business combinations are not amortized but they are tested at least annually for impairment. At the balance sheet date Sanitec did not have any intangible assets with indefinite useful life.
Research and development costs are normally expensed as other operating expenses for the financial year they incur. If the criteria for commercial and technical feasibility in accordance with IAS 38 have been met, development costs are capitalized and amortized during the expected economic life of the underlying technology.
Property, plant and equipment
