F-15
Subsequent improvement costs related to an asset are included in the carrying value of such asset or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when future economic benefits associated with the costs are probable and the related costs can be separated from normal maintenance costs. Regular maintenance costs are recognized as expenses for the period.
Gains and losses on sales and disposals are included in other operating income and in other operating expenses.
Im pairm ent o f non-financial assets
Intangible assets with indefinite life are not subject to depreciation but are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to depreciation are reviewed for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized whenever the carrying amount of assets or cash-generating unit (the lowest asset level for which there are separately identifiable cash flows) exceeds the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is determined by reference to discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.
Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. Impairment loss recognized in respect of cash generating units is first allocated to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to cash generating units and then to reduce the carrying amount of other assets in the group of units on pro rata basis.
In respect of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets excluding goodwill, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indication that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is only reversed to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, if no impairment loss had been recognized. An impairment loss relating to goodwill is never reversed.
Leasing agreements
Leasing agreements are classified either as operating leases or finance leases. Leases of property, plant and equipment, where significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to Sanitec are classified as finance leases. Finance leases are recognized as assets and liabilities in the balance sheet at commencement of lease term at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Lease payments under finance leases are divided into interest expense and installment payment of liability. Property, plant and equipment under finance leases are depreciated over the useful life of the asset or over the lease period, if shorter. At the balance sheet date Sanitec did not have any leasing agreements that should be classified as finance leases.
