Financial assets at the fair value through profit or loss contain liquid instruments such as commercial papers and derivative assets that do not qualify as hedges in accordance with IAS 39 hedge accounting.
Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other categories. Changes in the fair value of the assets in this category are recognized in the other comprehensive income until the asset is divested or sold, at which time the changes in the fair value are transferred to profit or loss.
Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
Derivative contracts are initially recognized at fair value and continue to be measured at fair value thereafter. Gains and losses arising from measurement at fair value are treated in the accounts in the manner determined by the purpose of the derivative contracts.
When derivative contracts are entered into, the Group designates them as either hedges of the exposure to changes in the fair value of recognized assets or liabilities (fair value hedges), hedges of forecast transactions or firm commitments (cash flow hedges), hedges of net investments in foreign entities or as derivative financial instruments not meeting the hedge accounting criteria in accordance with IAS 39. In the financial periods 2012 and 2011, the group had no hedging in respect of net investments made in foreign entities.
Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as fair value hedges, and which are highly effective, are recorded in the Income Statement, along with any changes in the fair value of the hedged assets or liabilities attributable to the hedged risk.
Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges, and which are effective, are recognized in the fair value reserve within equity, the movements of which reserve are disclosed in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. The cumulative gain or loss of a derivative deferred in equity is transferred to the Income Statement and classified as income or expense in the same period in which the hedged item affects the Income Statement.
When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or no long qualifies for hedge accounting, the cumulative gain or loss remains in equity until the forecast transaction is realized. However, if the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss accrued in equity is recognized in the income statement.
Derivatives other than those qualifying for hedge accounting belong to the category Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit and loss, for which changes in fair value are recorded in full in the income statement.
