Borrowing costs
Pensions and other post-employment obligations
The Group has several different pension plans in accordance with local conditions and practices where it operates. The plans are generally funded through payments to insurance companies.
Pension plans are classified as defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans. Payments to defined contribution plans are reported in the income statement as part of personnel expenses in the period, in which employees perform the services providing the entitlement to the respective contributions. The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further compensations, if the pension fund has not adequate assets to pay the employees the benefits in question. All the pension plans that do not meet the above criteria are classified as defined benefit plans.
The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The liability recognized in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit plans is the present value of defined benefit obligation at the balance sheet date less the fair value of plan assets, combined with adjustments for unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and past service cost. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension obligation.
Past service costs are charged immediately to the income statement to the extent that the benefits have vested, and are otherwise recognized on a straight-line basis over the average period until the benefits vest. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments, changes in actuarial assumptions and amendments to plans are recognized through OCI in shareholders' equity.
Some Group companies may provide other post-employment benefits. The expected costs of these benefits are accrued over the period of employment using the same accounting methodology as used for defined benefit pension plans.
Share-based payments
Sanitec has no share-based payments as defined in IFRS 2 during the financial years reported in these consolidated financial statements.
