Provisions are recognized in the balance sheet, if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, and that it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.
The Group's warranty policy provides for coverage of certain products at the date the sale is recorded. The estimated liability is included as a current provision. Changes in the warranty liability are charged against earnings for the period.
Current and deferred income taxes
The tax expense for the period consists of current and deferred taxes. Tax is recognized in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. Current tax on taxable income for the period is determined using the tax rates enacted or which substantially enacted in each country at the end of the report period / at the balance sheet date in the countries where the parent company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized on all temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill; deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. The amount and probability of the utilization of a tax asset are reviewed at the end of each report period. Management establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities. Deferred taxes are measured based on the tax rates enacted or which substantially enacted by the end of the report period /at the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
Deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset against each other only when the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts, and the deferred tax asset and tax liability relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority.
Equity and dividends
Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
