The Group has not yet adopted the following new and amended standards and interpretations already issued by the IASB. The Group will adopt them as of the effective date or, if the is other than the first day of the financial year, from the beginning of the subsequent financial year.
Amendment to IAS 19 `Employee benefits' (effective for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2013). These amendments eliminates the corridor approach and calculate finance costs on a net funding basis. The Group has not applied the corridor approach.
IFRS 13 `Fair value measurement' (effective for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2013). The new standard provides a precise definition of fair value and a single source of fair value measurement and disclosure requirements. The usage of fair value accounting is not extended by the standard but more guidance is provided for the application of fair value accounting where its use is already required or permitted according to other IFRS standards.
Annual improvements to IFRSs 2011 (May 2012) (mainly effective for the financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2013). The amendments are related in total to six issues in the 2009-2011 reporting cycle. Their impacts vary standard by standard but are not significant to the Group.
Amendments to IFRS 7 'Financial instruments: Disclosures' (effective for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2013), on asset and liability offsetting. The amendment includes new disclosures facilitating the comparison between companies preparing financial statements under IFRS and under US GAAP.
IFRS 10 `Consolidated financial statements' and subsequent amendments (effective in the EU for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2014). The standard defines principles of control and the application of the principle of control, when establishing the principles for presentation and preparation of consolidated financial statements. The standard also sets out the accounting requirements for the preparation of consolidated financial statements.
IFRS 11 `Joint arrangements' and subsequent amendments, (effective in the EU for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2014). Joint arrangements are defined into two types focusing on the rights and obligations of the parties rather than the legal form of the arrangement. Proportional consolidation of the joint ventures is no longer allowed.
IFRS 12 `Disclosures of interests in other entities' and subsequent amendments (effective in the EU for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2014). The standard includes disclosure requirements for all forms of interests in other entities, including joint arrangements, associates, special purpose vehicles and other off balance sheet vehicles.
IAS 28 (revised 2011) `Associated and joint ventures' and subsequent amendments (effective in the EU for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2014) includes the requirements for associates and joint ventures that have to be equity accounted following the issuance of IFRS 11.
