IFRS 12 `Disclosures of interests in other entities' and subsequent amendments (effective in the EU for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2014). The standard includes disclosure requirements for all forms of interests in other entities, including joint arrangements, associates, special purpose vehicles and other off balance sheet vehicles.
F-20
Amendment to IAS 32 `Financial instruments: Presentation' (effective in the EU for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2014), on asset and liability offsetting. Amendments clarify some of the requirements for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities on the balance sheet.
IFRS 9 `Financial Instruments' (effective from 1 January 2015 not yet adopted by EU). This standard is a part of a wider project to replace IAS 39. IFRS 9 retains but simplifies the mixed measurement model and establishes two primary measurement categories for financial assets: amortised cost and fair value. The basis of classification depends on the entity's business model and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. The guidance in IAS 39 on impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting continues to apply.
2. ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
The Sanitec Group has continued to simplify the legal Group structure to align the structure with commercial structure, reduce complexity and improve efficiency in the administrative processes in 2012. In connection therewith, the Group completed the liquidations of Scandi-Aqualine A/S and Koralle Poland Sp. Z o.o. as well as divestment of Leda S.A.S. in 2012.
On 21st June 2011 the Group acquired the remaining 49 percent of participation interest in Slavuta Holding LLC, a parent company of a Ukrainian ceramic product manufacturer PJSC Slavuta Plant "Budfarfor" and Slavuta Trading LLC. The purchase increased the Group's ownership in Slavuta Holding LLC from 51 percent to 100 percent. The value of non-controlling interests in Slavuta Holding LLC before acquisition totaled to 0.6 million. Acquisition cost, which exceeds the value of the non controlling interests in the balance sheet at the time of transaction, was recognized directly as deduction of equity.
Impact of business disposals on Group's assets and liabilities: (All amounts in  millions)
As at
