Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
Wilmington Trust (London) Limited.
12
Summary financial and other information
The tables below set forth the following summary consolidated income statement, balance sheet and cash flow information of the Issuer as of and for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 (derived from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements).
The summary consolidated income statement, balance sheet and cash flow information for the Issuer set forth below as of and for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, prepared in accordance with IFRS and included elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. Financial information included herein for the year ended December 31, 2010 is derived from information in the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2011 and has not been separately audited.
The historical results of the Issuer and its subsidiaries may not be indicative of our future results following consummation of the Offering.
The summary unaudited pro forma condensed financial information table below provides certain financial information on an as adjusted basis to give effect to the issuance of the Notes offered hereby and the application of the net proceeds thereof as described in "Use o fproceeds." The Issuer's unaudited pro forma condensed balance sheet data as of December 31, 2012 has been prepared as though the Offering had occurred as of December 31, 2012. The Issuer's unaudited consolidated pro forma financial data for the year ended December 31, 2012 has been prepared as though the Offering had occurred as of January 1, 2012. The unaudited financial data has not been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-X of the U.S. Securities Act, the Prospectus Directive or any generally accepted accounting standards. Neither the assumptions underlying the pro forma adjustments nor the resulting pro forma financial information have been audited or reviewed in accordance with any generally accepted auditing standards.
