Credit risk
Non-financial counterparty risk, i.e. counterparty risk related to customers, is reduced by Group companies, by applying a credit policy, constant monitoring of receivables aging and by credit insurance. Further analysis on aging of trade receivables is presented under note 12 other current receivables.
Currency risk
Foreign exchange risk is regarded as uncertainty of cash flows and earnings that arises from fluctuations in currency rates. The Group looks at the foreign exchange risks from three angles: transaction risk related to cash flows in other than functional currencies, translation risk related foreign exchange risk associated with consolidation of the Group, and the economic risk related to changes in competitive environment as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates.
Transaction exposure comprises of those foreign exchange exposures that are identified, and that would be affected by future exchange rate movements and have an effect to profit or loss statement. Transaction exposure is defined as all anticipated other than functional currency cash flows during the next 12 months. The Group hedges itself against these risks by matching the foreign currency cash flows to the extent possible and hedging the remaining part with currency derivatives in accordance with Treasury Policy.
F-30
Transaction exposure is spread in about 10 currencies and at the reporting date the biggest open exposures were SEK, NOK, UAH, RUB and DKK.
The foreign exchange risk sensitivity analysis according to IFRS 7 for the most important currency pairs has been calculated for the Group's foreign currency nominated financial assets and liabilities, including foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding at the reporting date. The foreign exchange risk sensitivity analysis represents the impact of a change in the foreign exchange rates of 10 percent to the statement of income and to the equity on the balance sheet date. Changes in the fair value reserve are caused by change in value of foreign exchange forwards designated as cash flow hedges. The effects of 10% appreciation in the most significant currency pairs on profit or loss statement and equity are presented in the tables below. The sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that two months of the 12 months forecasted foreign exchange exposure is recognized in balance sheet.
As at December 31, 2012
