-3.4
In case the employment agreements are terminated by the employers, all top management employees with some exception are entitled to at least 12 months' severance pay. Majority of management are bound by non-compete and non-solicit (with respect to customers and other employees) obligations during 12 months after the cessation of their respective employments. The non-compete provisions do not contain any express provision on compensation during the non-compete period.
There are no loans given to or pledges or other commitments given on behalf of the board of directors or Group management as at December 31, 2012.
The Group CEO and other members of the Group management team have a right to retire according to the local legislations.
25. LEGAL AND REGULATORY PROCEEDINGS
The European Commission announced its decision to impose a fine for the alleged participation in a price fixing cartel and anticompetitive practices by 17 European bathroom fittings and fixtures manufacturers in 2010. The Group was fined 57.7 million in aggregate, which was paid in full in 2010. The Group has appealed the decision and level of fines imposed. The appeal process is currently pending and under consideration by the court of appeal.
A group of former employees of a French member of the Group are disputing their termination compensation and claiming 7.1 million in additional compensation for past redundancies. The matter is ongoing at the labor court.
Eurocer Industria de Sanitarios S.A. and certain directors of the company are charged for an investigation process by the Portuguese tax and customs authorities resulting from alleged omissions in respect of social security and tax contributions by a service provider company contracted by Eurocer S.A. during 2007-2011. Investigation is so far secret, and no official charges exist.
The Group is subject to local tax audits and re-assessment and related proceedings from time to time. The German tax audit for financial years 2001-2006 completed in December 2012 resulted additional net tax of 7.0 million payable by the Group for which the group had set up a provision. In Italy, the Group is in process of appealing against various material reassessments issued by the local tax authorities for financial years 2004-2007. In Ukraine, decisions and assessments of local tax authorities are contested and appealed by the Group continuously.
