Review of the Board of the Directors
The parent company of the Group, Sanitec Oy (`Sanitec Corporation' in the following), originally registered in Finland on March 25, 2005, and certain other holding companies were established by the private equity fund EQT IV in order to acquire the shares in Sanitec Europe Corporation. In the transaction closed on April 11, 2005, the ownership of Sanitec Europe Corporation and all the subsidiaries of Sanitec Group were transferred from Sanitec International S.A., the previous parent company of the Group, to the holding companies controlled by Sanitec Corporation. Through this transaction all the operations of Sanitec Group were sold to EQT IV.
The parent company of Sanitec Corporation is Sofia IV S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg. Sofia III S.a r.l. fully owns Sofia IV S.a r.l. The parent company of Sofia III S.a r.l. is Sofia II S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg. The ultimate parent company of the Group is Sofia I S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg, and indirectly owned by the private equity fund EQT IV and management (77.5%) and a lender consortium (22.5 %).
Sofia I S.a r.l. is owned by Sofia Limited Partners which is registered in the Great Britain. Sofia Limited Partners, in turn, is owned by two companies registered in Guernsey and the senior creditors and second lien lenders of the previous financing structure of the Sanitec Group. The Guernsey companies are owned by EQT IV fund.
In July 8th, 2009 Sofia IV S.a r.l. acquired the shares of Sanitec Corporation. In connection with the acquisition, Sofia IV S.a r.l. bought the senior loans, the second lien loans, the shareholder loans and the interest rate swap liabilities from the lenders of Sanitec Group and from the holding companies controlled by EQT IV fund and Sofia III S.a r.l. issued new senior loans with face value of 300 million to the lenders. Also the parent company of Sofia III S.a r.l. injected 115.0 million of share capital and convertible preferred equity certificates to the Sofia III Group.
On 21st June 2011 Sanitec Group has come to an agreement to acquire the remaining 49 percent of shares of Slavuta Holding LLC. The purchase increases Sanitec's ownership of Slavuta Holding from 51 percent to 100 percent of the shares.
During the financial year 2011 Sanitec Service GmbH was merged to Allia Holding GmbH, Sphinx Bathrooms Belgium merged to B.V. " De Sphinx" Maastricht, Sanitec Italia Spa merged to Sanitec Holding Italy Spa, Ifo Sanitar A/S was merged to Porsgrund Bad A/S and Badrum AB was merged to Ifo Sanitar AB. Porsgrund Oy was liquidated to IDO Bathroom Ltd and Keramag Vertriebsgesellschaft, Austria, Keramag Nederland N.V. and Keramag Belgium N.V. were liquidated to Keramag Keramische Werke AG. Sanitec Kolo Sp.Z.o.o. was merged to Sanitec Holding Poland Sp.Z.o.o., which changed the name to Sanitec Kolo Sp.Z.o.o.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Net sales of the Group were 770.8 million during the financial year 2011 (777.3 million during the financial year 2010). Net sales of Central Europe and Benelux amounted to 219.2 million (200.1 million), North Europe 180.0 million (191.7 million) and South Europe 163.4 million (172.0 million). Sales for other regions including export sales amounted to 208.2 million (213.5 million). Other operating income related mainly to transports costs charged from customers.
