1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES Description o f business Sanitec Corporation (the "Parent Company" ) and its subsidiaries form a multinational group (" Sanitec" or the " Group" ) engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing of bathroom ceramics, bath and shower products and bathroom furniture. The Group's production plants are situated in Europe and the sales and marketing network operates globally.
These financial statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on June 29, 2012.
First-time adoption of IFRS standards These are the Group's first consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.
The accounting policies introduced in this note have been applied in preparing the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2011, the comparative information presented in these financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2010 and in the preparation of an opening IFRS balance sheet at January 1, 2010 (the Group's date of transition). In these financial statements Sanitec > applied the same accounting policies throughout the periods presented > retrospectively applied all effective IFRS standards as of December 31, 2011 as required; and > applied certain optional and certain mandatory exceptions as applicable for the first-time IFRS
adopters.
Set out below are the applicable IFRS 1 exemptions and exceptions applied in the first consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.
IFRS exemption options Exemption fo r business combinations IFRS 1 provides the option to apply IFRS 3 Business combinations, prospectively from the transition date or from a specific date prior to the transition date. This provides relief from full retrospective application that would require restatement of all business combinations prior to the transition date. Sanitec elected to apply IFRS 3 prospectively to business combinations occurring after its transition date (January 1, 2010). Business combinations occurred prior to transition date have not been restated.
Exemption for employee benefits IFRS 1 provides retrospective relief from applying IAS 19, `Employee benefits', for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses. In line with the exemption, the group elected to recognize all cumulative actuarial gains and losses that existed at its transition date in opening retained earnings for all its employee benefit plans.
The rem aining exemptions The remaining voluntary exemptions do not apply to Sanitec. These are the following: > Insurance contracts (IFRS 4), share-based payments (IFRS 2) and leases (IFRIC 4), as such
