c. The requirements in IAS 27.34-37 for accounting for a loss of control over subsidiary.
Basis of presentation
a) These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the EU and SIC/IFRIC interpretations as applicable on 31 December, 2011.
b) No consolidated financial statements have been prepared at the Sanitec Corporation level in prior financial years. Sanitec Corporation has been reported as part of its parent company Sofia I S.a r.l. consolidated financial statements according to generally accepted accounting standards in Luxemburg.
The financial statements are prepared under historical cost convention except for the financial liabilities and assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss, available-for-sale investments and assets and liabilities classified as held-for-sale in accordance with IFRS 5 at the closing date.
Principles of consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the parent company and its subsidiaries. In these companies, the parent company holds, on the basis of its shareholdings, more than half of the voting rights directly or through its subsidiaries, or otherwise exercises control.
The companies acquired during the financial period have been consolidated from the date, when Sanitec acquired control. Subsidiaries divested have been included up to their date of losing control. Subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method, according to which the assets and liabilities of the purchased companies are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition. The purchase price less the acquired net assets is recorded as goodwill in the balance sheet. The transaction costs relating to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Acquisitions of non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries that are consolidated in Sanitec Group are accounted for using the proportionate share of ownership method.
F-55
Associated companies in which Sanitec has voting rights between 20% and 50% and in which it has significant influence but not control over the financial and operating policies, are consolidated by using the equity method. When Group's share of losses exceeds the carrying amount of the associate, the carrying amount is reduced to nil and no further losses are recognized, unless it has legal or constructive obligations or it has made payments on behalf of the associate. At the financial year-end date Sanitec Group consisted of 50 subsidiaries and had no investments in associated companies or joint ventures.
