On consolidation, the profit or loss statements of the foreign subsidiaries are translated into Euros by using the average exchange rate for the accounting period. The balance sheets are translated at the yearend exchange rate. Differences resulting from the translation of profit or loss statement and balance sheets are recorded in the other comprehensive income as translation differences.
Financial instruments are classified in accordance with the IAS 39 to the following groups: financial assets at the fair value through profit or loss, available-for-sale financial assets and loans and receivables. Sanitec has no held-to-maturity investments as of the financial year-end date.
Financial assets at the fair value through profit or loss contain liquid instruments such as commercial papers and derivative assets that do not qualify as hedges in accordance with IAS 39 hedge accounting.
Loans and receivables are non-derivative assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. In Sanitec this group contains trade receivables and other loan receivables arising from commercial operations and other current investments such as bank deposits. These items are reported as current or non-current in the balance sheet depending on their maturity. All items in this class are originally measured at cost and provisions for impairments are established, where there is objective evidence that Sanitec cannot collect all amounts due according to the original terms of loans and receivables.
Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other categories. Changes in the fair value of the assets in this category are recognized in the other comprehensive income until the asset is divested or sold, at which time the changes in the fair value are transferred to profit or loss.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other highly liquid short-term investments with original maturity of three months or less.
F-56
Borrowings
