Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized on all temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill; deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. The amount and probability of the utilization of a tax asset are reviewed at the end of each report period. Management establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities. Deferred taxes are measured based on the tax rates enacted or which substantially enacted by the end of the report period /at the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
Deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset against each other only when the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts, and the deferred tax asset and tax liability relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority.
Equity and dividends
Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
Dividends proposed by the Board of Directors are not recorded in the financial statements until the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting have approved them. Sanitec Group or the parent company do not hold treasury shares, nor is the Board of Directors authorized to acquire them.
Revenue recognition
The Group recognizes revenue from product sales, when the customer takes the ownership and risk and rewards. As a principal rule revenue recognition takes place at the date of delivery according to the delivery terms agreed between the customer and Sanitec. Net sales consist of the gross sales revenues reduced by indirect sales taxes and sales discounts. The Group estimates and records provisions for cash discounts, quantity rebates, sales returns and allowances in the period the sale is reported based on experience.
Revenues from the rendering of maintenance services and repairs are recognized when the services have been rendered or the work has been carried out.
