The Group recognizes revenue from product sales, when the customer takes the ownership and risk and rewards. As a principal rule revenue recognition takes place at the date of delivery according to the delivery terms agreed between the customer and Sanitec. Net sales consist of the gross sales revenues reduced by indirect sales taxes and sales discounts. The Group estimates and records provisions for cash discounts, quantity rebates, sales returns and allowances in the period the sale is reported based on experience.
Operating profit
The Group has defined operating profit as follows: operating profit is the revenue added with other operating income less materials and services, employee benefits, production for own use, other operating expenses, and depreciation, amortization and impairment losses.
Operating profit includes those exchange rate gains and losses that are related to the operative activities of the Group. Financing related exchange rate gains and losses are reported under financial income and expenses.
Government grants
Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with the related conditions. Government grants are related mainly to the investments in property, plant and equipment. These grants are deferred in the balance sheet and recognized in the income statement concurrently with the expenses they compensate.
Other operating income and expenses
Other operating income includes income from activities outside ordinary business, such as rental income and gains and losses from the sale of fixed assets and other long-term investments.
Other operating expenses include expenses not directly related to production, such as expenses for marketing efforts, research and development, if not capitalized, and other expenses related to general administration. Additionally, losses from the disposal of fixed assets and other long-term investments are included within other operating expenses.
