Other operating income includes income from activities outside ordinary business, such as rental income and gains and losses from the sale of fixed assets and other long-term investments.
F-60
Use of estimates in the preparation o f the consolidated financial statements
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the Group's management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the carrying amount of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment; valuation allowances for receivables, inventories and deferred income tax assets; provisions for restructuring of operations; valuation of derivative instruments; and assets and obligations related to employee benefits. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Adoption o f new IFRS standards and amendments
Sanitec Group has adopted the following new standards and interpretations as from January 1, 2011:
Improvements to IFRS (May 2010) (mainly effective for the financial years that started on January 1, 2011 or later). The amendments are related in total to seven standards. The improvements mostly address matters of details that have not got a significant impact in practice on preparation of Sanitec Corporation's consolidated financial statements.
Amendments to IAS 24 Related party disclosures (effective for the financial year started on January 1, 2011). These amendments provide partial exemptions for government-related entities and thus are not affecting the preparation of financial statements. The amendment has not significant impact in practice on preparation of Sanitec Corporation's consolidated financial statements.
Amendments to IFRIC 14 The limit on a defined benefit asset, minimum funding requirements and their interaction (effective for the financial year started on January 1, 2011). The amendments apply when an entity is subject to minimum funding requirements and makes an early payment of contributions to cover those requirements, permitting the benefit of such an early payment to be recognized as an asset. The amendment has not impact in practice on preparation of Sanitec Corporation's consolidated financial statements.
