Amendments to IAS 24 Related party disclosures (effective for the financial year started on January 1, 2011). These amendments provide partial exemptions for government-related entities and thus are not affecting the preparation of financial statements. The amendment has not significant impact in practice on preparation of Sanitec Corporation's consolidated financial statements.
Amendment to IFRS 1 First-time adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards (effective for the financial year started on July 1, 2010). The amendment provides the same relief to first-time adopters as was given to current users of IFRSs upon adoption of the amendments to IFRS 7. Also clarifies the transition provisions of the amendments to IFRS 7. Sanitec Corporation has applied as first-time IFRS adopter the amendment in preparation of consolidated financial statements.
IFRIC 19 Extinguishing Financial liabilities with equity instruments (effective for the financial year started on July 1, 2010). Requires the extinguishment of a financial liability by the issue of equity instruments to be measured at fair value with the difference between the fair value of the instrument issued and the carrying value of the liability extinguished being recognized in profit or loss. The amendment has not significant impact in practice on preparation of Sanitec Corporation's consolidated financial statements.
Amendment to IAS 32 Financial instruments - Presentation -classification of rights issues. Allows right, options or warrants to acquire a fixed number of the entity's own equity instruments for a fixed amount of any currency to be classified as equity instruments provided the entity offers the rights, options or warrants pro rata to all of its existing owners of the same class of its own non-derivative equity instruments. The amendment has not impact in practice on preparation of Sanitec Corporation's consolidated financial statements.
Application o f new and revised IFRS's and IFRIC interpretations
The IASB has published the following standards or interpretations that are not yet effective and that Sanitec has not yet adopted. Sanitec will adopt them as from their effective dates, if the effective date is the same as the beginning of the financial year, or if the effective date is different, they will be adopted as from the beginning of the following financial year.
F-61
IFRS 7 (amendment) "Financial instruments: Disclosures" (effective from 1 July 2011). The amendment requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures relating to transfers of financial assets. This amendment does not have any material impact on financial reporting of Sanitec Group. The amendment has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IFRS 7 (amendment) "Financial instruments: Disclosures" (effective from 1 January 2013). The IASB and the FASB issued common disclosure requirements that are intended to help investors and other financial statement users to better assess the effect or potential effect of offsetting arrangements on a company's financial position. This amendment does not have any material impact on financial reporting of Sanitec Group. The amendment has not yet been endorsed by EU.
