IFRS 7 (amendment) "Financial instruments: Disclosures" (effective from 1 July 2011). The amendment requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures relating to transfers of financial assets. This amendment does not have any material impact on financial reporting of Sanitec Group. The amendment has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IAS 32 (amendment) "Financial instruments: Presentation" (effective from 1 January 2014). The amendments O ffsettin g F in an cial A ssets a n d F in an cial L iab ilities address inconsistencies in current practice when applying the offsetting criteria in IAS 32. This amendment does not have any material impact on financial reporting of Sanitec Group. The amendment has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IAS 1 "Presentation of items of other comprehensive income" (amendment to IAS1) (effective from 1 July 2012). The amendment changes the grouping of items presented in OCI. Items that would be reclassified to profit or loss at a future point in time would be presented separately from items that will never be reclassified. The amendment has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IAS19 (amendment) "Employee benefits" (effective from 1 January 2011). The impact will be as follows: to eliminate the corridor approach and recognise all actuarial gains and losses in OCI as they occur; to immediately recognise all past service costs; and to replace interest cost and expected return on plan assets with a net interest amount that is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability (asset). Sanitec Group is yet to assess the full impact of the amendment. The amendment has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments" (effective from 1 January 2015). This standard is a part of a wider project to replace IAS 39 and the later phases will be issued mainly during 2010. New standard provides guidance in respect of classification and measurement of financial instruments. Later phases relate to impairment of financial instruments and hedge accounting. In estimation of Sanitec Group, this standard will not have any material impact on valuation of financial instruments of the Group compared with present IAS 39 but will have some effect on presentation of financial instruments of the Group. This standard has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IFRS 10 " Consolidated financial statements" builds on existing principles by identifying the concept of control as the determining factor in whether the entity should be included within the consolidated financial statemenst of the parent company. The change will not have any material impact on financial reporting of Sanitec Group. The amendment has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IFRS 11 "Joint arrangements" (effective from 1 January 2013). The change will not have any material impact on financial reporting of Sanitec Group. The amendment has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IFRS 12 "Disclosures of interest in other entities" (effective from 1 January 2013). The standard includes the disclosure requirements for all forms of interests in other entities, including joint arrangements, associates and/or structured entities. This standard has not yet been endorsed by EU.
IFRS 13 "Fair value measurement" (effective from 1 January 2013). The standard will not have any material impact on financial reporting of Sanitec Group. This standard has not yet been endorsed by EU.
