(6) Pro forma net debt is defined as pro forma total debt less pro forma cash and cash equivalents as described in "Use o fproceeds."
Risk factors
An investment in the Notes involves a high degree o f risk. You should carefully consider thefollowing risks, together with other information provided to you in this Offering Memorandum, before deciding whether to invest in the Notes. I f any o f thefollowing risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results o f operation or prospects could be adversely affected. There may also be other risks o f which we are currently unaware or that we do not currently believe are material that could harm our business, financial condition, results o f operation or prospects. In any o f such cases, the value o f the Notes could decline, and we may not be able to pay all or part o fthe interest or principal on the Notes andyou may lose all or part o fyour investment.
This Offering Memorandum contains "forward-looking"statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantlyfrom the results discussed in theforward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences are discussed below and elsewhere in this Offering Memorandum. See "Forward-looking statements. "
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
A large part of our financial performance is dependent upon a healthy economy and financial and monetary system. The current economic climate and tightening of credit markets has negatively impacted our results of operations, and any continuation of or further decline in economic conditions would adversely affect our business.
Our business is affected by fluctuations in the economic conditions of the market regions in which we sell our products, which, in turn, are materially affected by global financial conditions. Changes in our financial performance often result from factors beyond our control, such as fluctuations in gross domestic product, changes in consumer confidence, decreases in new construction, renovation or replacement activities, price developments in individual housing markets, lack of mortgage lending, fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates, changes in market demand and increases in labor costs and taxes.
Since 2008, the stress and disruptions experienced by global financial markets have increasingly affected other sectors of the economy, in particular the construction industry, in many of the markets in which we sell our products. In particular, sales to the construction industry are driven by trends in commercial and residential construction, housing starts, trends in residential renovation and replacement activity. Consumer confidence, mortgage rates, credit standards and availability and income levels play a significant role in driving demand in the residential construction, renovation and replacement sector. Construction activity in many of our European markets continues to remain at levels lower than in 2008 and may decline further. Home equity values in many markets have decreased significantly, adversely affecting the willingness of homeowners to invest additional capital in their homes. In addition, consumer credit generally has been more difficult to obtain. We cannot predict how long these economic conditions will last and whether the downward trend in residential construction and renovation will continue or worsen. The economic downturn could continue to affect consumer confidence, income and equity capital available for spending on discretionary items such as those sold by us, which could adversely affect the demand for our products.
For example, 2009 was characterized by a significant decline in GDP in most of our core markets and significantly reduced growth rates in emerging markets, with the construction industry being disproportionately affected. In 2009, the sharp decrease in overall demand was exacerbated in several markets by reductions in distributors' stock levels so that as a result of destocking effects demand reflected in manufacturers' order books weakened significantly more than the overall global demand for sanitary products. Economic conditions in certain of our markets, such as South Europe, have still not recovered, which has had an effect on both sales volumes (as customers are buying fewer products) and the prices we can charge for our products (as customers are increasingly price sensitive in depressed markets). In addition, the discretionary nature of residential and non-residential renovation, and to a lesser degree, new construction activities, may result in end-consumers' decision to postpone any contemplated renovation activities until overall economic conditions and consumer confidence have improved. If there is no significant recovery of the economy and the financial system in certain of our core markets for an extended period of time, higher unemployment rates, lower family income, decreased consumer spending and lower levels of construction activity could result in a further decline of demand for our products and increased price competition, which could result in further pressure on our operating margins or require us to offer longer payment terms to our customers. We may also experience a higher incidence of default by our customers. Our cash flow may be negatively impacted by such events. In addition, we may be exposed to a default of our suppliers to meet their delivery obligations and may experience shortages in supply for our production or our suppliers may change the credit terms they extend to us, such as shortening the required payment period for outstanding accounts receivable or reducing or eliminating the amount of trade credit available to us, all of which would also have an adverse effect on our cash flow.
