Since 2008, the stress and disruptions experienced by global financial markets have increasingly affected other sectors of the economy, in particular the construction industry, in many of the markets in which we sell our products. In particular, sales to the construction industry are driven by trends in commercial and residential construction, housing starts, trends in residential renovation and replacement activity. Consumer confidence, mortgage rates, credit standards and availability and income levels play a significant role in driving demand in the residential construction, renovation and replacement sector. Construction activity in many of our European markets continues to remain at levels lower than in 2008 and may decline further. Home equity values in many markets have decreased significantly, adversely affecting the willingness of homeowners to invest additional capital in their homes. In addition, consumer credit generally has been more difficult to obtain. We cannot predict how long these economic conditions will last and whether the downward trend in residential construction and renovation will continue or worsen. The economic downturn could continue to affect consumer confidence, income and equity capital available for spending on discretionary items such as those sold by us, which could adversely affect the demand for our products.
Particularly in certain mature markets, the economic turmoil has caused certain changes in consumer preferences and purchasing practices, which have resulted in changes in our customers' strategies when adapting to these changes in the overall structure of demand. If we do not timely and effectively respond to these changing consumer preferences, which may or may not be long-term, our relationships with our customers could be adversely affected, the demand for our products could be reduced and our market share could be negatively affected.
16
Efforts to improve our operational efficiency may not be effective or may adversely impact our product development and production process.
In the past, we have implemented numerous projects to improve our operational efficiency, including enhancements to our production network and processes as well as procurement and product development. For the implementation of our cost saving initiatives and our financial restructuring, we incurred significant expenses. If our efforts to improve our operational efficiency and the ongoing implementation of cost improvement measures are not effective or sustainable, the quality and cost of our products and our competitive position in the industry may suffer.
Because we have a large amount of fixed costs, our profitability may be significantly adversely impacted by any decline in net sales.
Fixed costs constitute a significant proportion of our total costs. Our fixed costs are principally comprised of raw materials, manufacturing labor, energy and other plant-related expenses, along with other employee and employee-related costs. In 2012, our fixed costs amounted to circa 40% of our total costs.
As many of the markets in which we operate entered a recession in 2008, our relatively fixed cost structure accentuated the impact of declining net sales. While we have responded to the economic downturn in our markets by taking significant steps to reduce fixed costs, a large proportion of our costs remains fixed, and in any future economic downturn we may not be able to reduce our fixed costs sufficiently to offset declining volumes.
We operate in a highly competitive industry and our results may be adversely affected by competition.
