As many of the markets in which we operate entered a recession in 2008, our relatively fixed cost structure accentuated the impact of declining net sales. While we have responded to the economic downturn in our markets by taking significant steps to reduce fixed costs, a large proportion of our costs remains fixed, and in any future economic downturn we may not be able to reduce our fixed costs sufficiently to offset declining volumes.
The bathroom fixtures market is competitive. Competition is based on many factors, including brand recognition and customer loyalty, product quality and reliability, breadth of product range, product design and innovation, production capabilities, distribution channels, scope and quality of services and price. We compete with both large-scale global manufacturers and with numerous regional and specialized competitors. Some of our competitors are divisions or subsidiaries of larger companies that have greater financial and other resources than we do, which may enable them to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or preferences or devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products than we can. As a result, our competitors may be able to reduce prices on products similar to our products below prices that we cannot profitably offer. Many of our competitors also have long-standing relationships with key suppliers and customers and may offer other products which we do not provide. We believe that developing and maintaining a competitive advantage will require continued investment by us in product development, manufacturing capabilities, sales and marketing and customer relationships. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources to make the necessary investments to do so and we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in our industry or against our existing or future competitors. In addition, the integration and harmonization of construction and bathroom products standards in the European Union and the rest of the world may expose us to greater competition from manufacturers in other markets. If we do not compete successfully, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
We depend on the development and market acceptance of new products and may not be able to effectively predict or react to consumer preferences that could render our products less desirable.
The markets in which we compete are increasingly characterized by frequent new product introductions and enhancements, changing consumer preferences and demands as well as changing industry standards. We believe that our future success will depend on our ability to constantly develop and bring to market new products with high quality standards and innovative designs in a timely manner. For example, growth in our ceramics complementary products category will depend in part on our ability to deliver our bundled ceramics complementary product and ceramics sanitaryware product offering.
As product cycles in our industry generally tend to be shorter than in the past, we may in the future be required to invest a higher portion of our sales on research, development and design in order to maintain our market share and reputation. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources to continue to make adequate investments in our products or that our investments will result in the successful development of new products and features and will allow us to obtain a sufficient price for our products. We cannot predict which of the many possible future products will meet evolving consumer preferences and demands and industry standards. We cannot assure you that we will be able to adapt to technological changes or offer new products on a timely basis, which could lead to reduced desirability of our products and harm our competitive position in the markets. If we do not anticipate or adequately respond to evolving market demands, we may not be able to sell our products or maintain the appeal of our brands successfully, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If the costs of our raw materials increase or their supply decreases, we may experience increases in costs or have difficulty purchasing sufficient raw materials or components to meet our production requirements, increases in energy prices may also materially increase our costs.
We are exposed to fluctuations in the prices of raw materials that we use in our manufacturing operations and in the prices of raw materials used in the products that we source from third party suppliers, as the prices of raw materials affect the prices of these products. Our raw material purchases for the production of ceramics include ball clay, kaolin, feldspar, chamotte (clay) and zirconium (coating) and for the production of ceramics complementary products include aluminum, stainless steel, glass, acrylic and packaging. Between 2009 and 2012, prices for key raw materials used in ceramics sanitaryware increased moderately, with the exception of prices for zirconium and zincoxyde, which increased significantly between 2009 and 2011 but have stabilized
17
through 2012. During this same period, prices for key raw materials used in ceramics complementary products (including showers) also increased, due to the increased cost of stainless steel and packaging, and also to the increased cost of aluminum and glass resulting from a change in product specification to improve the overall quality of our products. Although prices for the majority of our key raw materials have remained relatively stable in recent years, fluctuations in the price and availability of our raw materials, particularly metals, can be caused by changes in levels of global supply and demand, the operations of our suppliers, governmental policies, political and economic conditions in certain countries where these materials are produced and acts of God such as severe weather conditions and natural disasters, which may be further exacerbated if raw materials are traded in foreign currencies. In addition, the prices of fuels used in the manufacture and distribution of our products as well as the other materials used by us to produce our products are subject to fluctuation.
