17
We generally buy raw materials on a purchase order basis, with no written agreement in place. Our inability to fully protect against fluctuations in the prices of raw materials renders us vulnerable to commodity price increases. Any hedges we may enter into may be ineffective in protecting us against fluctuations in prices. Our inability to purchase materials at commercially reasonable prices may cause our profit margins to decline and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event we have entered into long-term forward purchase agreements with suppliers of raw materials and certain parts and components, if our material prices subsequently decline, we may be at a competitive disadvantage.
Our manufacturing plants rely upon and consume significant amounts of energy, primarily gas and electricity, in order to operate. Despite rising energy prices, our energy costs remained relatively stable between 2009 and 2011, due to the restructuring of our plant network, which reduced the number of kilns in operation. In 2012 energy costs increased due to increased consumption across the market during the cold European winter. We remain exposed to fluctuations in energy prices and any increase in energy prices could have a material effect on our profitability.
While we carefully monitor the costs of our raw materials, we may not always be able to find suitable substitutes in order to mitigate cost volatility or to increase our product prices in response to increased commodities prices. If the prices of the commodities or of energy we use to produce our products increase, we may not be able to increase our product prices in time to offset our costs to produce those products, or at all, as our ability to implement price increases is affected by the actions of our competitors. Even if we are able to pass on increases in raw material prices to our customers, there may be a delay before price increases for our products can be implemented. Price increases may also make our products less competitive and adversely affect our market shares, sales volumes and customer relationships.
We rely on a relatively concentrated number of key customers and the loss of one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.
In 2012, our net sales amounted to 752.8 million, of which the top ten and twenty customer groups accounted for approximately 47.6% and 59.4%, respectively; the majority of these customers were wholesalers. While we believe we have established long standing and stable relationships with our customers (and commercial and business relationships are managed on an individual market and business-unit level), the loss of any one of these customers could have a disproportionately large effect on our business compared with other businesses whose customer bases are less concentrated. Disagreements or deterioration of our relationship with any of our major customers could lead to delays in net sales, increased costs or loss of current or future business with our major customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.
Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions in our supply chain.
We purchase our raw materials and components from a number of national and international suppliers. While our supplier base is broad with approximately 13,100 active suppliers, our ten largest suppliers account for approximately 12% of all external purchases. In one instance, we purchase components from a single-source supplier and although we maintain extra insurance, we remain susceptible to quality problems, supply shortages, disputes with such supplier or price increases, and there is no assurance that we could find a suitable alternative product or supplier on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. As a result, supply shortages or price increases could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Any significant disruption, quality problems or other adverse event affecting our relationship with any of our major suppliers could result in additional costs and adversely affect the results of our financial condition and our operations. If we need to replace any of our major suppliers, we may face risks and costs associated with a transfer of operations. In addition, a failure to replace any of our major suppliers on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
