We purchase our raw materials and components from a number of national and international suppliers. While our supplier base is broad with approximately 13,100 active suppliers, our ten largest suppliers account for approximately 12% of all external purchases. In one instance, we purchase components from a single-source supplier and although we maintain extra insurance, we remain susceptible to quality problems, supply shortages, disputes with such supplier or price increases, and there is no assurance that we could find a suitable alternative product or supplier on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. As a result, supply shortages or price increases could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We typically deal with our suppliers on a "purchase order" basis, often without a written long-term contract. We cannot be certain that our suppliers will continue to deal with us on the terms they currently do, that prices for raw materials and components will not increase, or that we will be able to purchase such supplies at prices which allow our products to be competitive, if at all. Our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of these raw materials and components, or to develop alternative sources if required, could result in delays and increased costs in our operations or our inability to properly maintain our existing level of operations. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
18
Our results of operations are subject to currency fluctuations.
Because we conduct our operations in various countries, we generate a portion of our sales and incur a portion of our expenses in currencies other than the euro, principally the Swedish krona, Norwegian krone, Danish krone, Pound sterling, Russian ruble, Polish zloty, Swiss franc, Czech krona and Ukrainian hryvnia. During 2012, approximately 80% of our net currency flows at the EBITDA level were generated in currencies other than the euro (including currencies pegged to the euro, such as the Danish krone). In some jurisdictions, our costs and the corresponding sales are denominated in the same currency. Sometimes, however, we are unable to match revenues received in foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency, and our results of operations are consequently impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations.
We present our financial statements in euro. As a result we must translate the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses of all of our operations with functional currencies other than euro into euros at then-applicable exchange rates. Consequently, increases or decreases in the value of the euro may affect the value of these items with respect to our non-euro businesses in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. For example, a stronger euro will reduce the reported results of operations of the non-euro businesses and conversely a weaker euro will increase the reported results of operations of the non-euro businesses. These translations could significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial periods or result in significant changes to the carrying value of our assets, liabilities and stockholders' equity. In the past, we have put in place hedges to mitigate foreign currency exposure, and we regularly monitor our exposure to foreign currency to determine if it is appropriate to put hedges in place. If we do hedge our currency exposure, we may not hedge all of our foreign currency risk and may not be able to hedge at favorable rates, or at all, and currency fluctuations may move in such a manner that causes us to incur losses on our hedging arrangements.
Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to produce or sell our products at competitive prices and we may be at a competitive disadvantage with respect to local producers in certain markets if currency rates change in an unfavorable manner. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage our currency transaction and translation risks. See "Management's discussion and analysis offinancial condition and results o f operations--Quantitative and qualitative disclosures o fmarket risks--Exchange rate exposure and currency risk hedging
If we do not adapt to changes in distribution channels in some of our markets, our sales volume and profitability may be adversely affected.
In some of our markets (for example, the United Kingdom, Poland and France), DIY and other retail distribution channels have grown their share of the market. In 2012, we distributed most of our products directly via wholesalers. In the United Kingdom and France, the DIY channel has historically been more focused on the lower-cost segment of the European bathroom products market. If DIY and other retail distribution channels grow to constitute a greater portion of our markets, and we are unable to respond or sell our products through them or other channels, we may lose market share, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
