> insufficient protection against product piracy and other violations of our intellectual property rights;
> difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified management and employees, or further streamlining our work force.
Our overall success depends, to a considerable extent, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements, economic conditions and unforeseeable developments. We cannot assure you that we will continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies which will be effective in each location where we do business.
Any negative impact on the reputation of, and value associated with, our brand names could adversely affect our business.
Our brand names represent an important asset of our business. Maintaining the reputation of and the value associated with our brand names is central to the success of our business and there can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish this objective. We rely on marketing to strengthen our brand names, and our marketing initiatives may prove to be ineffective. Significant negative publicity or widespread product recalls or other events could cause damage to our brand names. Substantial erosion in the reputation of or value associated with our brand names could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We could experience labor disputes that could disrupt our business.
Our financial performance is affected by the availability of qualified personnel and the cost of labor. Most of our workforce at production sites is unionized. We are subject to the risk that strikes or other types of conflicts with personnel may arise; for example, prior to the closing of our manufacturing facility in Selles-sur-Cher, France, in 2010, employees went on strike to protest their severance pay and the terms and conditions of the facility's closure. See "Business--E m p lo y e esFurthermore, some of our direct and indirect suppliers have unionized work forces. Strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by these suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures of facilities where components of our products are manufactured. Any interruption in the production or delivery of our products could reduce sales of our products and increase our costs, giving rise to a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks may be increased by initiatives we are undertaking to streamline to our manufacturing operations.
We may pursue further acquisitions which, if consummated, could increase the level of our indebtedness and may adversely affect our business if we cannot effectively integrate these new operations.
In the past, we have grown in part through acquisitions. Although we currently have no other binding agreements with respect to any possible acquisitions, we may engage in discussions regarding potential acquisitions of businesses that we believe will present opportunities to realize synergies and strengthen our market position. If we consummate any such transaction, our capitalization and results of operations could change significantly. In addition, any acquisition we may undertake in the future could result in the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in interest expenses and amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets.
