We may pursue further acquisitions which, if consummated, could increase the level of our indebtedness and may adversely affect our business if we cannot effectively integrate these new operations.
We participate in distribution arrangements with unaffiliated third parties, specifically in Italy, Denmark, and the Baltic countries which subjects us to a variety of business risks.
We conduct certain of our operations, specifically in Italy, the Baltic countries and Denmark, through agency and/or distribution arrangements with third parties. Our Italian operations function as an agent structure with a commission-based compensation model, while our Danish operations are conducted through a dedicated long-term partnership with a third party affiliate. We also operate through a third party partnership model in the Baltic countries. Our plans with respect to our agency and distribution arrangements assume that our partners will observe their obligations with respect to the agency and distribution arrangements. In the event that any of our partners do not observe their commitments, it is possible that the affected agency or distribution arrangement would not be able to operate in accordance with its business plans or that we would be required to increase our level of commitment in order to give effect to such plans.
If we do not retain our key personnel or attract and retain other highly skilled employees our business may suffer.
The success of our business is dependent on the leadership of our key management personnel. We believe that our future success will depend on the continued service of our key personnel and on our ability to continue to attract, motivate and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. In particular, attracting and retaining key technical and engineering personnel is important due to the sophisticated technical and engineering aspects of our business. If we lose key personnel, it could be difficult to replace them, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We do not maintain key-man life insurance. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting, retaining and motivating key personnel. See "Management. "
20
We depend to a certain extent on our information technology systems to operate our business.
We rely to a certain degree on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our various computer and communications systems to operate and monitor aspects of our business, including production systems, assembly lines, sales, warehousing, distribution, purchasing and inventory control. A significant breakdown or other disruption to our computer and communications systems could affect our ability to manage our information technology systems and conduct our operations at factories, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results of operations.
We may not be able to successfully manage any future growth efforts.
