We rely to a certain degree on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our various computer and communications systems to operate and monitor aspects of our business, including production systems, assembly lines, sales, warehousing, distribution, purchasing and inventory control. A significant breakdown or other disruption to our computer and communications systems could affect our ability to manage our information technology systems and conduct our operations at factories, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results of operations.
Over the past decade, we have expanded our business through both organic growth and the selected acquisitions of related businesses. This growth and other changes have placed and will continue to place a strain on our management systems, infrastructure and resources. Our ability to manage this growth and integrate operations, technologies, products and personnel as well as implement our "One Sanitec" strategy depends on our administrative, financial and operational controls, our ability to create the infrastructure necessary to fulfill our expected improvements and our financial capabilities. In order to compete effectively and to grow and manage our business profitably, we will need, on a timely basis, to maintain and improve our financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures, implement new systems as necessary, attract and retain adequate management personnel, and hire a qualified workforce that we can train and manage. The failure or delay of our management in responding to these challenges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations.
We are subject to numerous governmental regulations, including environmental laws, health and safety regulations and antitrust laws.
We are subject to a number of European Union, national, regional and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws, rules and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and natural resources including the management of hazardous substances and wastes, air emissions including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, water discharges, transportation, remediation of contamination and workplace health and safety. Compliance with these laws and regulations entails considerable costs and violation of these laws could result in substantial penalties, temporary or permanent production facility closures, criminal convictions and civil liability.
In addition, changes in existing environmental requirements or the discovery of as yet unidentified environmental liabilities associated with our historical operations or the historical operations of any of our predecessors could require us to incur material costs or suspend or scale back operations temporarily or permanently.
Some of our production facilities have asbestos-containing materials on-site, and a few of our facilities, due to their long industrial history, have the potential for soil and groundwater contamination. We are also currently addressing certain permit issues at a number of our facilities. See "Business--Regulation and environmental matters."
Some environmental laws and regulations impose liability and responsibility on present and former owners, operators or users of facilities and sites for contamination at such facilities or sites without regard to causation or knowledge of contamination. Our liability for currently unknown clean-up costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Moreover, regulatory authorities could suspend our operations or refuse to renew the permits and authorizations we require to operate. They could also mandate upgrades or changes to our processes that could result in significant costs to us. We anticipate that the countries where we do business will continue to develop increasingly strict environmental laws and regulations and to interpret and enforce existing laws and regulations more aggressively. This trend could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
In addition to laws and regulations impacting our production sites and manufacturing processes, environmental legislation is increasingly affecting our product portfolio by prohibiting or reducing the critical substances we can utilize requiring such substances to be registered and analyzed for safety (such as the European Union "REACH" regulation), implementing recovery obligations for used packaging and products and requiring the improvement of the energy efficiency of products. Compliance with such laws and regulations entails considerable costs and violation of these laws and regulations could result in substantial penalties and temporary or permanent prohibitions on the marketing and sale of certain products.
Antitrust regulations can also have a marked impact on our business. We cannot assure you that, due to the existing competitive situation in many of the markets in which we are active, we or certain of our subsidiaries or affiliates will not become subject to future antitrust investigations by the relevant authorities and will not be required to pay fines or be subject to claims for damages from third parties for violations of applicable antitrust laws. An unfavorable result in any potential future investigations and proceedings in connection with antitrust laws would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, our involvement in such investigations and proceedings may adversely affect our reputation and customer relationships.
