In addition to laws and regulations impacting our production sites and manufacturing processes, environmental legislation is increasingly affecting our product portfolio by prohibiting or reducing the critical substances we can utilize requiring such substances to be registered and analyzed for safety (such as the European Union "REACH" regulation), implementing recovery obligations for used packaging and products and requiring the improvement of the energy efficiency of products. Compliance with such laws and regulations entails considerable costs and violation of these laws and regulations could result in substantial penalties and temporary or permanent prohibitions on the marketing and sale of certain products.
On June 23, 2010, the European Commission fined 17 bathroom fittings and fixtures manufacturers, including Sanitec, a total of 622.3 million for alleged participation in a price fixing cartel covering six EU countries (Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands) over 12 years (1992-2004). According to the decision of the European Commission, the companies had engaged in illegal cartel conduct during meetings of 13 national trade associations and by way of other bilateral and multilateral contacts, through which they had fixed price increases, minimum prices and rebates, and exchanged sensitive business
21
information, in contravention of EU antitrust regulations. In total, we were fined 57.7 million in connection with the matter. We paid the fines in full on September 30, 2010, although we are appealing such judgment. For further information, see "Business-- Legal p ro ceed in g sWe cannot assure you that we will not be subject to third party claims in respect of these matters or that we will not be required to make payments in settlement of such claims.
We are subject to risks from legal proceedings.
We are involved in a number of legal disputes, and could become involved in additional legal and arbitration disputes in the future which may involve substantial claims for damages or other payments, including damage claims by customers in connection with past or future violations of antitrust laws. The investigation, defense and resolution of these matters can be prolonged and costly. The outcome of the currently pending or potential future proceedings is difficult to predict with any certainty. In the event of a negative outcome of any material legal or arbitration proceeding, whether based on a judgment or a settlement agreement, we could be obligated to make substantial payments. In addition, the costs related to litigation and arbitration proceedings may be significant. The realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If our intellectual property is misappropriated or subject to claims of infringement, our operations may be significantly and adversely affected.
The maintenance and protection of our brands is critical for our future success. In the past we have encountered product piracy, particularly in Eastern Europe, Asia and Africa, where our patent, trademark and design protection is less effective than in other markets. In these cases, other manufacturers have imitated our products and sell their imitated products under a design or logo that could be mistaken for ours. In some cases, third parties in countries such as China have even locally registered our registered trademarks as their own. See "Business--Intellectual property rights'" If we are not able to protect our products and brands effectively, our brands might not continue to be recognized by retailers, plumbers, installers, and residential and non-residential end-users for its high quality. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Protection of our processes and other technology is also important to our business. We rely upon unpatented proprietary expertise, continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. In addition to protecting our intellectual property through patents, trademarks and registered designs, we also enter into confidentiality agreements with third-party developers. We cannot assure you that our patents, trademarks and registered designs will provide meaningful protection for our processes and technology, that confidentiality agreements will not be breached, or that adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of these trade secrets or proprietary know-how. In addition, the laws of many foreign countries in which we sell our products do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of Western European countries or the United States. Furthermore, the maintenance of the full range of patent, trademark, utility model and registered design protection available in all relevant jurisdictions is cost prohibitive. As a result, we may not be able to prevent others from copying our products or from using our trademarks. The failure of our intellectual property rights or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, technology, designs, trade secrets or proprietary know-how could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
