The maintenance and protection of our brands is critical for our future success. In the past we have encountered product piracy, particularly in Eastern Europe, Asia and Africa, where our patent, trademark and design protection is less effective than in other markets. In these cases, other manufacturers have imitated our products and sell their imitated products under a design or logo that could be mistaken for ours. In some cases, third parties in countries such as China have even locally registered our registered trademarks as their own. See "Business--Intellectual property rights'" If we are not able to protect our products and brands effectively, our brands might not continue to be recognized by retailers, plumbers, installers, and residential and non-residential end-users for its high quality. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may incur material costs as a result of warranty and product liability claims which could adversely affect our profitability.
Our products are subject to express and implied warranty claims. We may in the future incur significant losses if we are subject to substantial warranty claims. Additionally, defects in our products may result in product liability claims, product recalls, adverse customer reaction and negative publicity about us or our products. In addition, we source some of the components of our products (for example, flushing devices and cisterns) from third-party suppliers. If any of these components are defective, and we consequently become subject to warranty or other claims as a result, we may be unable to recover any claims or losses from such third-party suppliers, or they may not be adequately covered by insurance. Certain of our products also operate at high water temperatures and use significant water pressure, and accordingly, product failures could result in substantial harm to people or property. While we hold insurance for product liability matters we cannot assure you that such insurance will cover any such matter, or that such insurance will continue to be available on economically reasonable terms, if at all. Defects may also require expensive modifications to our products and may adversely affect our reputation. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND OUR CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The Issuer will depend on cash from its operating companies to be able to make payments on the Notes and the Guarantees.
The Issuer will be dependent upon the cash flow from its operating subsidiaries in the form of distributions or payments to meet its obligations, including its obligations under the Notes. We intend to provide funds to the Issuer in order for the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes through a combination of distributions and interest payments on intercompany loans. The obligations under the intercompany loans will be junior obligations and will be subordinated in right of payment to all existing future senior secured and senior subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, including obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Notes. If our subsidiaries do not fulfill their obligations under the intercompany loans and do not distribute cash to the Issuer to
22
make scheduled payments on the Notes, the Issuer will not have any other source of funds that would allow it to make payments to the holders of the Notes. The amounts of distributions available to the Issuer will depend on the profitability and cash flows of its subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to issue distributions under applicable law. However, the subsidiaries of the Issuer may not be able, or may not be permitted under applicable law, to make distributions or advance upstream loans to the Issuer to make payments in respect of its indebtedness, including the Notes and the Guarantees. Various agreements governing our debt may restrict, and in some cases, may actually prevent the ability of the subsidiaries to move cash within the restricted group. In addition, the subsidiaries of the Issuer that do not guarantee the Notes have no obligation to make payments with respect to the Notes.
The Notes will bear interest at a floating rate that could rise significantly, increasing our interest cost and debt and reducing our cash flow.
