make scheduled payments on the Notes, the Issuer will not have any other source of funds that would allow it to make payments to the holders of the Notes. The amounts of distributions available to the Issuer will depend on the profitability and cash flows of its subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to issue distributions under applicable law. However, the subsidiaries of the Issuer may not be able, or may not be permitted under applicable law, to make distributions or advance upstream loans to the Issuer to make payments in respect of its indebtedness, including the Notes and the Guarantees. Various agreements governing our debt may restrict, and in some cases, may actually prevent the ability of the subsidiaries to move cash within the restricted group. In addition, the subsidiaries of the Issuer that do not guarantee the Notes have no obligation to make payments with respect to the Notes.
The Notes will bear interest at floating rates equal to EURIBOR, adjusted quarterly, plus a spread. EURIBOR could rise significantly in the future. Although we may enter into and maintain certain hedging arrangements designed to fix a portion of these rates, there can be no assurances that hedging will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms. Hedging itself carries certain risks, including that we may need to pay a significant amount (including costs) to terminate any hedging arrangements. To the extent interest rates were to rise significantly our interest expense associated with the Notes and the carrying cost of our debt would correspondingly increase, thus reducing free cash flow. The manner of calculating EURIBOR is under review by European regulators and others. There can be no assurance that EURIBOR will continue to be calculated as it has historically, if at all.
Our significant leverage may make it difficult for us to service our debt, including the Notes, and operate our business.
Upon consummation of this Offering, we will have a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness with significant debt service requirements. As of December 31, 2012, after giving effect to this Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom, our total borrowings would have been 250.3 million, including the Notes. We also would have had approximately 50.0 million available for borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility. See "Capitalization "and "Description o f other indebtedness. "
Our significant leverage could have important consequences for you as a holder of the Notes, including:
> making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Notes and our other debt and liabilities;
> requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thus reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund internal growth through capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes;
> increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in our business, economic or industry conditions;
> placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt in relation to cash flow;
