All employment agreements contain regulations regarding confidentiality (during and post-employment) and agreement contain regulations regarding IPR to the effect that IPR developed by the employees shall vest in the employing company. In case the employment agreements are terminated by the employers, all top management employees with some exception are entitled to at least 12 months' severance pay. Majority of management are bound by non-compete and non-solicit (with respect to customers and other employees) obligations during 12 months after the cessation of their respective employments. The non-compete provisions do not contain any express provision on compensation during the non-compete period.
The Group CEO and other members of the Group management team have a right to retire according to the local legislations.
Group structure
The parent company of the Group, Sanitec Oy (`Sanitec Corporation' in the following), originally registered in Finland on March 25, 2005, and certain other holding companies were established by the private equity fund EQT IV in order to acquire the shares in Sanitec Europe Corporation. In the transaction closed on April 11, 2005, the ownership of Sanitec Europe Corporation and all the subsidiaries of Sanitec Group were transferred from Sanitec International S.A., the previous parent company of the Group, to the holding companies controlled by Sanitec Corporation. Through this transaction all the operations of Sanitec Group were sold to EQT IV.
The parent company of Sanitec Corporation is Sofia IV S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg. Sofia III S.a r.l. fully owns Sofia IV S.a r.l. The parent company of Sofia III S.a r.l. is Sofia III S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg. The ultimate parent company of the Group is Sofia II S.a r.l., a company registered in Luxembourg, and indirectly owned by the private equity fund EQT IV and management (77.5%) and a lender consortium (22.5 %).
F-83
In July 8th, 2009 Sofia IV S.a r.l. acquired the shares of Sanitec Corporation. In connection with the acquisition, Sofia IV S.a r.l. bought the senior loans, the second lien loans, the shareholder loans and the interest rate swap liabilities from the lenders of Sanitec Group and from the holding companies controlled by EQT IV fund and Sofia III S.a r.l. issued new senior loans with face value of 300 million to the lenders. Also the parent company of Sofia III S.a r.l. injected 115.0 million of share capital and convertible preferred equity certificates to the Sofia III Group.
23. LEGAL AND REGULATORY PROCEEDINGS
The Group is a defendant in numerous lawsuits that arise out of, or are incidental to, the ordinary course of its business. In these legal proceedings, no specifically identified director, or associated company, is a party or named defendant. These lawsuits concern issues such as product liability, labor related matters and personal injury matters. It is the Group's policy to provide for amounts related to these legal matters if liability is ascertainable with reasonable certainty. The Group is not involved in any legal or arbitration proceedings the outcome of which could be expected to have a material effect on the Group's financial position or results of operations.
