> increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in our business, economic or industry conditions;
> limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and industry;
> restricting us from pursuing strategic acquisitions or exploiting certain business opportunities; and
> limiting, among other things, our and our subsidiaries' ability to borrow additional funds or raise equity capital in the future and increasing the costs of such additional financings.
Our ability to service our indebtedness will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors. Some of these factors are beyond our control. If we cannot service our indebtedness and meet our other obligations and commitments, we might be required to refinance our debt or to dispose of assets to obtain funds for such purpose. We cannot assure you that refinancings or asset dispositions could be effected on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all, or would be permitted by the terms of our debt instruments.
We may incur substantially more debt in the future, which may make it difficult for us to service our debt, including the Notes, and impair our ability to operate our businesses.
We may incur substantial additional debt in the future. Although the Indenture and the Revolving Credit Facility contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions and, under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Under the Indenture, in addition to specified permitted indebtedness, we will be able to incur additional indebtedness so long as on a pro forma basis our Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in "Description o f the Notes'") is at least 2.0 to 1.0, and we may incur additional indebtedness, including, to the extent our Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the "Description o f the Notes") would be less than 3.0 to 1.0, additional indebtedness which also benefits from the Collateral that secures the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility. We will also be able to draw amounts under our Revolving Credit Facility and incur certain other indebtedness at a time when we do not meet these ratios (subject always to compliance with restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness set out in "Description o f the Notes"). The terms of the Indenture will permit us to incur future debt that may have substantially the same covenants as, or covenants that are more restrictive than, those of the Indenture. Moreover, some of the debt we may incur in the future could be structurally senior to the Notes (subject to compliance with the restrictions in the Intercreditor Agreement) and may be secured by Collateral that does not secure the Notes. In addition, the Indenture and the Revolving Credit Facility will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness under those agreements. The incurrence of additional debt would increase the leverage-related risks described in this Offering Memorandum.
23
We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations.
