23. LEGAL AND REGULATORY PROCEEDINGS
Price fixing cartel case
On June 23, 2010, the European Commission announced its decision to impose a fine for the alleged participation in a price fixing cartel and anticompetitive practices by 17 European bathroom fittings and fixtures manufacturers, including the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, over a period of 12 years (1992-2004). The behavior of the relevant entities was imputed to Sanitec Europe Oy, which was considered to exercise decisive influence over their conduct during the alleged infringement period. In total, Sanitec Europe Oy, jointly and severally with certain of its subsidiaries, was fined 57.69 million in aggregate, which was paid in full on September 30, 2010. Sanitec Europe Oy and the relevant subsidiaries filed applications appealing the decision and level of fines imposed and the oral hearing took place on May 22, 2012. As a result of the complexity of the case and the number of pending appeals, and taking into account any further appeals, the process is expected to continue during the upcoming years. We cannot be certain that we will not be subject to third party claims in respect of these matters or that we will not be required to make payments in settlement of such claims.
Claim brought by PCT form er employees
A group of approximately 87 former employees of one of our production facilities in France, Produit Ceramique de Touraine SA ("PCT" ), are disputing their termination compensation and claiming 7.1 million in additional compensation for past redundancies. The matter is ongoing and a first labor court conciliation hearing between the parties in 2011 was unsuccessful. The next hearing is scheduled to take place in September 2012. We consider the risk for additional payments to be remote and believe the court will rule in our favor, so we have therefore not made any provisions for this claim. In addition, a former employee of PCT has presented a claim in the amount of 124,000, which, if successful, could potentially be extended to additional employees dismissed around the same time, although we consider this risk to be remote. PCT has appealed to the Cassation Court and the next hearing is scheduled to take place later in 2012.
Dispute w ith Portuguese supplier
On November 30, 2010, we entered into a compensation and settlement agreement with a Portuguese supplier regarding costs and damages incurred by us as a result of claims from end-customers in the Nordics and France resulting from defective products (flushing devices and mechanisms, inlet hoses and inner cisterns) supplied by the supplier. As a result of the settlement entered into with the Portuguese supplier, the supplier has paid approximately 750,000 in settlement to us to date. Following this settlement agreement, we have become aware of further defective products produced or delivered by the same supplier which have or may result in damages. We have now undertaken an investigation to review to what extent the supplier's defective products have been used in Sanitec's products and pursuant to this investigation, we reserved sufficient additional amount to cover possible resulting damages. We have reported these losses to our insurance provider and also entered into discussions with the supplier to clear and settle losses and damages which were not included in the settlement agreement.
F-84
Tax disputes Some of our companies are currently involved in discussions and disputes with tax authorities regarding deductibility of VAT and other tax payments. In addition, certain of our companies in Germany, Italy and Ukraine are subject to pending tax audits. In Germany, we have made a provision for additional taxes booked in relation to the ongoing audit of KERAMAG AG for the years 2001 to 2006, which is expected to reach final agreement during the summer of 2012. In Italy, Sanitec Holding Italy is currently appealing reassessments of 9.8 million for the years 2005 to 2008 and Sanitec Italia (prior to its merger into Sanitec Holding Italy) is currently appealing reassessments of 3.9 million for the years 2002 to 2005. In Ukraine, an ongoing audit for Budfarfor for the year 2011 is currently in the administrative appeal stage.
