23
Our ability to make interest payments on the Notes and to meet our other debt service obligations, including under the Revolving Credit Facility, or to refinance our debt, depends on our future operating and financial performance, which will be affected by our ability to successfully implement our business strategy as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control.
If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness, including the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness, including the Notes, on or before the maturity thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we may not be able to effect any of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments, including the Indenture, may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. If we default on the payments required under the terms of certain of our indebtedness, that indebtedness, together with debt incurred pursuant to other debt agreements or instruments that contain cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, may become payable on demand, and we may not have sufficient funds to repay all of our debts, including the Notes. See "Description o f other indebtedness." As a result, our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on our ability to satisfy our obligations in respect of the Notes.
Restrictive covenants in the Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture may restrict our ability to operate our business. Our failure to comply with these covenants, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
The Indenture governing the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility contain negative covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to:
> incur additional indebtedness and issue certain preferred shares; > pay dividends on capital stock or repurchase shares or make certain investments;
> make certain other restricted payments;
> create certain liens; > merge or consolidate with other entities; > enter into certain sale leaseback transactions;
> sell, lease or transfer certain assets, including shares of any restricted subsidiary;
