> create certain liens; > merge or consolidate with other entities; > enter into certain sale leaseback transactions;
> enter into certain transactions with affiliates;
> create encumbrances or restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us; and
> guarantee certain types of other indebtedness of our restricted subsidiaries without also guaranteeing the Notes.
The Revolving Credit Facility will require us to comply with certain affirmative covenants and will contain a financial covenant, which will require us to ensure that our Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio in respect of any Relevant Period (each as defined in the Revolving Facility Agreement) shall not exceed 5:1. Our ability to comply with these covenants depends on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control.
The restrictions contained in the Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture could affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to react to market conditions or take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. For example, such restrictions could adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, make strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances, restructure our organization or finance our capital needs. Additionally, our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. These include prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If we breach any of these covenants or restrictions, we could be in default under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Indenture and our other indebtedness.
If there were an event of default under any of our debt instruments that was not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt could terminate their commitments thereunder and cause all amounts outstanding with respect to such indebtedness to be due and payable immediately, which in turn could result in cross defaults under our other debt instruments, including the Notes. Any such actions could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation, and we may not be able to repay our obligations under the Notes in such an event.
24
Under the Intercreditor Agreement, the holders of the Notes will be required to share recovery proceeds with other secured creditors and have certain limitations on their ability to enforce the security documents.
