24
The Trustee under the Indenture governing the Notes will enter into the Intercreditor Agreement with, among others, the agent under the Revolving Credit Facility, counterparties to certain hedging obligations and the Security Agent. Other creditors may become parties to the Intercreditor Agreement or we may enter into additional Intercreditor Agreements in the future. Among other things, the Intercreditor Agreement governs the enforcement of the security documents, the sharing in any recoveries from such enforcement and the release of the Collateral by the Security Agent.
These arrangements could be disadvantageous to the holders of the Notes in a number of respects. For example, other creditors not party to the Intercreditor Agreement could commence enforcement action against the Issuer or its subsidiaries during the consultation period, the Issuer or one or more of its subsidiaries could seek protection under applicable bankruptcy laws, or the value of certain Collateral could otherwise be impaired or reduced in value. In addition, if we incur substantial additional indebtedness which may be secured on the Collateral, the holders of the Notes may not comprise the majority of the senior secured creditors for the purposes of instructing the Security Agent. The lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, certain hedge counterparties and lenders or creditors of future classes of debt that are permitted to share the security granted in favor of the Notes may have interests that are different from the interest of the holders of the Notes and may, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, elect to pursue remedies under the security documents at a time or in a manner that is not supported by the holders of the Notes. In connection with the enforcement of the Collateral, the Collateral and the guarantees of the Notes may be released in circumstances where the holders of the Notes do not recover any proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral or recover only a limited amount of proceeds.
In addition, lenders under our Revolving Credit Facility, certain hedge counterparties and lenders or creditors under certain other Indebtedness that we may incur in the future will receive priority to the proceeds from the enforcement of shared security. The holders of the Notes will only benefit from the proceeds from the enforcement of Collateral after the obligations to the priority creditors have been satisfied in full. As such, in the event of a foreclosure on the Collateral, your recovery on the Collateral may be limited or may be zero, if the proceeds from an enforcement sale of the Collateral are only sufficient to satisfy the obligations to the priority creditors. In addition, the Intercreditor Agreement will provide that any proceeds from an enforcement of security which is available to satisfy the obligations under the Notes will be paid pro rata in repayment of the Notes and any other obligations secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis. The Intercreditor Agreement will provide that the Security Agent may release certain Collateral in connection with sales of assets pursuant to a permitted disposal or enforcement sale and in other circumstances permitted by the Indenture governing the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility. Therefore, such Collateral available to secure the Notes could be reduced in connection with the sales of assets or otherwise, subject to the requirements of the financing documents and the Indenture governing the Notes.
Up to 50.0 million will be available for additional borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility after completion of the Offering. In addition, the Indenture governing the Notes and our Revolving Credit Facility will permit us, in compliance with the covenants in those agreements, to incur significant additional indebtedness secured by liens on the Collateral. Our ability to incur additional debt in the future secured on the Collateral may have the effect of diluting the ratio of the value of such Collateral to the aggregate amount of the obligations secured by the Collateral.
Enforcing your rights as a noteholder or under the Guarantees or security across multiple jurisdictions may prove difficult.
The Notes will be issued by the Issuer, a company which is organized and established under the laws of Finland, and will be guaranteed by the Guarantors, which are incorporated under the laws of multiple jurisdictions. In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event, proceedings could be initiated in any, all or any combination of the above jurisdictions. Such multi jurisdictional proceedings are likely to be complex and costly for creditors and otherwise may result in greater uncertainty and delay regarding the enforcement of your rights. Your rights under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Collateral will be subject to the bankruptcy, insolvency and administrative laws of several jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that you will be able to effectively enforce your rights in such complex, multiple bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings.
In addition, the bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative and other laws of the Guarantor jurisdictions of organization may be materially different from, or in conflict with, each other, including in the areas of rights of creditors, priority of governmental and other creditors, ability to obtain post-petition interest and duration of the proceeding. The application of these laws, or any conflict among them, could call into question whether the law of any particular jurisdiction should apply, and may adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights under the Notes, the Guarantees, and the Collateral in those jurisdictions or limit any amounts that you may receive.
Moreover, in certain jurisdictions, it is unclear whether all security interests in the Collateral give the Security Agent a right to prevent other creditors from foreclosing on and realizing the Collateral or whether certain security interests only give the Security Agent and the noteholders priority (according to their rank) in the distribution of any proceeds of such realization. Accordingly, the Security Agent and the noteholders may not be able to avoid foreclosure by other creditors (including unsecured creditors) on the Collateral.
