In addition, the bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative and other laws of the Guarantor jurisdictions of organization may be materially different from, or in conflict with, each other, including in the areas of rights of creditors, priority of governmental and other creditors, ability to obtain post-petition interest and duration of the proceeding. The application of these laws, or any conflict among them, could call into question whether the law of any particular jurisdiction should apply, and may adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights under the Notes, the Guarantees, and the Collateral in those jurisdictions or limit any amounts that you may receive.
25
The laws of certain of the jurisdictions in which the Guarantors are organized may limit the ability of these subsidiaries to guarantee debt of other companies. As a result, a court in those jurisdictions may deem the Guarantees to not be valid, which would reduce the amount of Collateral available to satisfy claims under the Notes. See "Certain insolvency considerations and limitations on the validity and enforceability o f the Guarantees and the Deeds o fSurety."
The security interests in the Collateral will be granted to the Security Agent rather than directly to the holders of the Notes. The ability of the Security Agent to enforce the Collateral may be restricted by local law.
The security interests in the Collateral that will secure the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantors under the guarantees shall be granted only in favor of the Security Agent and not directly to the holders of the Notes. The Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement will provide that only the Security Agent has the right to enforce the Security Documents. As a consequence, holders of the Notes will not have direct security interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Notes, except through the Trustee under the Indenture, who will (subject to the provisions of the Indenture) provide instructions to the Security Agent in connection with the Collateral.
Further, in certainjurisdictions, the security interests in the Collateral will also not be granted directly to the holders of the Notes, but rather only in favor of the Security Agent, as beneficiary of parallel debt obligations (the "Parallel Debt"). The Parallel Debt is created to satisfy a requirement under the laws of such jurisdictions that the security agent, as grantee of certain types of Collateral, be a creditor of the relevant security provider. The Parallel Debt is in the same amount and payable at the same time as the obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture and the Notes (the "Principal Obligations"). Any payment in respect of the Principal Obligations shall discharge the corresponding Parallel Debt and any payment in respect of the Parallel Debt shall discharge the corresponding Principal Obligations. Although the Security Agent will have, pursuant to the Parallel Debt, a claim against the Issuer for the full principal amount of the Notes, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to enforce such security except through the Security Agent and will bear some risks associated with a possible insolvency or bankruptcy of the Security Agent. The Parallel Debt obligations referred to above are contained in the Intercreditor Agreement and will also be agreed and acknowledged under the Indenture, which are governed by the laws of England and Wales and New York law, respectively. There is no assurance that such a structure will be effective before other courts as there is no judicial or other guidance as to its efficacy, and therefore the ability of the Security Agent to enforce the Collateral may be restricted.
Ukrainian currency control regulations may impact the Ukrainian Sureties' ability to make payments under the deeds of surety
The National Bank of Ukraine (the "NBU") is empowered to establish policies for and to regulate currency operations in Ukraine and has the power to establish restrictions on currency operations and repatriation of profits. Ukrainian currency controls and practice are subject to change, with the NBU exercising considerable autonomy in interpretation and application.
Each deed of surety given by a Ukrainian Guarantor will constitute a suretyship for the purposes of Ukrainian law. Applicable Ukrainian legislation may be interpreted to require a resident Ukrainian entity to obtain an individual license (a "Foreign Payment License") from the NBU in order to make cross-border payments pursuant to a suretyship (although no Foreign Payment License is required for a resident Ukrainian entity to issue the suretyship). However, the NBU does not issue Foreign Payment Licenses in advance or for contingent payments when the amount and date of a cross-border payment are not known. We are aware of situations where the NBU took a liberal approach to the relevant legislation and did not require a Foreign Payment License to be obtained in order to make a cross-border payment under a suretyship. However, there can be no assurance of NBU's actual position in a particular situation or in the future. At the same time, even if the NBU takes the approach that a Foreign Payment Licence is required for the sureties to make payment under the deeds of surety at the relevant time this should not affect the validity of the deeds of surety. In such circumstances, absent a Foreign Payment License, a Ukrainian surety may be permitted to make cross-border payments under suretyship if such payment is required pursuant to a valid and effective order of a Ukrainian court (including that enforcing a foreign arbitral award).
