The National Bank of Ukraine (the "NBU") is empowered to establish policies for and to regulate currency operations in Ukraine and has the power to establish restrictions on currency operations and repatriation of profits. Ukrainian currency controls and practice are subject to change, with the NBU exercising considerable autonomy in interpretation and application.
The ability of the Ukrainian Sureties to make cross-border payments under the Deed of Surety may be further impeded by Ukrainian currency control regulations restricting a resident Ukrainian entity's ability to purchase foreign currency in order to make payments under a suretyship issued with respect to obligations of a foreign debtor.
Guarantees (Deeds of Surety) and security interests of our Ukrainian subsidiaries will not be available on the Issue Date.
A portion of the proceeds of this Offering will be used to prepay our existing Ukrainian loans as described under "Use o f proceeds." Due to waiver requirements, extended notice periods and regulatory controls, we will not be able to complete the prepayment of the Ukrainian loans on the Issue Date and this prepayment, and the related release of sureties and security over the assets of Slavuta Holdings LLC and Slavuta Plant Budfarfor, PJSC, will occur subsequent to the Issue Date. Prior to the release of these sureties and the related security interests, the Notes will not benefit from the credit support from these entities. Although our Revolving Credit Facility and the Indenture will require us to maintain a guarantor coverage threshold based on EBITDA and asset coverage (tested annually), we cannot assure you that the Ukrainian assets will be available to be included in the credit support benefiting the Notes, or when this security may be available to support the Notes.
26
The Issuer and the Guarantors will have control over the Collateral, and the operation of the business or the sale of particular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Notes.
The Security Documents allow the Issuer and the Guarantors to remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate, and collect, invest and dispose of any income from, the Collateral. So long as no default or event of default under the Indenture would result therefrom, the Issuer and the Guarantors may, among other things, subject to the terms of the Security Documents, without any release or consent by the Trustee or the Security Agent, conduct ordinary course activities with respect to the Collateral such as selling, modifying, factoring, abandoning or otherwise disposing of the Collateral and making ordinary course cash payments, including repayments of indebtedness. Any of these activities could reduce the value of the Collateral, which could reduce the amounts payable to you from the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral in the case of an enforcement of the liens on the Notes. Further, this may prejudice the effectiveness of such Collateral until control is restricted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant Security Document; and the Collateral may still be subject to recovery risk in any insolvency proceeding thereafter.
In addition, the operation of large scale manufacturing activities is subject to hazards such as fire, explosion, release of high temperature steam or water, structural collapse and machinery failure. These and other hazards can cause severe damage to and destruction of the property, plant and products that serves as Collateral. While we intend to continue to maintain insurance or otherwise insure against hazards in the manner described, there are certain losses that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, in whole or in part. Insurance proceeds may not compensate us fully for our losses, and as a result, if there is a loss of any of the Collateral, the insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to replace the Collateral. In addition, even if there is sufficient insurance coverage, there may be significant delays in obtaining the insurance proceeds or replacement Collateral. As a result, if we incur an event that damages or destroys Collateral, it could reduce the aggregate value of the Collateral, which could reduce the amounts payable to you from the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral in the case of an enforcement of the liens on the Notes.
The value of the Collateral and the Guarantees may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Notes or the Guarantees.
