In addition, the operation of large scale manufacturing activities is subject to hazards such as fire, explosion, release of high temperature steam or water, structural collapse and machinery failure. These and other hazards can cause severe damage to and destruction of the property, plant and products that serves as Collateral. While we intend to continue to maintain insurance or otherwise insure against hazards in the manner described, there are certain losses that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, in whole or in part. Insurance proceeds may not compensate us fully for our losses, and as a result, if there is a loss of any of the Collateral, the insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to replace the Collateral. In addition, even if there is sufficient insurance coverage, there may be significant delays in obtaining the insurance proceeds or replacement Collateral. As a result, if we incur an event that damages or destroys Collateral, it could reduce the aggregate value of the Collateral, which could reduce the amounts payable to you from the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral in the case of an enforcement of the liens on the Notes.
The assets that constitute the Collateral hereunder are also pledged, on a priority basis, for the benefit of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and counterparties under certain priority hedging obligations, as well as certain additional indebtedness which may be incurred in the future. In addition, the Indenture will allow us to incur certain additional permitted indebtedness in the future that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu orjunior basis. See "Description o f the Notes--Certain covenants." The incurrence of any additional secured indebtedness or a reduction in the value of the Collateral would reduce amounts payable to you from the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral. The value of the Collateral and the amount to be received upon a sale of such Collateral will depend upon many factors, including, among others, the ability to sell the Collateral in an orderly sale, the condition of the economies in which our operations are located, the availability of buyers and other factors. The book value of the Collateral should not be relied on as a measure of realizable value for such assets. Portions of the Collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. The Collateral is located in a number of countries, and the multi-jurisdictional nature of any foreclosure on the Collateral may limit the realizable value of the Collateral. To the extent that holders of other secured debt or third parties enjoy liens (including statutory liens), whether or not permitted by the Indenture, such holders or third parties may have rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral securing the Notes and the Guarantees which, if exercised, could reduce the proceeds available to satisfy the obligations under the Notes and the Guarantees. The Intercreditor Agreement will provide that, in the event of any distribution of the proceeds from the sale of any shared Collateral securing the Notes, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the counterparties to certain priority hedging obligations will be entitled to receive from such distribution payment before the holders of the Notes will be entitled to receive any payment from such distribution with respect to the Notes or the Guarantees, which will reduce the amounts remaining to satisfy the obligations under the Notes. As a result, in the event of an enforcement of the liens in respect of the Notes, the proceeds from the sale of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Notes or the obligations of the Guarantors under the Guarantees.
It may be difficult to realize the value of the Collateral securing the Notes.
The Collateral securing the Notes will be subject to any and all exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections permitted under the Indenture. The existence of any such exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections could adversely affect the value of the Collateral securing the Notes as well as the ability of the Security Agent to realize or foreclose on that Collateral.
The security interests of the Security Agent will be subject to practical problems generally associated with the realization of security interests in Collateral. For example, the Security Agent may need to obtain the consent of a third party, including in some cases regulatory requirements, to enforce a security interest. We cannot assure you that the Security Agent will be able to obtain any such consents. We also cannot assure you that the consents of any third parties will be given when required to facilitate a foreclosure on such assets. Accordingly, the Security Agent may not have the ability to foreclose upon those assets and the value of the Collateral may significantly decrease.
In addition, our business requires a variety of national, state and local permits and licenses. The continued operation of properties that comprise part of the Collateral and which depend on the maintenance of such permits and licenses may be prohibited. Our business is subject to regulations and permitting requirements and may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with
27
existing regulations or requirements or changes in applicable regulations or requirements. In the event of foreclosure, the transfer of such permits and licenses may be prohibited or may require us to incur significant cost and expense. Further, we cannot assure you that the applicable governmental authorities will consent to the transfer of all such permits. If the regulatory approvals required for such transfers are not obtained or are delayed, the foreclosure may be delayed, a temporary shutdown of operations may result and the value of the Collateral may be significantly decreased.
Your rights in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the Collateral, particularly in certain Collateral that will be granted subsequent to the issuance of the Notes. Under applicable law, a security interest in certain tangible and intangible assets can only be properly perfected, and its priority retained, through certain actions undertaken by the secured party and/or the grantor of the security. The liens in the Collateral securing the Notes may not be perfected with respect to the claims of the Notes if we or the Security Agent fails or is unable to take the actions we are required to take to perfect any of these liens. In addition, applicable law requires that certain property and rights acquired after the grant of a general security interest, such as real property, products subject to a certificate and certain proceeds, can only be perfected at, or promptly following, the time such property and rights are acquired and identified. It should also be noted that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Security Documents, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is required to perfect the Collateral in relation to all security assets (such as bank accounts, dividends and receivables) before an event of default or an acceleration event. This may prejudice the effectiveness of such Collateral until such Collateral is perfected and the Collateral may still be subject to recovery risk in any insolvency proceeding thereafter.
