existing regulations or requirements or changes in applicable regulations or requirements. In the event of foreclosure, the transfer of such permits and licenses may be prohibited or may require us to incur significant cost and expense. Further, we cannot assure you that the applicable governmental authorities will consent to the transfer of all such permits. If the regulatory approvals required for such transfers are not obtained or are delayed, the foreclosure may be delayed, a temporary shutdown of operations may result and the value of the Collateral may be significantly decreased.
Neither the Trustee nor the Security Agent for the Notes will monitor, or we may not comply with our obligations to inform the Trustee or Security Agent of, any future acquisition of property and rights by us, and the necessary action may not be taken to properly perfect the security interest in such after-acquired property or rights. Such failure may result in the invalidity of the security interest in the Collateral or adversely affect the priority of the security interest in favor of the Notes against third parties. Neither the Trustee nor the Security Agent for the Notes has any obligation to monitor the acquisition of additional property or rights by us or the perfection of any security interest.
The Notes will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities of our non-guarantor subsidiaries. Some, but not all, of our subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes. Generally, holders of indebtedness of, and trade creditors of, non guarantor subsidiaries, including lenders under bank financing agreements, are entitled to payments of their claims from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets are made available for distribution to any guarantor, as direct or indirect shareholder.
Accordingly, in the event that any non-guarantor subsidiary becomes insolvent, liquidates or otherwise reorganizes, the creditors of the Issuer (including the holders of the Notes) will have no right to proceed against the assets of such subsidiary and creditors of such non-guarantor subsidiary, including trade creditors, will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other disposal of the assets of such subsidiary before any guarantor, as direct or indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive any distributions from such subsidiary.
Any of the debt that our non-guarantor subsidiaries incur in the future in accordance with the Indenture will rank structurally senior to the Notes and the Guarantees.
Insolvency laws and other limitations may adversely affect the validity of the Guarantees and Collateral. The Issuer and the Guarantors are organized in various jurisdictions including the Netherlands, England, Finland, Germany, Poland, Sweden, Ukraine, and Italy. In general, applicable insolvency laws and limitations on the enforceability of foreign judgments could limit the enforceability of any judgments against the Issuer and the Guarantors of the Notes and Guarantees. Additionally, these jurisdictions may provide you with less protection than your home jurisdiction in the event of a bankruptcy of the Issuer and/or Guarantors.
Enforcement of each Guarantee and the relevant security will, where applicable, be limited to the extent of the amount which can be guaranteed or secured by a particular Guarantor without rendering the Guarantee, as it relates to that Guarantor or security, voidable or otherwise ineffective under applicable law and without rendering the Guarantor insolvent or subject to any legal cause that would require it to be dissolved. These laws and defenses include those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, insolvency, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate purpose or benefit, preservation of share capital, thin capitalization and defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally.
In an insolvency proceeding, it is possible that creditors or the appointed insolvency administrator may challenge the Guarantees and security, and intercompany obligations generally, as fraudulent transfers or conveyances or on other grounds. Insolvency laws may then permit a court, if it makes certain findings, to void or invalidate all or a portion of a Guarantor's obligations under its Guarantee or the security provided by such Guarantor; direct that holders of the Notes return any amounts paid under a Guarantee or any Security Document to the relevant Guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of the Guarantor's creditors; or take other action that is detrimental to holders of our Notes.
Different jurisdictions evaluate insolvency on various criteria, but a guarantor is generally considered insolvent at the time it issued a guarantee or created any security if:
