In an insolvency proceeding, it is possible that creditors or the appointed insolvency administrator may challenge the Guarantees and security, and intercompany obligations generally, as fraudulent transfers or conveyances or on other grounds. Insolvency laws may then permit a court, if it makes certain findings, to void or invalidate all or a portion of a Guarantor's obligations under its Guarantee or the security provided by such Guarantor; direct that holders of the Notes return any amounts paid under a Guarantee or any Security Document to the relevant Guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of the Guarantor's creditors; or take other action that is detrimental to holders of our Notes.
> its liabilities exceed the fair market value of its assets;
> it cannot pay its debts as and when they become due; or
28
> the present salable value of its assets is less than the amount required to pay its total existing debts and liabilities, including contingent and prospective liabilities, as they mature or become absolute.
We cannot assure you which standard a court would apply in determining whether a guarantor was "insolvent" as of the date the Guarantees were issued or security was created or that, regardless of the method of valuation, a court would not determine that a Guarantor was insolvent on that date. Nor can we assure you that a court would not determine, regardless of whether or not a Guarantor was insolvent on the date its Guarantee was issued or security was created, that the issuance of the Guarantees or creation of security or payments to holders of the Notes constituted fraudulent transfers on other grounds. Should a court so hold, you may cease to have any claim in respect of the Guarantor or other person and you would be a creditor solely of the Issuer and any remaining Guarantors. An overview of the enforceability issues as they relate to the Guarantees and Security Documents is set forth under "Certain insolvency considerations and limitations on validity and enforceability o f the Guarantees and the Deeds o f Surety."
Enforcement of the Guarantees across jurisdictions may be difficult.
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Finland, and the Guarantors are incorporated under the laws of multiple jurisdictions. Each entity is subject to the insolvency laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated. In the event that any one or more of the Issuer, the Guarantors, any future Guarantors, or any of our other subsidiaries experienced financial difficulty, the jurisdiction in which insolvency or similar proceedings might commence is uncertain. Nor can the outcome of such proceedings be predicted.
The rights under the Guarantees will be subject to the laws of a number ofjurisdictions, and there can be no assurance as to how the insolvency laws of these jurisdictions will be utilized in relation to one another. The application of these laws, or any conflict among them, could adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights under the Guarantees and to realize any recovery under the Notes. See "Certain insolvency considerations and limitations on validity and enforceability o f the Guarantees and the Deeds o f Surety."
