The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Finland, and the Guarantors are incorporated under the laws of multiple jurisdictions. Each entity is subject to the insolvency laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated. In the event that any one or more of the Issuer, the Guarantors, any future Guarantors, or any of our other subsidiaries experienced financial difficulty, the jurisdiction in which insolvency or similar proceedings might commence is uncertain. Nor can the outcome of such proceedings be predicted.
This description, as well as any other descriptions of insolvency law considerations in the jurisdictions of the Issuer and the Guarantors, is only a summary and does not purport to be complete or to discuss all of the limitations or considerations that may affect the validity and enforceability of the Notes or the Guarantees. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own legal advisors with respect to such limitations and considerations.
You may be unable to recover in civil proceedings for U.S. securities laws violations.
We are organized under the laws of Finland and do not have any material assets in the United States. We anticipate that some or all of our directors and executive officers and the directors and officers of the Guarantors will be non-residents of the United States and that all or a majority of their assets will be located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon us, the Guarantors, or our or their respective directors and executive officers, or to enforce any judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. In addition, we cannot assure you that civil liabilities predicated upon the federal securities laws of the United States will be enforceable in Finland or any other jurisdiction. See "Service ofprocess and enforcement o f civil liabilities."
You may face foreign exchange risks or adverse tax consequences by investing in the Notes denominated in foreign currencies.
The Notes will be denominated and payable in euros. If you are a U.S. dollar or other non-euro investor, an investment in the Notes will entail foreign exchange-related risks due to, among other factors, possible significant changes in the value of the euro relative to the U.S. dollar or other relevant currencies because of economic, political or other factors over which we have no control. Depreciation of the euro against the U.S. dollar or other relevant currencies could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Notes below their stated margin rate and could result in a loss to you when the return on the Notes is translated into the currency by reference to which you measure the return on your investments. Investments in the Notes by U.S. investors may also have important tax consequences as a result of foreign exchange gains, if any. See "Certain tax considerations."
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase your Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indenture, and the change of control provision in the Indenture may not afford you protection against certain corporate events.
Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control, the Issuer is required to offer to repurchase all outstanding Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. If a change of control were to occur, we cannot assure you that we would have sufficient funds available at such time to pay the purchase price of the outstanding Notes. We expect that we would require third party financing to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a change of control. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such financing. In addition, restrictions in our then-existing contractual obligations, including the Revolving Credit Facility, may not allow us to make such required repurchases upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control. If an event constituting a change of control occurs at a time when the Issuer is prohibited from repurchasing Notes, the Issuer may seek the consent of the lenders under such indebtedness to the purchase of Notes or may attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain such prohibition. If the Issuer does not obtain such consent or repay such borrowings, the Issuer will remain prohibited from repurchasing any tendered Notes. A change of control may result in an event of default under, or acceleration of, the Revolving Credit Facility and other indebtedness. The repurchase of the Notes pursuant to such an offer could cause a default under such
29
