Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control, the Issuer is required to offer to repurchase all outstanding Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. If a change of control were to occur, we cannot assure you that we would have sufficient funds available at such time to pay the purchase price of the outstanding Notes. We expect that we would require third party financing to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a change of control. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such financing. In addition, restrictions in our then-existing contractual obligations, including the Revolving Credit Facility, may not allow us to make such required repurchases upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control. If an event constituting a change of control occurs at a time when the Issuer is prohibited from repurchasing Notes, the Issuer may seek the consent of the lenders under such indebtedness to the purchase of Notes or may attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain such prohibition. If the Issuer does not obtain such consent or repay such borrowings, the Issuer will remain prohibited from repurchasing any tendered Notes. A change of control may result in an event of default under, or acceleration of, the Revolving Credit Facility and other indebtedness. The repurchase of the Notes pursuant to such an offer could cause a default under such
indebtedness, even if the change of control itself does not. Any failure by the Issuer to offer to purchase Notes would constitute a default under the Indenture, which would in turn constitute a default under the Revolving Credit Facility, and could result in an acceleration of our indebtedness thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. See "Description o f the Notes--Certain covenants."
The change of control provision contained in the Indenture may not necessarily afford you protection in the event of certain important corporate events, including a reorganization, restructuring, merger or other similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect you, because such corporate events may not involve a shift in voting power or beneficial ownership or, even if they do, may not constitute a "Change of Control" as defined in the Indenture. Except as described under "Description o f the Notes--Certain covenants--Change o f control," the Indenture does not contain provisions that require us to offer to repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a reorganization, restructuring, merger, recapitalization or similar transaction.
The definition of "change of control" contained in the Indenture includes a disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and the restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase "all or substantially all," there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of "all or substantially all" of the assets of the Issuer and the restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a change of control has occurred and whether the Issuer is required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes.
The Notes will initially be held in book-entry form, and therefore you must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing systems to exercise any rights and remedies.
The Notes will initially only be issued in global certificated form and held through Euroclear and Clearstream.
Interests in the global notes will trade in book-entry form only, and the Notes in definitive registered form, or definitive registered notes, will be issued in exchange for book-entry interests only in very limited circumstances. Owners of book-entry interests will not be considered owners of the Notes. The common depositary, or its nominee, for Euroclear and Clearstream will be the sole registered holder of the global notes representing the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and other amounts owing on or in respect of the global notes representing the Notes will be made to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as principal paying agent, which will make payments to Euroclear and Clearstream. Thereafter, these payments will be credited to participants' accounts that hold book-entry interests in the global notes representing the Notes and credited by such participants to indirect participants. After payment to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, we will have no responsibility or liability for the payment of interest, principal or other amounts to the owners of book-entry interests. Accordingly, if you own a book-entry interest, you must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, and if you are not a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, on the procedures of the participant through which you own your interest, to exercise any rights and obligations of a holder of the Notes under the Indenture.
Unlike the holders of the Notes themselves, owners of book-entry interests will not have the direct right to act upon our solicitations for consents, requests for waivers or other actions from holders of the Notes. Instead, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be permitted to act only to the extent you have received appropriate proxies to do so from Euroclear or Clearstream. The procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies may not be sufficient to enable you to vote on a timely basis.
Similarly, upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Indenture, unless and until definitive registered Notes are issued in respect of all book-entry interests, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be restricted to acting through Euroclear and Clearstream. The procedures to be implemented through Euroclear and Clearstream may not be adequate to ensure the timely exercise of rights under the Notes.
