Unlike the holders of the Notes themselves, owners of book-entry interests will not have the direct right to act upon our solicitations for consents, requests for waivers or other actions from holders of the Notes. Instead, if you own a book-entry interest, you will be permitted to act only to the extent you have received appropriate proxies to do so from Euroclear or Clearstream. The procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies may not be sufficient to enable you to vote on a timely basis.
Transfers of the Notes are restricted, which may adversely affect the value of the Notes.
The Notes are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws of the United States. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws. Therefore, you may not transfer or sell the Notes in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or pursuant to an effective registration statement, and you may be required to bear the risk of your investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. The Notes and the Indenture governing the Notes contain provisions that restrict the Notes from being offered, sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to the exemptions available pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act, or other exceptions under the U.S. Securities Act. In addition, by acceptance of delivery of any Notes, the holder thereof agrees on its own behalf and on behalf of any investor accounts for which it has purchased the Notes that it shall not transfer the Notes in an aggregate principal amount of less than 100,000. Furthermore, we have not registered the Notes under any other country's securities laws. These restrictions will limit your ability to transfer your Notes and may prevent or impair an active trading market from developing. As a result, the restrictions on your ability to transfer your Notes may adversely impact the value of your Notes. See "Notice to investors''
30
There is no established trading market for the Notes. If a market for the Notes does not develop, you may be unable to sell your Notes. The Notes are new issues of securities for which there is currently no established trading market. Accordingly, there can be no assurances as to the development or liquidity of any market for them. We will apply for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Euro MTF Market. However, the Notes may not become or remain listed on that exchange. Although the Initial Purchasers have advised us that they intend to make a market in the Notes as permitted by applicable laws and regulations, they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue their market-making activities at any time at their sole discretion and without notice. The liquidity of the trading market in the Notes and the market price quoted for the Notes may be adversely affected by changes in the overall market for similar yield securities, interest rates, our financial performance or prospects or in the prospects for companies in our industry generally. Historically, the market for non-investment grade debt has been subject to substantial volatility, which could adversely affect the price at which you may sell your Notes. In addition, subsequent to their initial issuance, the Notes may trade at a discount from their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar notes, our operating performance and other factors. As a result, an active trading market for the Notes may not develop or, if developed, may not continue, and you may be unable to sell your Notes. The Notes may not become, or remain, listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Although the Issuer will apply to have the Notes admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Euro MTF Market within a reasonable period after the issuance of the Notes, the Issuer cannot assure that the Notes will become or remain listed. The Issuer may cease to make or maintain such listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and may seek to obtain and maintain the listing of the Notes on another stock exchange, although there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. Although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or another recognized listing exchange for comparable issuers in accordance with the Indenture, failure to be approved for listing or the delisting of the Notes from the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or another listing exchange in accordance with the Indenture may have a material adverse effect on a holder's ability to sell the Notes. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, are not recommendations to buy or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time of the credit rating assigned to the Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of our financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of the Notes.
31
Use of proceeds
The gross proceeds from the sale of the Notes offered hereby is 250.0 million, and the estimated net proceeds is 242.0 million.
We intend to use the proceeds from the Offering to (i) repay our existing indebtedness, (ii) make a distribution to our shareholders and (iii) pay the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offering, including underwriting fees and commissions.
