i
The Issuer is offering the Notes in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. These exemptions apply to offers and sales of securities that do not involve a public offering. The Notes have not been registered with, recommended by or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or any other securities commission or regulatory authority, nor has the SEC or any such securities commission or authority passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this offering memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense in the United States.
The Issuer and the Guarantors have prepared this Offering Memorandum solely for use in connection with this Offering and for application of the Notes for listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for trading on the Euro MTF Market. You may not distribute this Offering Memorandum or make photocopies of it without the Issuer's prior written consent other than to people you have retained to advise you in connection with this Offering. You agree that you will hold the information contained in this Offering Memorandum and the transactions contemplated hereby in confidence.
You are not to construe the contents of this Offering Memorandum as investment, legal or tax advice. You should consult your own counsel, accountants and other advisors as to legal, tax, business, financial and related aspects of a purchase of the Notes. You are responsible for making your own examination of the Issuer, the Guarantors, and your own assessment of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. None of UBS Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Danske Bank A/S and DNB Bank ASA (the "Initial Purchasers"), the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee nor any agent named herein is making any representation to you regarding the legality of an investment in the Notes by you under appropriate legal investment or similar laws.
The information contained in this Offering Memorandum has been furnished by the Issuer, the Guarantors, and other sources the Issuer and the Guarantors believe to be reliable. None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee, the Agents nor the Initial Purchasers represent that the information in this Offering Memorandum is complete. This Offering Memorandum contains summaries, believed to be accurate, of some of the terms of specific documents, but reference is made to the actual documents for the complete information contained in those documents. All summaries contained herein are qualified in their entirety by this reference. Copies of certain documents and other information relating to the issuance of the Notes will be available at the specified offices of the listing agent in Luxembourg. See "Listing and general information."
The Initial Purchasers will provide prospective investors with a copy of this Offering Memorandum and any related amendments or supplements. By receiving this Offering Memorandum, you acknowledge that you have not relied on the Initial Purchasers in connection with your investigation of the accuracy of this information or your decision whether or not to invest in the Notes.
The information contained under "Currency presentation and exchange rate information" includes extracts from information and data publicly released by official sources. While the Issuer accepts responsibility for accurately summarizing the information concerning exchange rate information, the Issuer accepts no further responsibility in respect of such information. The information set out in those sections of this Offering Memorandum describing clearing and settlement is subject to any change or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream currently in effect. Investors wishing to use these clearing systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of their rules, regulations and procedures. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, book-entry interests held through the facilities of any clearing system or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such book-entry interests.
No person is authorized in connection with this Offering to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Offering Memorandum and, if given or made, any other information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer or the Guarantors or the Initial Purchasers. The information contained in this Offering Memorandum is accurate as of the date hereof and may change after that date. Neither the delivery of this Offering Memorandum at any time nor any subsequent commitment to purchase the Notes shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the information set forth in this Offering Memorandum or in the business of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date of this Offering Memorandum.
ii
