#4677457/1
-
10. Vessel Owner 2 will exercise the call option to acquire the Da Vinci. Harkand Da Vinci: Marine Investment SÅ will transfer registered title to the Atlantis to Vessel Owner 2,
11. The Bpsting, Bareboat Charterer will assign the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1 arid the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 to its immediate; parent company, Iremis, in return for a bäck tö back receivable equal to the:sum of these two receivables (USD [177.4] million).
12. Vessel Owner 1 will novate its liabilities under the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1 to the Issuer, 1b return for accepting å back to back intercompany liability to the issuer of equal amount ([88.7] million). This intercompany liability will be added to the balance of the Internal Loan 1j bringing the balance to USD-15 S million,
13. Vessel Owner 2 Will novate its liabilities under the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 to th e issuer, in return for accepting a bäck to back intercompany liability to the Issuer of equal amount ([88.7] million), This intercompany liability will be added to the balance of the internal Loan 2, bringing the balance to USD 155 million.
14. The Basting Bareboat Charterer Receivable \ and the Basting Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 (together* the "Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable") Will, represent a liability o f the Issuer towards Iremis Of USD [177.4 million]. The Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable w ill offset against the Iremis Loan 3, reducing the net balance o f the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable to USD [96.7],
15. Iremis will distribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate, parent, th e Charterer, as dividend in specie or in return for a back tö back receivable of the same amount.
16. The Charterer Will distribute the Existing Barebpat Charterer Receivable to its immediate parent,, the Charter Parent, as dividend in specie or in return for a back to back receivable of the same amount. The Charter Parent will convert arty such receivable into a preference share in the Charterer.
