"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group (including any Unrestricted Subsidiary), the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group (including any Unrestricted Subsidiary) and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clauses 12.14.1 (a) and (b).
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 26.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and its all of Subsidiaries from time to time (excluding any Unrestricted Subsidiary) (each a "Group Company").
5
"Holder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 18 {Holders 'Meeting).
"IFRS" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Intercreditor Agreements" means any intercreditor agreements, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, to be entered into between any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer (as subordinated creditor) and the Agent (on behalf of the Holders) (as senior creditor) and the Issuer or another Group Company (as applicable) (as debtor) in relation to Shareholder Loans or any other intercreditor agreements entered into in order to fulfil the requirements of Shareholder Loans.
"Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt" is met if the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA calculated in accordance with the Incurrence Test Calculation Principles is not greater than the lower of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA on (a) the last day of the financial year 2013/2014 according to the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year 2013/2014 or (b) the relevant testing date for the application of the Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt, excluding any effects of the relevant Acquisition in the calculation.
