(d) 101.75 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date; or
"Cash Pool Arrangements" means any cash pooling arrangement including Nobina AB (publ) and its Subsidiaries with the Issuer as top account holder.
"Cash Pool Indebtedness" means any indebtedness arising under the Cash Pool Arrangements, but only to the extent such indebtedness is a result of a cash pool participant having utilised cash in excess of its net-balance in any cash pool.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being a direct or indirect shareholder in the Issuer as of the Issue Date, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
2
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O.Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Danish Restructuring" means a transaction whereby the Issuer incorporates a new, directly held, Subsidiary holding company (i.e. a Pledged Group Company) which acquires Nobina Danmark A/S and Nobina Fleet Denmark, provided that the acquisition of Nobina Fleet Demnark does not entail any cash payment or indebtedness other than Shareholder Loans to any person which is not a Group Company.
