The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Voluntary partial repayment
The Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding SEK 100,000 of principal debt outstanding per Bond (rounded off to a multiple of SEK 1,000) at one occasion per each twelve (12) month period during the first three (3) years after the Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount, plus (a) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 4.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, and (b) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
Equity claw back
Upon an Equity Listing Event, the Issuer may, at one occasion, repay up to 40.00 per cent, of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided that at least 60.00 per cent of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within one hundred and eighty-five (185) calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering), and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 4.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, or such lower amount as is set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
Distributions
