"Escrow Bank" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (reg. no. 502032-9081, Kungstradgardsgatan 8, SE-106 40 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over" means the Existing SEK Bonds which in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' acceptance of the Existing Bondholders' roll-over shall be used as payment for the Bonds in the Bond Issue (in kind) ("Roll-Over Bonds"). Applicants delivering Roll-Over Bonds will receive accrued but unpaid interest on the Roll-Over Bonds up until (and including) the Issue Date in cash, together with a cash compensation for the difference in interest rate between the Existing SEK Bonds and the Bonds from (but excluding) the Issue Date up until (and including) the early redemption date of the Existing SEK Bonds, both payable on or about the Issue Date.
"Existing Bonds" means the outstanding senior secured bonds 2012/2017 issued by the Issuer for the bondholders thereunder (the "Existing Bondholders") of maximum SEK 518,849,880 with ISIN SE0004725000 (the "Existing SEK Bonds") and maximum EUR 3,749,550 with ISIN SE0004725018, which shall be prepaid in full and/or rolled-over into Bonds (as applicable) in connection with the Bond Issue.
"Existing Bond Security" means all security provided in relation to the Existing Bonds.
"Factoring Facility" means a facility under which receivables are sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under Original IFRS are met).
"Final Redemption Date" means 13 May 2019.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any Transaction Costs or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreements (if any), the Security Documents, the Agent Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
