BRAVIDA HOLDING AB (PUBL)
Prospectus regarding listing of SEK 1,300,000,000 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2019
1
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
On June 11, 2013, Bravida Holding AB (publ), a registered Swedish public limited liability company (the "Issuer"), issued (the "Issue") 225 million aggregate principal amount of its euro-denominated senior secured floating rate notes due 2019 (the "EUR Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes") and SEK1,300 million aggregate principal amount of its Swedish kronor-denominated senior secured floating rate notes due 2019 (the "SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes" and, together with the EUR Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, the "Notes"). This prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been prepared for the listing of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes on the regulated market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm in Sweden ("NASDAQ OMX Stockholm"). This Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell the Notes. See the section "Certain Definitions" for the definitions of terms in this Prospectus.
The Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the "SFSA") pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 2, Sections 25 and 26 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (lagen (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) (the "Trading Act"). Approval and registration by the SFSA does not imply that the SFSA guarantees that the information provided in the Prospectus is correct and complete.
This Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Prospectus.
This Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. The SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. Subject to certain exemptions, the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Prospectus. Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes implies that the information in this Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer's business since the date of this Prospectus. If the information in this Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in the Trading Act.
