Continue to Focus on Recurring Revenues
8
Continue to Leverage "Green Economy" Initiatives
As energy prices rise and concerns over climate change increase, local, national and regional authorities, corporate customers and the public are increasingly demanding socially responsible energy consumption. We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of growth in the "green economy." The energy consumption of a building is significantly influenced by the design of its electrical, heating and plumbing, and HVAC systems. As a leading Scandinavian installer and servicer of these systems, we are able to support customers seeking to optimize energy utilization in both new and existing buildings. We also offer energy efficiency solutions for several different types of power generation. We aim to increase our revenues attributable to the "green economy" by further developing innovative installation and service offerings in the area of energy efficiency.
Continue to Grow Our Market Presence Through Bolt-on Acquisitions and Continued Participation in Industry Consolidation The installation and technical services industry remains highly fragmented, presenting us with attractive acquisition
opportunities. We continually evaluate opportunities to acquire and integrate other installation and technical services providers in Scandinavia in order to strengthen our competitive position, broaden the range of our offering and increase our presence in our existing markets. We make acquisition decisions at the branch level or centrally, depending on the size of the target and pursue acquisition opportunities that meet our strategic goals on terms acceptable to us. We believe we have significant experience in identifying, executing and integrating acquisitions while remaining focused on our financial policies. We intend to continue to grow through strategic bolt-on acquisitions by pursuing a two-prong acquisition strategy. First, in our core geographic markets, we intend to continue to consolidate our leading position through bolt-on acquisitions. In these markets, we intend to focus on targets that provide access to technical capabilities or geographic coverage that complements our existing capabilities and address any gaps within our current offering, particularly in Sweden and Norway. We also plan to identify targets based on their potential to supplement our offering in our strategic geographic locations. Secondly, we intend to grow selectively within complementary geographic markets, where we believe we will be able to efficiently replicate our core business model. We aim to continue to realize the operational synergies offered by the companies we acquire and to improve their performance by aligning their operations with our business.
The Sponsor
Bain Capital is a leading global private investment firm, whose affiliates advise or manage several pools of capital, including private equity, venture capital, public equity, global macro and leveraged debt assets. Since its inception in 1984, Bain Capital and its affiliated funds have completed over 370 transactions in a broad set of industries, including such leading companies as Securitas, Edcon, IMCD, WorldPay, TeamSystem, Brenntag, SigmaKalon, Toys "R" Us, Burger King, Staples, Burlington Coat Factory, Domino's Pizza, Michaels and Gymboree. Headquartered in Boston, Bain Capital has offices in New York, Palo Alto, London, Luxembourg, Munich, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Shanghai and Tokyo.
The Refinancing
