(A) Loss recorded in our income statement in connection with the sale of Aug Larsen AS, one of our Norwegian subsidiaries. We completed the sale of Aug Larsen AS in November 2012.
(4) Represents EBITDA divided by net sales. (5) Represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. (6) Represents gross profit divided by net sales. (7) For a detailed description of our capital expenditures, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Capital
Expenditures." (8) Net debt represents total long-term interest bearing debt minus cash and cash equivalents. (9) Working capital represents current assets minus current liabilities. (10) Free cash flow represents earnings before tax adjusted for non-cash items, add back of interest expense and cash flow from change in working capital, less acquisition
of intangible assets, less maintenance capital expenditures, plus sale of maintenance capital expenditures. (11) Cash conversion represents free cash flow divided by EBITDA. (12) Represents total long-term interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents after giving effect to the Issue. (13) Represents total senior secured borrowings less available cash and cash equivalents after giving effect to the Issue. (14) Represents our interest expense for the last twelve months ended March 31, 2013 after giving recalculation effect to the Refinancing as if it had occurred on April 1,
2012 and further assuming that (i) the Revolving Credit Facility remained undrawn during such period, (ii) a constant three-month EURIBOR rate of 0.2000% (the
19
Bloomberg closing rate as of June 3, 2013), (iii) a constant three-month STIBOR rate of 1.2120% (the Bloomberg closing rate as of June 3, 2013), (iv) no costs of hedging, and (v) a SEK to euro convenience translation rate of SEK8.6185 = 1.00, which represents the average exchange rate for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 as published by Bloomberg (London Composite Rate). The recalculated interest expense includes the commitment fee payable in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility. Recalculated interest expense has been presented for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to reflect what our interest expense would have actually been had the Refinancing occurred on the date assumed, nor does it purport to project our interest expense for any future period or our financial condition at any future date. (15) Total number of branches represents our estimate of the total number of our branches as of the date mentioned. The total number of our branches changes from time to time and it is not possible for us to accurately present the exact number of our branches at any given time. (16) Total number of employees represents average number of employees. (17) Represents net sales divided by total number of employees.
20
RISK FACTORS
