· the policies of transnational institutions, such as the European Central Bank and other institutions of the European Union, which influence the performance of national economies in countries in which we operate; and
Unfavorable developments with respect to any or all of these or other factors can have a significant impact on the demand for the services that we offer, both in terms of decreased volumes and price levels.
One of our main market drivers is activity in the new construction market, which is sensitive to general business and economic conditions both regionally and worldwide, including the availability of credit, interest rates, inflation, fluctuations in capital, the credit and mortgage markets, changes in tax laws affecting the real estate industry, unemployment levels, and business and consumer confidence. The demand for some of our services is cyclical to the construction market.
We also provide our services to the renovation and maintenance and related services market, which has historically been more resilient to macroeconomic changes and tends to be countercyclical. However, high mortgage delinquency and foreclosure rates and limitations in the availability of home improvement financing may limit consumers' spending during economic downturns, particularly on discretionary items, and affect their confidence level, leading to continued reduced spending on home improvement projects. The impact of these economic factors specific to the renovation and maintenance market may be further exacerbated by unemployment levels.
There was a significant decline in global economic growth beginning in the second half of 2008 and continuing through 2009. In addition, volatility and disruption in the capital markets during that period reached unprecedented levels, with stock markets falling dramatically and credit becoming very expensive or unavailable to many companies. As a result of these developments, many lenders and institutional investors reduced, and in some cases ceased, to provide funding to borrowers. When the liquidity of our customers declines, their ability to purchase our services also declines.
Although industry conditions began to improve, with Sweden's GDP in particular growing to 6.6% in 2010 from a negative growth rate of 5.0% in 2009, weakening economic conditions in the Scandinavian countries beginning in the second half of 2012 had a negative impact on our revenues compared to the prior period. Adverse developments in global financial markets and general business and economic conditions, including economic recessions, downturns or negative developments or general weakness in the economies of the Scandinavian countries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
A key element of our growth strategy involves acquisitions, and we may experience difficulties identifying acquisition targets, integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies.
Growth through acquisitions is one of our key growth strategies. We regularly identify and evaluate acquisition opportunities. Although we have not currently entered into binding agreements with respect to any potential acquisitions, we may in the future, including prior to the completion of the Offering, enter into binding agreements to acquire additional businesses that we expect to complement or augment our existing operations. There can be no assurance, however, that suitable acquisition targets will be identified in the future, or that we will be able to finance such acquisitions on favorable terms. Furthermore,
21
