 difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of acquired businesses with our existing operations and personnel;
 impairment of relationships with key suppliers or customers of acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership and the restructuring of logistics and information technology systems;
 the inability to retain key employees of acquired businesses;
 difficulty avoiding labor disruptions in connection with any integration, particularly in connection with any headcount reduction; and
 the incurrence of substantial debt.
The occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, there can be no assurance that, following integration into our group, an acquired operation will be able to maintain its customer base consistent with expectations or generate the expected margins or cash flow. Although we analyze each acquisition target, our assessments are subject to a number of assumptions concerning profitability, growth, interest rates and company valuations. We may have difficulties in implementing our business model within an acquired company due to various factors, including conflicting corporate culture. There can be no assurance that our assessments of and assumptions regarding acquisition targets will prove to be correct and actual developments may differ significantly from our expectations.
In agreeing to acquire entities, we generally make certain assumptions and determinations on, among other things, future net sales and earnings, based on our investigation of the respective businesses and other information then available. We cannot assure you that our assumptions and determinations will prove to be correct or that liabilities, contingencies or other risks previously not known to us will not arise. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to acquire companies depending on the concentration of ownership in specific markets and our relative market position. Any such unanticipated risks, liabilities, contingencies, losses or issues, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Furthermore, acquisitions of companies expose us to the risk of unforeseen obligations with respect to employees, customers, suppliers and subcontractors of acquired businesses, public authorities and other parties. We cannot ensure that there will not be unexpected risks or obligations. Such obligations, were they to materialize, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
