In agreeing to acquire entities, we generally make certain assumptions and determinations on, among other things, future net sales and earnings, based on our investigation of the respective businesses and other information then available. We cannot assure you that our assumptions and determinations will prove to be correct or that liabilities, contingencies or other risks previously not known to us will not arise. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to acquire companies depending on the concentration of ownership in specific markets and our relative market position. Any such unanticipated risks, liabilities, contingencies, losses or issues, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may not be able to successfully manage future growth.
Our ability to manage our growth and integrate operations, technologies, services and personnel depends on our administrative, financial and operational controls and our ability to create the infrastructure necessary to exploit market opportunities for our services, as well as our financial resources. In order to compete effectively and to grow our business profitably, we will need, on a timely basis, to maintain and improve our financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures, implement new systems as necessary, attract and retain adequate management personnel, and hire, retain and train a highly qualified workforce. Furthermore, we expect that as we continue to introduce new services and enter new markets, we will be required to manage an increasing number of relationships with various customers and other third parties. This would typically require us to attract, train and retain increasing numbers of highly skilled technical personnel and branch managers. The failure or delay of our management in responding to these challenges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations.
22
We operate in highly competitive markets.
The market for installation and services is highly competitive. There are currently a large number of small, local companies and a smaller number of relatively large regional, national and multinational companies operating in our markets. We also expect that new competitors may develop over time as smaller enterprises become more established and reliable and refine their service capabilities.
Competition varies depending on business area, customer classification and geographic area. The principal competitive factors in our business include the following:
· the availability and cost of materials and supplies;
· technical product knowledge and expertise as to application and usage;
