 the availability and cost of materials and supplies;
 consulting and other service capabilities;
 the ability to build and maintain customer relationships;
 the effective use of technology to identify net sales and operational opportunities;
 same-day delivery capabilities for certain services; and
 the pricing of services and the provision of credit.
Some of our current or future competitors may have greater resources than we do, and may use this advantage to further increase their market share. Competitors may also engage in aggressive pricing tactics, which may lead to us having to reduce our prices in order to compete with them. We may not be able to maintain our competitive position in the different markets in which we operate. If we were to face such competition, our net sales, profitability and market shares may decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, the nature of the markets in which we compete may attract new entrants, particularly from countries with low-cost employment. Although we consider this risk to be relatively limited, competition with service providers that benefit from lower cost structures may challenge our competitive position. Furthermore, in recent years, new construction methods have led to the introduction of a range of new low-cost installation solutions. For example, as low-cost prefabricated housing construction becomes more common, the demand for prefabricated building and housing components with pre-built low-cost installations may increase, which may have an adverse impact on the demand for our services. If we are unable to respond to these shifts in demand, our sales may decline, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
We also may expend significant time and resources in order to prepare a bid or participate in a bidding process, at the end of which we may not be retained. Even if we are awarded a contract, it may not yield the expected results. The timetable and/or cost structure of our projects can differ from bid estimates because both depend on a wide range of parameters, some of which are difficult to forecast at the beginning of a project, such as the accessibility of the work site, the availability of qualified personnel, adverse weather conditions and increases in the prices of petroleum or raw materials used in the materials we purchase for installation in our customers' sites (for example, copper with respect to cables) which we may not be able to pass on through re-invoicing to our customers. Our inability to accurately predict the actual cost of providing our services could result in a decrease in our margins, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
