In addition, the nature of the markets in which we compete may attract new entrants, particularly from countries with low-cost employment. Although we consider this risk to be relatively limited, competition with service providers that benefit from lower cost structures may challenge our competitive position. Furthermore, in recent years, new construction methods have led to the introduction of a range of new low-cost installation solutions. For example, as low-cost prefabricated housing construction becomes more common, the demand for prefabricated building and housing components with pre-built low-cost installations may increase, which may have an adverse impact on the demand for our services. If we are unable to respond to these shifts in demand, our sales may decline, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
The Scandinavian Building Services Market has low barriers to entry at the local branch level and we may face a loss of market share or a decrease in margins from increased price competition in certain local markets.
The market for installation and services is highly fragmented, with low barriers to entry at the local level. Our local branches compete with a large number of relatively small local installers and service providers, some of whom benefit from operating efficiencies or lower overhead costs than us, which enables them to offer lower prices than we do. This has in the past and may continue to result in a high degree of competition at the local or regional level in the Scandinavian Building Services Market. Increased industry competition could result in increased price competition, lower profit margins, a decline in our market share and greater competition for qualified personnel. If we were to face such competition, our net sales, profitability and market shares may decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our competitors continue to consolidate, which could cause the markets in which we operate to become more competitive and could negatively impact our business.
There has been an increase in consolidation activity among our competitors in the markets in which we operate. This consolidation is being driven primarily by customer need and supplier capabilities, which could cause our markets to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by our competitors. Customers are increasingly aware of the total costs of not having access to consistent sources of supply at multiple locations. We believe these customer needs could result in fewer numbers of competitors in the market as our remaining competitors become larger and capable of supplying their services on a more consistent and comprehensive basis.
23
We may fail to effectively participate in the industry consolidation for a variety of reasons, including antitrust restrictions, which may limit the degree to which a large market participant such as us can acquire additional competitors, as well as our substantial indebtedness. In addition, industry consolidation could make it more difficult for us to maintain operating margins and could also increase competition for our acquisition targets and result in higher purchase price multiples. We may also face increased difficulty in growing and maintaining our market share and increasing our growth prospects.
A majority of our balance sheet assets consist of intangible assets, which are subject to impairment testing and may affect future results of operations.
Our intangible assets are substantial and represented approximately SEK2,276 million as of December 31, 2012. Our intangible assets consist primarily of goodwill.
