A majority of our balance sheet assets consist of intangible assets, which are subject to impairment testing and may affect future results of operations.
We capitalize goodwill relating to acquisitions, which is calculated as the difference between the historical cost and fair value of an acquired business and the fair value of our share of the acquired business's identifiable net assets at the time of acquisition. Goodwill from the acquisition of operations is recognized as an intangible asset. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment and stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
Goodwill is not amortized but is subject to impairment testing at least annually. The identification and measurement of impairment involves the estimation of the fair value of reporting units. Accounting for impairment contains uncertainty because management must use judgment in determining appropriate assumptions to be used in the measurement of fair value. The estimates of fair value of reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment and incorporate management assumptions about expected future cash flows and contemplate other valuation techniques. For more information see our financial statements included in this Prospectus. An adverse development in our business activities may require us to recognize impairment charges to write off all or a part of the carrying amount of our goodwill and other intangible assets. If an expense or impairment loss must be recognized, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our decentralized management structure requires us to maintain effective internal controls, and if we are not able to continue to do so our business could be adversely impacted.
We have a decentralized management structure, and our business strategy emphasizes local decision-making and responsibility in order to adapt to regional and local conditions. We have grown, in part, due to our acquisitions, which have required us to integrate service providers from a wide range of backgrounds who are accustomed to a range of different practices and policies. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in standardizing and enforcing best practices throughout our group. As a result of the depth and breadth of our operations in Scandinavia and the extent of autonomy that we grant to our local management, we cannot assure you that we will not face considerable challenges in implementing uniform and cohesive management practices in the future or before they negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our decentralized sales, limited legal and compliance structures, geographic breadth and acquisition strategy exposes us to challenges at local levels that we may fail to identify and address in a timely manner.
We operate through a network of approximately 200 local branch offices in 150 locations throughout Scandinavia and our sales processes are not centralized. Our branch offices operate with a high degree of autonomy and we do not control all of their day-to-day business operations. A branch office may procure contracts on unfavorable economic terms or in violation of applicable rules and regulations, such as applicable anti-competition, anti-cartel, anti-bribery and money laundering rules and regulations, for which we could potentially be held liable. In addition, we have historically grown through acquisitions, which have required us to integrate the acquired businesses with a wide range of practices and policies. We may not succeed in integrating the acquired businesses and standardizing and implementing our practices. Given our decentralized sales processes, limited legal and compliance structures and the geographic breadth of our operations, substantial problems could arise in the future and we may fail to identify and address problems before they materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We bear the risk of cost overruns in many of our projects and, as a result, we may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses under these projects if the cost increases are above our estimated amounts.
We base our prices for our fixed-price contracts largely upon estimates and assumptions of projected costs, including assumptions about future economic conditions, raw material prices, the availability of labor, equipment and materials, and other factors outside of our control. If our estimates or assumptions prove to be inaccurate or if circumstances change in a way that renders our assumptions and estimates inaccurate, we may incur costs higher than those that we estimated, cost overruns may occur and we could experience reduced profits or a loss for affected projects. We also are exposed to increases in energy prices and prices for raw materials that we may be unable to pass on to our customers. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we guarantee project completion or the achievement of certain acceptance and performance testing levels by a scheduled date. Failure to meet schedule or performance requirements typically results in additional costs to us, and, in some cases, it may create liability for consequential and liquidated damages. Performance problems for existing and future projects could cause our actual results of operations to differ materially from those we anticipate and could damage our reputation within our industry and our customer base.
