We bear the risk of cost overruns in many of our projects and, as a result, we may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses under these projects if the cost increases are above our estimated amounts.
24
Based on economic and other conditions impacting the markets in which our facilities are located, as well as the overall performance of individual branch locations, we may be required to close or dispose of under-performing branches.
We may have to close under-performing branches from time to time as warranted by general economic conditions and/or weakness in the local markets in which we operate. For example, during the global financial crisis beginning in 2008, we closed certain of our branches and terminated the employment of certain of our employees as part of our restructuring and rationalization efforts. In addition, we engage in periodic reviews of branch performance and may decide to close or dispose of branches based on under-performance, poor cash flow and other considerations. Our under-performing branches may not be successful in generating future profits. Future branch closures could result in our reduced presence in certain of our local markets, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our ability to provide our customers comprehensive services throughout Scandinavia, which could adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. In addition, branch closures may result in administrative and restructuring costs that could have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Our success is highly dependent on the ability to recruit and retain technical and other key personnel.
Our future success depends on our ability to continue to identify, attract, train, retain and motivate a sufficient number of highly skilled technical personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense. We may be unable to successfully attract, assimilate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. Failure to do so could harm our business and growth, and ultimately our profitability. In particular, it may be difficult to find qualified personnel in regions that are experiencing a growth in demand for the services that we provide, such as in Stockholm, Oslo and Copenhagen. In addition, our continued success depends largely on our ability to retain our technical and key personnel. The departure of significant numbers of our highly skilled personnel could impair our ability to execute our business plan and growth strategy, cause a loss of customers, reduce revenues and adversely affect employee morale. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain or attract an adequately skilled labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our business strategy or that labor expenses will not increase as a result of a shortage in the supply of these skilled personnel.
In addition, our activities require a wide range of continually evolving skills in order to keep up with changes in the sectors in which we operate. We may be unable to find qualified candidates, train staff in new methods, and recruit and train managers.
We may also incur significant costs in maintaining employee health and safety requirements and, as our operations expand, we may face increased work accidents and illness (both in frequency and severity). In addition, during periods of rapid economic growth, we may encounter problems in recruiting and retaining qualified employees. We may also experience increased staff costs during these periods, or a decrease in the quality of the services we provide, all of which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our business depends extensively on recruiting and retaining qualified branch managers. If we are not able to attract a sufficient number of qualified branch managers, our future growth and financial performance may suffer.
