We may also incur significant costs in maintaining employee health and safety requirements and, as our operations expand, we may face increased work accidents and illness (both in frequency and severity). In addition, during periods of rapid economic growth, we may encounter problems in recruiting and retaining qualified employees. We may also experience increased staff costs during these periods, or a decrease in the quality of the services we provide, all of which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We rely heavily on our branch managers for the success of a branch. Each branch manager has the responsibility for recruiting and retaining a quality workforce and cultivating customer loyalty. Each branch manager manages the operations of the branch, which include recruiting, dispatching and paying of employees, meeting the needs of our customers, maintaining customer satisfaction, selling our services to new customers, as well as controlling costs through accident prevention, and complying with applicable laws and regulations. Our future growth and financial performance depend on our ability to hire, train and retain qualified managers from a limited pool of qualified candidates. If we are unable to attract, retain and successfully train our technicians and branch managers, this could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may incur liabilities for the actions of our employees.
Our employees deliver services within buildings and at locations owned or operated by our customers. As a result, we may be subject to claims in connection with damage to property, business interruptions, unauthorized use of the customer's property or willful misconduct or other tortuous acts by our employees or people who have gained unauthorized access to premises through our business operations. Such claims may be substantial and may result in adverse publicity for our group. Accordingly, these claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may not be able to attract and retain key officers and directors.
Despite our decentralized business model, we also depend upon the services of a small number of key executive officers and directors. There can be no assurance that these individuals will continue to make their services available to us in the future. The loss of or diminution in the services of one or more of our key executive officers or directors, or our inability to attract, retain and maintain new key executive officers or directors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
25
Our use of the percentage of completion method of accounting could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenues or profits.
Our net sales from installation and services projects in progress is recognized using the percentage of completion method of accounting, which results in our recognizing project revenues and earnings ratably over the project term (without regard to the timing of our receipt of cash payments), in the proportion that actual costs are incurred in relation to estimated total project costs. The earnings or losses recognized on individual projects are based on estimates of project revenue, costs and degree of completion. Project-related expenditures that have been incurred, but for which the goods or service are related to future stages of the project, are not considered when determining the degree of completion. Changes to the scope of the project, claims and incentive pay are included in project revenue to the extent that they have been agreed with the customer and can be reliably measured. Unanticipated delays and unexpected costs may arise in the course of completing a project, including as a result of shortage of skilled labor, the failure of subcontractors to perform as contracted and changes in project specifications. In particular, this may be the case in larger, more complex installation projects and fixed price services agreements. We record the effect of revisions to estimated costs, and consequently revenues, once the amounts are known or can be reasonably estimated. These revisions can occur at any time and could be material. An inability by us to accurately estimate these costs may adversely affect our net sales and may require us to adjust the amount of net sales previously recognized. Given the uncertainties associated with these types of contracts, it is possible for actual costs to vary from estimated costs, which may result in the reduction or reversal of previously recorded profits.
