Our use of the percentage of completion method of accounting could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenues or profits.
As a result of the requirements of the percentage of completion method of accounting, the possibility exists, for example, that we could have estimated and reported a profit on a project over several periods and later determined, usually near contract completion, that all or a portion of such previously estimated and reported profits were overstated. If this occurs, the full aggregate amount of the overstatement will be reported for the period in which such determination is made, thereby reducing profits from that project and resulting in an adjustment to earnings recorded for such period, which may lead to a loss being reported. As a result of the uncertainties associated with our projects, actual costs may vary from estimates previously made, which can result in reductions or reversals of previously recorded net sales and profits.
Our success depends on effective project and site management, which could be impaired by a certain number of factors.
For many of our projects, we provide a broad range of services with a high technical content. For example, in our installation business, we install complex electrical infrastructure in hospitals and other commercial buildings and in our service business area, we provide maintenance and periodic repair of these installations, for which a high level of technical skill is required. In order to ensure that the projects we take on are effectively conducted and profitable, we need to have a high degree of project and site management expertise, especially in evaluating the costs of providing our services to the relevant customer and in maximizing efficiency in providing the contracted services throughout the term of the contract. Specific factors that can affect our performance and profitability include our ability to accurately determine the costs of providing the contracted services in the context of a particular project, our ability to measure the personnel and other resources that we need to deploy in order to fulfill our contractual obligations on an ongoing basis, our ability to control services provided by subcontractors or to influence the performance of such subcontractors or other service providers, and unforeseen technical difficulties that could cause project delays or unscheduled project downtime.
If, due to ineffective contract planning or management, we are unable to efficiently and profitably render our services, we could experience increased contract execution costs, difficulty in obtaining timely payment for our services or harm to our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.
Our reputation is important to our ability to market our services and secure new customers. Our historical success is attributable, in large part, to our reputation as a leading and reliable provider of a broad range of services, particularly services requiring a certain level of technical expertise, and this reputation has strengthened our business and helped to facilitate our expansion. Although we closely monitor the quality of our services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to protect our business against damage to our reputation vis-à-vis our customers, potential customers and, more generally, in the geographic regions and business sectors in which we operate. For example, we could be held responsible for an accident at, or a malfunction of, a customer's facilities due to poor performance of our services, or the erroneous perception that the accident or malfunction occurred as a result of our performance of services. Any such event or perception could damage our reputation or brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
We are party to public sector contracts, which may be affected by political and administrative decisions, and we are subject to risks inherent in public contracts.
Public sector customers account for a significant portion of our net sales. For the year ended December 31, 2012, we generated 22% of our total net sales from our public sector customers and a majority of our net sales are attributable, directly or indirectly, to public infrastructure projects. The success and profitability of our public sector business may be influenced by political considerations. It may also be affected by political and administrative decisions concerning levels of public spending. In certain cases, due to applicable regulations, such as European Union tender rules, certain terms of public sector contracts, such as pricing terms, contract period, the use of subcontractors and the ability to transfer receivables under contract, provide us with less
