We are party to public sector contracts, which may be affected by political and administrative decisions, and we are subject to risks inherent in public contracts.
26
flexibility than comparable private sector contracts. Public sector contracts can, if entered into or prolonged in violation of applicable tender rules, be declared invalid by a court of law, or if questioned by a third party competitor, risk being terminated by the public sector customer. Certain of our public sector contracts may be subject to challenge on these grounds and could be declared invalid if they are found to be in violation of applicable public procurement law.
Moreover, decisions to decrease public spending may result in the termination or downscaling of public sector contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Historically, our performance has been linked, in part, to the ability and willingness of local, regional and national governments to allocate public funds to infrastructure and other publicly funded projects, as well as our ability to bid successfully for these contracts. Public sector spending, in turn, generally has been dependent on general macroeconomic conditions. A decrease in public sector spending as a result of a deterioration in Scandinavian, European or global economic conditions, changes in governmental policy or other reasons could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that a fall in public sector spending in the countries in which we operate will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation.
Contracts in the public sector are also subject to review and monitoring by local authorities to ensure compliance with laws and regulations prohibiting anti-competitive practices. Although we believe that we comply with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be found in violation of any such laws or regulations, and we could be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions, including exclusion from participation in tenders for public contracts. Any such event would have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in the laws and regulations governing public procurement could have a material impact on our business.
As a government contractor, we are subject to a number of procurement regulations, requirements and limitations relating to the conduct of business relationships and the formation of purchasing contracts, including prohibitions on certain business practices that could be construed as bribery, public corruption or unfair competitive practices. Although we maintain policies regarding compliance with these regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, subcontractors, agents and partners, or the public sector entities with whom they contract, will not act in violation of such policies and/or applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, if a public sector entity were to violate applicable procurement laws or regulations in connection with contracts entered into with us or our marketing activities, the relevant authorities could seek enforcement action against us. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could result in civil or criminal penalties, the loss of business or harm to our reputation and, accordingly, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
In addition, awards under public procurement processes may be subject to challenge or rescission based on actual or alleged procedural deficiencies in the tender process, even after we have made significant expenditures associated with winning such an award. We (or a public sector customer) may face actions seeking to challenge prior awards and we may not be successful in securing a contract in any re-tendering process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
A significant part of our net sales is attributable to contracts awarded through a competitive bidding process, which can result in substantial costs and loss of revenue if we fail to compete effectively.
