In addition, awards under public procurement processes may be subject to challenge or rescission based on actual or alleged procedural deficiencies in the tender process, even after we have made significant expenditures associated with winning such an award. We (or a public sector customer) may face actions seeking to challenge prior awards and we may not be successful in securing a contract in any re-tendering process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
A significant part of our net sales is attributable to contracts that are awarded through a competitive bidding process, in the private as well as public sectors. Competitive bidding results in substantial costs and presents a number of risks, including: substantial investments in terms of cost and managerial time required to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may or may not be awarded to us; the need to estimate accurately the resources and costs that will be required to service any contracts we are awarded, often in advance of the final determination of their full scope; the expense and delay that may arise if our competitors protest or challenge awards made to us pursuant to a competitive bidding process, and the risk that such protest or challenge could result in the requirement to resubmit bids or in the termination, reduction or modification of the contracts that have been awarded; and the opportunity cost of not bidding on and winning other contracts we might otherwise pursued, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results of operations.
The demand for our products and services is impacted by monetary and other government policies in each of the countries in which we operate, including policies that have the effect of encouraging or discouraging construction, such as longterm interest rates, tax policies, policies encouraging or discouraging labor mobility and migration, the availability of financing or subsidies, the allocation of government funding for public infrastructure programs and safety regulations that encourage or discourage the use of certain materials and products. Interest rate changes, for example, affect demand for residential and nonresidential structures, which in turn affects sales of our services that serve these activities. Interest rate changes also affect our customers' ability to finance purchases and can impact the ability of our suppliers to finance the production of parts and components necessary to deliver the services we sell. In addition to changing interest rates, central banks and other policy arms of many countries take actions to vary the amount of liquidity and credit available to such country. Changes in liquidity and credit policies, including the reduction or elimination of favorable tax or other stimulus programs, could adversely impact our customers, markets and suppliers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
27
Fluctuating commodity prices may adversely impact our results of operations.
The prices of petroleum, copper, steel, aluminum and other commodities used in the products we install can be volatile. We are not always able to quickly or effectively react to price increases by our suppliers or pass through increased costs to our customers. A majority of our contracts allow us to pass through cost increases to our customers. However, short-term changes in the costs of raw materials, some of which are subject to significant fluctuations, are not always passed on to our customers. Any delay in our ability to pass on material price increases to our customers could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
In addition, if prices decrease for commodities, we may have inventories purchased at prices higher than prevailing market prices. Prices and the availability of petroleum products are subject to political, economic and market factors that are outside our control. Political events in petroleum-producing regions as well as weather-related events may cause the price of fuel to increase. Any significant increases in fuel or energy prices or increased costs relating to emissions control requirements that have been or may be imposed in the future, particularly due to climate change-related legislation, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Significant fluctuations in the cost of the commodities used in products we use as a part of the services that we deliver may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
We currently do not enter into forward sales, commodity, derivatives or hedging arrangements with respect to our purchase of raw materials and, as a result, we may be exposed to the impact of any significant increase in the price such materials.
