In addition, if prices decrease for commodities, we may have inventories purchased at prices higher than prevailing market prices. Prices and the availability of petroleum products are subject to political, economic and market factors that are outside our control. Political events in petroleum-producing regions as well as weather-related events may cause the price of fuel to increase. Any significant increases in fuel or energy prices or increased costs relating to emissions control requirements that have been or may be imposed in the future, particularly due to climate change-related legislation, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Significant fluctuations in the cost of the commodities used in products we use as a part of the services that we deliver may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
Our businesses may be affected by changes in the market prices of certain raw materials such as petroleum, copper, steel and aluminum. While we generally attempt to pass price increases of raw materials through to our customers, we do not currently enter into forward sales, commodity, derivative or hedging arrangements to establish a price in advance for the purchase of future raw materials. As a result, we may realize the benefit of any short-term decrease in raw material prices, but we are not protected against increases in the price of raw materials. If the prices for certain raw materials increase significantly, our profits may be materially adversely affected.
Any failure of our third-party subcontractors to satisfactorily perform their obligations may hurt our reputation, business and results of operations.
We offer certain of our services to our customers through various third-party service providers engaged to perform these services on our behalf. However, we retain responsibility for the work performed by these subcontractors. Accordingly, we are exposed to risks relating to managing subcontractors and the risk that these subcontractors may fail to perform the agreedupon services satisfactorily and on a timely basis, which could affect our ability to perform our obligations or meet our customers' expectations and comply with applicable regulatory requirements. In extreme cases, performance or other deficiencies on the part of our subcontractors could result in a customer terminating our contract. A termination could expose us to financial liabilities, damage our reputation and impair our ability to compete for future contracts. In addition, in the event a subcontractor provides unsatisfactory services on our behalf, we could be required to make additional investments or provide additional services to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of the contracted services. In addition, we are exposed to the operational controls of our subcontractors, including with respect to the qualifications of their personnel and their compliance with labor and immigration laws. Our subcontractors may maintain inadequate insurance coverage or inadequate financial resources to honor claims resulting from damages or losses inflicted by such subcontractors on our customers.
We constantly manage and monitor the performance of our subcontractors. However, the failure of subcontractors to meet their contractual obligations or comply with applicable laws or regulations could harm our reputation, as well as result in customer losses and financial liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We rely on third-party suppliers, and if we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if there is a significant interruption in our supply chains or significant fluctuation in the prices of our product supply, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our ability to offer a wide variety of services to our customers is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate product supply from manufacturers or other suppliers at attractive prices. For the year ended December 31, 2012, we estimate that our top ten suppliers accounted for 32% of our total supply costs. We may not be able to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers that can satisfy our standards for quality and price and our need to access products and supplies in a timely and efficient manner. We may be required to replace a supplier if its products do not meet our quality, price or safety standards. Our results of operations and inventory levels could suffer if we are unable to promptly replace a supplier that is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with a supplier providing similar products. The loss of, or substantial decrease in the availability of, products from our suppliers, or the loss of a key supplier, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
In addition, supply interruptions could arise from shortages of raw materials, labor disputes or weather conditions affecting products or shipments, transportation disruptions or other factors beyond our control. Short-term and long-term disruptions in our supply chain would result in a need to maintain higher inventory levels as we replace similar products, a higher cost of goods and ultimately a decrease in our net sales and profitability. A disruption in the timely availability of our goods by our key suppliers and the failure by our suppliers to continue to supply us with products on commercially reasonable terms, or at
28
