In addition, supply interruptions could arise from shortages of raw materials, labor disputes or weather conditions affecting products or shipments, transportation disruptions or other factors beyond our control. Short-term and long-term disruptions in our supply chain would result in a need to maintain higher inventory levels as we replace similar products, a higher cost of goods and ultimately a decrease in our net sales and profitability. A disruption in the timely availability of our goods by our key suppliers and the failure by our suppliers to continue to supply us with products on commercially reasonable terms, or at
all, may result in a decline of our operating margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
The cost of our services have historically been volatile and subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, economic conditions, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulation and trade policies, as well as from periodic delays in the delivery of our products. We have a limited ability to control the timing and amount of changes to prices that we will pay for our products. In addition, the supply of our products fluctuates based on available manufacturing capacity. A shortage of capacity, or excess capacity, in the industry can result in significant increases or decreases in market prices for those products, often within a short period of time. Even where we are able to increase our prices to our customers, we may be unable to increase our prices in sufficient time to absorb price increases by our suppliers. Such price fluctuations can adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
We are dependent on our relationships with strategic partners in the building and services industry, including NCC, Skanska and PEAB, the three largest construction companies in Scandinavia. The failure to maintain these relationships could result in the loss of business and, as a result, materially adverse effects on our operating performance.
Our business, particularly with respect to installation in new construction projects, is dependent in large part on our long-standing relationships with leading Scandinavian construction companies. Our opportunities to partner with these companies could be adversely affected if: we are unable to achieve the objectives under our arrangements in a timely manner, or at all; our partners become unable, unwilling or less willing to invest in new property development due to poor general market conditions, their financial condition or other circumstances, many of which are beyond our control; we disagree with a key partner regarding strategic direction, the economics of our relationship or other matters; we are unable to successfully manage multiple simultaneous projects with such partners; our strategic partners breach or terminate their contract with us; our partners become competitors of ours or enter into agreements with our competitors; applicable laws and regulations, domestic or foreign, impede our ability to enter into strategic arrangements; or as we enter into additional or consolidation in the construction markets limits the number of potential industry partners. In particular, we are a subcontractor to Skanska in connection with a turn-key electrical and plumbing supply contract relating to the construction of Statoil's new facilities in Bergen, Norway. Under the contract we, along with all of the other subcontractors, have agreed to accept joint and several liability for the performance of Skanska's obligations under the supply contract. Pursuant to an agreement among the subcontractors, we bear responsibility for and potential liability in respect of ventilation works and electrical installations. To the extent Skanska encounters financial difficulties or otherwise becomes unable to perform its obligations under the construction contract, we may incur substantial liabilities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If any of these events occur, or if we fail to maintain our agreements with our strategic partners and collaborators, we may not be able to commercialize our existing and future products, further develop our business or generate sufficient revenues to support our operations. Additionally, our business could be negatively impacted if any of our industry partners undergo a change of control, assign the rights or obligations under any of our agreements or cease to be a going concern.
We may be exposed to the credit risk of certain of our customers and, in addition, our liability to customers under guarantee provisions may materially and adversely affect our earnings.
We sell installation and services solutions to our customers through contracts that are not secured by collateral or other security and therefore bear the risk that our customers will be unable to pay amounts due to us. Our products are sold to customers in industries that may experience fluctuations in demand based on economic conditions, energy prices, seasonality, consumer demand and other factors beyond our control. These industries include the construction industry. We may not be able to limit our potential loss of revenues if a significant number of customers are unable to pay amounts due to us on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
At the same time, we generally provide guarantees for completed projects as to the proper operation and conformance to specifications of our installations and services. The failure of our installations to operate properly or to meet specifications may increase our costs by requiring additional engineering resources and services, the replacement of parts and equipment or monetary reimbursement to a customer. We have in the past received guarantee claims, are subject to guarantee claims and we expect to continue to receive them in the future. To the extent that we incur substantial guarantee claims in any period, our reputation, our ability to obtain future business and our earnings could be adversely affected.
In 2009, as part of our acquisition of Siemens' installation business in Norway, we acceded to a contract with Kolo Veidekke relating to installation and ongoing maintenance of electrical systems as part of the construction of a new highway. Under the terms of the original contract, Siemens accepted liability for any errors or defects in the electrical system that may occur during the 26 years following the execution of the contract. Contractual liability under the guarantee is limited to NOK57 million (approximately 8 million). Negligence and tort claims are subject to a higher limitation of NOK250 million (approximately 33 million). To the extent claims are brought against us under the guarantee, we could incur substantial liability and harm to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
