At the same time, we generally provide guarantees for completed projects as to the proper operation and conformance to specifications of our installations and services. The failure of our installations to operate properly or to meet specifications may increase our costs by requiring additional engineering resources and services, the replacement of parts and equipment or monetary reimbursement to a customer. We have in the past received guarantee claims, are subject to guarantee claims and we expect to continue to receive them in the future. To the extent that we incur substantial guarantee claims in any period, our reputation, our ability to obtain future business and our earnings could be adversely affected.
Our competitive position could be adversely affected by changes in technology and industry standards.
Our business requires a high level of technical expertise for a wide variety of services. We need to constantly adapt our expertise in response to technological innovations, as well as industry standards, product instructions and customer requirements.
29
New technology or changes in industry and customer requirements may render some of our services obsolete, excessively costly or otherwise unmarketable.
As a result, we must continuously enhance our expertise and the efficiency and reliability of our services in order to remain at the forefront of industry standards and customer requirements. If we are unable to adapt to ever-changing technologies and customer requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner, our competitive position will suffer and our prospects for growth will be impaired, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations.
A change in supplier rebates due to the loss of our leading market position or other market conditions or a deterioration in our commercial relationship with one or more key suppliers could adversely affect our income and gross margins.
The terms on which we purchase products from many of our suppliers enable us to receive a rebate based on the volume of our purchases. These rebates effectively reduce our costs. Our ability to earn and negotiate rebates is critical to the success of our business. If market conditions change or if we lose our leading market position, suppliers may respond by changing the terms of some or all of these purchasing programs to our detriment. Any such changes could lower our gross margins or revenues. Furthermore, a loss of market share could result in a decreased demand for our services, which could cause our volume requirements for certain products to decline. If we are unable to meet specified volume thresholds for certain suppliers, we may not receive favorable rebates, which could increase our costs and decrease our gross margins.
In addition, some of our suppliers are not obligated under long-term supply agreements to continue to sell to us. We have relatively few sources of supply for some of the products that we purchase, particularly, with respect to lighting installations, and in some cases we rely on a small group of suppliers for certain key products. In addition, the lead time involved in the manufacturing of some of these components can be lengthy. If certain of our key suppliers become unwilling or unable to supply us with components meeting our requirements, we may not be able to organize additional or replacement suppliers in a timely manner, or at all. Moreover, we maintain low levels of inventory and our suppliers deliver directly to our work sites, which prevents us from being able to provide replacement supplies on our own should one or more or our suppliers fail to meet our supply requirements. The inability or unwillingness of our suppliers to provide timely delivery of products necessary for our installations and services projects could cause our services to be disrupted and our results of operations to decline.
