The terms on which we purchase products from many of our suppliers enable us to receive a rebate based on the volume of our purchases. These rebates effectively reduce our costs. Our ability to earn and negotiate rebates is critical to the success of our business. If market conditions change or if we lose our leading market position, suppliers may respond by changing the terms of some or all of these purchasing programs to our detriment. Any such changes could lower our gross margins or revenues. Furthermore, a loss of market share could result in a decreased demand for our services, which could cause our volume requirements for certain products to decline. If we are unable to meet specified volume thresholds for certain suppliers, we may not receive favorable rebates, which could increase our costs and decrease our gross margins.
Our operations could be adversely affected if a significant number of our customers terminate their services contracts prior to the end of the contractual term or select another provider following the expiration of their contracts.
We perform the majority of our work for customers under contracts with a stated term and, in some cases, with termination clauses permitting the customer to cancel the contract at the customer's discretion following the expiration of an agreed notice period. There can be no assurance that our customers will not exercise their rights to terminate their contracts prior to expiration or that we will be successful in negotiating new contracts with customers as such contracts expire. We generally execute our business through numerous small contracts (including multiple contracts for the same customers) and, therefore, any cancellation of a contract or a number of contracts would not ordinarily have an adverse effect on our results of operations. However, contract cancellations or dissatisfaction with our services may damage our reputation and make it more difficult for us to obtain similar contracts with other customers, in which case our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.
Amounts included in our estimated order backlog may not result in actual revenue or translate into profits, and our estimated order backlog is subject to cancellation and unexpected adjustments and is therefore an uncertain indicator of future results of operations.
As of December 31, 2012, our order backlog was SEK4,809 million, which represented 82% of our installation net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012, and as of March 31, 2013, our order backlog was SEK4,914 million, which included net sales likely to occur beyond 2013 and represented 85% of our installation net sales for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013. These order backlog amounts are based on our estimates and therefore may not result in an actual recognition of revenue within the period initially anticipated, if at all. In addition, certain contracts included in our estimated order backlog may not be profitable. We may experience variances in the realization of our estimated order backlog because of project delays or cancellations resulting from weather conditions, project deferrals or delays, scope adjustments, external market factors and economic factors beyond our control. If our estimated order backlog fails to materialize as we anticipated, our business, financial condition or results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. Accordingly, our estimated order backlog as of any particular date is an uncertain indicator of future revenue or earnings.
We may incur liabilities that are not covered by insurance.
We carry insurance of various types, including workers' compensation, employment practices, pension-related and general liability coverage. While we seek to maintain appropriate levels of insurance, not all claims are insurable and there can be no assurance that we will not experience major incidents that are not covered by our insurance. Furthermore, the occurrence of several events resulting in substantial claims for damages within a calendar year may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our insurance costs may increase over time in response to any negative development in our claims history or due to material price increases in the insurance market in general. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current insurance coverage or do so at a reasonable cost.
30
We may not be able to successfully defend against claims made against us by customers or other third parties, or we may fail to adequately recover on our claims against customers or third parties.
