30
We may encounter difficulties in meeting contractual performance obligations, which may result in the incurrence of penalties for non-performance or a delay in the performance of our contractual obligations. In addition, we rely on third-party partners, equipment manufacturers and subcontractors to complete some of our contracts. As such, claims involving customers, suppliers and subcontractors may be brought against us, and by us, in connection with our contracts or with customers' internal procedures. Claims brought against us could include back charges for alleged defective or incomplete work, breaches of warranty and/or late completion of the project and claims for cancelled projects. The claims and back charges can involve actual damages, as well as contractually agreed-upon liquidated sums. These claims, as well as claims we may make against customers or other third parties, if not resolved through negotiation, could result in lengthy and expensive litigation or arbitration proceedings.
We occasionally bring claims against project owners for additional costs that exceed the contract price or for amounts not included in the original contract price, including change orders. These types of claims occur due to matters such as ownercaused delays, increased unit prices or changes from the initial project scope that result, both directly and indirectly, in additional costs. Often, these claims can be the subject of lengthy arbitration, litigation or third-party expert proceedings, and it can be difficult to accurately predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of events occur and unresolved claims are pending, we may invest significant working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the relevant claims. Charges associated with claims, or our failure to recover sufficient damages and/or liquidated sums in connection with claims we bring against third parties, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If we fail to ensure safe work environments for our employees, we could be exposed to significant financial losses, as well as civil and criminal liabilities.
Our operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the maintenance of safe conditions in the workplace. The industry in which we operate involves a certain degree of operational risk, such as working with high voltages, heat and at heights, which cannot be fully eliminated by procedures implemented to address them. These hazards can cause personal injury or death, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and other consequential damages and could lead to the suspension of operations and large damage claims and, in extreme cases, criminal liability.
In December 2011, for example, Bravida Danmark A/S received a notice from the Danish Working Environment Service (Arbejdstilsynet), in connection with its visit to a construction site where we are conducting operations, informing us that asbestos had been found on the site. In addition, in November 2011, the Danish Working Environment Service served another notice to Bravida Danmark A/S with respect to a separate site warning of a risk of building collapse on the site. Although no further action was taken by the Danish Working Environment Service in either of these instances, if we were to fail to implement any safety or other procedures with respect to these or other sites, or if the procedures we implement were deemed to be ineffective, our employees or others may suffer injury and we could incur significant financial losses. In addition, we could be found liable for failing to comply with government regulation dealing with occupational health and safety. Occurrence of any of these events could cause a materially adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
Our failure, or the failure of one of our subcontractors, to comply with applicable regulations or to maintain a safe work environment could result in substantial fines, claims relating to violations of social and working environment legislation or the revocation of licenses. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to claims relating to employees' working conditions. Any such claims, or increased costs resulting from such claims or regulatory changes, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
New technology and the implementation of new work processes, services, tools and machinery may have unforeseen effects on the working conditions of our employees. In addition, our employees may be exposed to materials that, although not currently considered harmful, could in the future be deemed health hazards, as was the case with asbestos. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase project costs for our customers and raise our operating costs. Any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Compliance with existing laws and regulations or changes in any such laws and regulations could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
