New technology and the implementation of new work processes, services, tools and machinery may have unforeseen effects on the working conditions of our employees. In addition, our employees may be exposed to materials that, although not currently considered harmful, could in the future be deemed health hazards, as was the case with asbestos. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase project costs for our customers and raise our operating costs. Any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are subject to numerous international, EU, national and local laws, regulations and ordinances and must observe a large number of different regulatory systems across a number of jurisdictions that change frequently, continuously evolve and become more stringent. Such regulations include those relating to occupational health and safety and the services we deliver. For example, our services must comply with the various building codes and regulations in the countries in which we operate and must satisfy certain quality and safety requirements resulting from national and international standards, including EU directives, and regulations and standards adopted by international organizations. We are also subject to laws and regulations, and must hold permits, relating to the storage, handling and disposal of potentially hazardous wastes and materials, including asbestos, refrigerants, adhesives, oil and other petroleum-based products, and electrical and electronic equipment waste and storage, handling and disposal problems may occur. Moreover, under certain of our leases, we are responsible for remediation of any environmental contamination, irrespective of whether we caused the contamination.
31
Failure to adopt appropriate internal compliance policies or to ensure compliance with our policies and the law may result in fines or enforcement actions against us. Compliance with existing and additional or more stringent laws, regulations, ordinances or permit requirements, as well as more vigorous enforcement policies of regulatory agencies or stricter or different interpretations, may require us to make additional expenditures or investments, which may be material, and could also otherwise affect our business in a way that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our operations and future growth may be affected by competition regulations.
We are subject to competition laws and regulations at the national and supranational level. In jurisdictions where we have a leading market position, these laws and regulations may reduce our operational flexibility and limit our ability to make additional acquisitions and implement our strategy.
In general, these laws are designed to preserve free and open competition in the marketplace in order to enhance competitiveness and economic efficiency. From time to time in the past, we have been, and in the future we may become, subject to investigations and proceedings by national and supranational competition and antitrust authorities, as well as claims from private third parties, for alleged infringements of competition or antitrust laws. This may result in judgments, fines or other forms of liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
Although we have issued internal guidelines concerning compliance with competition laws and regulations, individual local managers may act against our instructions and either inadvertently or deliberately violate applicable competition laws and regulations by engaging in prohibited activities such as price fixing or colluding with competitors regarding markets or customers. Such actions may harm our reputation and, if we are held responsible, the resulting fines and other sanctions could be substantial. Therefore, the occurrence of any such incidents may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Failure to comply with transfer pricing regulations may result in the payment of additional tax or penalties by us.
