Although we have issued internal guidelines concerning compliance with competition laws and regulations, individual local managers may act against our instructions and either inadvertently or deliberately violate applicable competition laws and regulations by engaging in prohibited activities such as price fixing or colluding with competitors regarding markets or customers. Such actions may harm our reputation and, if we are held responsible, the resulting fines and other sanctions could be substantial. Therefore, the occurrence of any such incidents may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
The markets in which we operate have transfer pricing regulations that require transactions involving associated companies to be at arm's length. Arrangements between members of our group, such as intra-group transactions involving management services, royalties, information technology service fees, cash-pool arrangements, intra-group loans and consultancy fees, are typically carried out on an arm's-length basis. However, if the tax authorities in any relevant jurisdiction do not regard such arrangements as being made on an arm's-length basis and successfully challenge those arrangements, the amount of tax payable by the relevant member or members of our group, in respect of both current and previous years, may increase materially and penalties or interest may be payable. Furthermore, any failure to file transfer pricing documentation evidencing the outcome of applied pricing principles, should they be requested by the relevant tax authorities, may result in penalties.
We are exposed to risks in connection with derivative instruments and hedging transactions.
We use derivative financial instruments (primarily currency and interest rate swaps and interest rate ceilings) to help limit and control foreign exchange and interest rate risks. Such transactions involve risks, particularly, if the interest or exchange rate development differs from expectations. The projections and assumptions made by our risk management team at the time when such transactions were entered into could prove to be incorrect and the transactions could fail to limit the risks as intended or increase our costs. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2012, we did not recognize any accruals or contingent losses in our financial statements relating to our derivative instruments.
In addition, we intend to hedge some or all of our interest rate and currency risk under the Notes. Such hedges are senior obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu in right of payment with the Notes and obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility, and together with the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by first-priority security interests over the Collateral; provided, however, that, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes will not receive the Collateral; provided, however, that, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, certain hedges are "super senior" in terms of the receipt of the proceeds of enforcement of Collateral until such super senior hedges and obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility have been repaid in full. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Intercreditor Agreement." If we were to default in making payments under the Notes, or if certain other credit events were to occur in relation to us and a credit-linked hedge of interest rate or currency risk in respect of such Notes were to terminate or be closed out as a result, then, in relation to the mark-tomarket ("MTM") value which would normally be payable by one party to the other on a termination or close-out of an equivalent hedge that was not credit-linked, either (a) we will be limited, where such MTM value would otherwise be payable to us, in claiming against our hedge counterparty in respect of such termination or close-out to an amount equal to the product of (i) such MTM value and (ii) the credit recovery rate for holders of the Notes, such credit recovery rate being determined within a reasonable period after such termination or close-out by reference to a market auction process or market quotations for such notes, or (b) no MTM payment in respect of such termination or close-out will be due from either party, depending on the particular type of credit-linked hedge into which we enter.
32
We are exposed to translation risk of currency fluctuations.
Our business operations are characterized by a relatively low level of transactional currency risk since our purchases and sales are made in the same local currency with minimal exposure to imported components. From an accounting perspective, we are exposed to risks relating to translation into Swedish kronor of income statements and balance sheets of foreign subsidiaries with local reporting denominated in Danish kroner and Norwegian kroner. In order to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate foreign currency assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses into Swedish kronor. For balance sheet items, foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates applicable on the transaction date. For income statement items, foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the average exchange rate applicable to the period. Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the Swedish krona against other currencies affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. A 10% strengthening of the Norwegian krone as of December 31, 2012 would have had a positive translation effect on equity of SEK39 million and the same increase in value of the Danish krone would have had a positive translation effect on equity of SEK17 million. The translation differences from the translation of foreign operations for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 had a negative impact of SEK54.0 million (5.7 million), SEK5.0 million (0.6 million) and SEK12.0 million (1.4 million), respectively, on our total earnings.
The trend toward greater outsourcing of services and maintenance by public institutions and private companies may slow or reverse, which could adversely affect our business, including our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.
