Our business operations are characterized by a relatively low level of transactional currency risk since our purchases and sales are made in the same local currency with minimal exposure to imported components. From an accounting perspective, we are exposed to risks relating to translation into Swedish kronor of income statements and balance sheets of foreign subsidiaries with local reporting denominated in Danish kroner and Norwegian kroner. In order to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate foreign currency assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses into Swedish kronor. For balance sheet items, foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates applicable on the transaction date. For income statement items, foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the average exchange rate applicable to the period. Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the Swedish krona against other currencies affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. A 10% strengthening of the Norwegian krone as of December 31, 2012 would have had a positive translation effect on equity of SEK39 million and the same increase in value of the Danish krone would have had a positive translation effect on equity of SEK17 million. The translation differences from the translation of foreign operations for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 had a negative impact of SEK54.0 million (5.7 million), SEK5.0 million (0.6 million) and SEK12.0 million (1.4 million), respectively, on our total earnings.
Growth in demand for technical services is also influenced by trends other than macroeconomic trends, including outsourcing. Over the past several years, our business has benefited from increased levels of the outsourcing of installation and services activities by public institutions and private companies. The development of outsourced services may be affected by political decisions, public opinion, positive and negative experiences with outsourcing, and demand by public institutions and private users. These factors may negatively impact growth, cause contracts to be discontinued or reduce our ability to achieve satisfactory growth rates in the future, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The residential, non-residential and infrastructure construction markets are seasonal and our business operations may be affected by adverse weather conditions.
We experience seasonal fluctuations in the demand for certain of our services, due primarily to weather and holiday seasons. Although weather patterns affect our results of operations throughout the year, cold and wet weather during the winter months has historically reduced construction activity primarily in the first quarter in our markets. In contrast, our highest volume of net sales historically has occurred in September through November. Generally, during the winter months, new construction activity declines due to inclement weather and to the holiday season. Public holidays and vacation, particularly in the months of June and July, also have seasonality effects, because building projects or industrial production processes may slow or temporarily cease. As a result, our results of operations may vary significantly from period to period. We anticipate that fluctuations from period to period will continue in the future.
In addition, adverse weather conditions, particularly during the winter season, could affect the ability of our employees to perform efficient work outdoors in certain regions of Sweden, Denmark and Norway. For example, cold weather is less favorable for construction projects and delays installation work because it hinders site accessibility. We may experience reduced cash flow if unseasonal weather conditions persist, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We have exposure to customers in the mining and energy industries.
For the year ended December 31, 2012, we derived approximately 1.1% of our net sales from our customers who operate in the mining industry and 0.5% from our customers who operate in the oil and gas industry. These industries have in the past, and may in the future, be negatively impacted by adverse macroeconomic conditions. If a significant downturn in the mining or oil and gas industry were to occur, the cash flows of our customers in this industry would be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our services and consequently our results of operations.
Despite the beginning of an economic recovery in the countries in which we operate, certain regions, particularly Denmark, continue to suffer from economic weakness, which may in turn place pressure on our customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
The pace of recovery from the global economic downturn has been slow in some of the regions in which we operate, and the economy of Denmark, in particular, which is one of our principal markets, continues to be affected by low consumer confidence, low home values, prolonged foreclosure activity, a weak housing market, high levels of unemployment and reduced access to consumer credit. In addition, repercussions from the ongoing European debt crisis could further damage the Danish economy as well as the economy of other Scandinavian countries. While these factors are outside of our control, they directly affect our business. The slow pace of recovery in Denmark, or a new cycle of economic downturn, could cause our current and potential customers in Denmark to delay their purchases or affect their ability to pay, which could reduce our future net sales, results of operations and cash flows.
