Despite the beginning of an economic recovery in the countries in which we operate, certain regions, particularly Denmark, continue to suffer from economic weakness, which may in turn place pressure on our customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
33
The eurozone debt crisis and related market perceptions concerning the instability of the euro, the potential re-introduction of individual currencies within the eurozone, or the potential dissolution of the euro entirely, could adversely affect our business and our financial performance.
Recent developments in the eurozone have exacerbated the ongoing global economic crisis. Financial markets and the supply of credit may continue to be negatively impacted by ongoing fears surrounding the sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe (primarily Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Cyprus and Spain), the possibility of further downgrading, or defaults on, sovereign debt, concerns about a slowdown in growth in certain economies and uncertainties regarding the overall stability of the euro and the sustainability of the euro as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances in individual Member States. Governments and regulators have implemented austerity programs and other remedial measures to respond to the eurozone debt crisis and stabilize the financial system, but the actual impact of such programs and measures are difficult to predict.
If the eurozone debt crisis is not resolved, it is possible that one or more countries may default on their debt obligations and/or cease using the euro and re-establish their own national currency, or that the eurozone may collapse. If such an event were to occur, it is possible that there would be significant, extended and generalized market dislocation, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, especially because our operations are primarily in Europe. In addition, the departure of one or more countries from the eurozone may lead to the imposition of, among other things, exchange rate control laws. Should the euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences for holders of eurodenominated obligations and for parties subject to other contractual provisions referencing the euro would be determined by laws in effect at such time. These potential developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect our trading environment and/or the value of the Notes, could have adverse consequences for us with respect to our outstanding debt obligations that are euro-denominated and, because we have a substantial amount of debt denominated in euro, our financial condition may be materially affected.
We are subject to risks associated with operations in multiple countries and our international business operations expose us to a number of difficulties in dealing with multiple regulatory environments.
We have substantial operations, property, plant and equipment in multiple countries. As a result, we are subject to risks associated with conducting our operations in multiple countries, including:
· difficulties in coordinating projects across multiple regions, and staffing and managing foreign operations;
· protectionist laws and business practices that favor local competitors;
