· the nationalization or expropriation of assets, and other risks which could result from a change in government or government policy, or from other political, social or economic instability.
Changes in tax laws or challenges to our tax position could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
We are subject to complex tax laws in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Changes in tax laws could adversely affect our tax position, including our effective tax rate or tax payments. In addition, Swedish, Danish, Norwegian and European and other international tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and are subject to varying interpretations. We often rely on generally available interpretations of tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We cannot be certain that the relevant tax authorities are in agreement with our interpretation of these laws. If our tax positions are challenged by relevant tax authorities, the imposition of additional taxes could require us to pay taxes that we currently do not collect or pay
34
or increase the costs of our services to track and collect such taxes, which could increase our costs of operations and have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
We occupy most of our facilities under short- and medium-term leases. We may be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. If we close a facility, we remain obligated under the applicable lease.
Most of our facilities are located in leased premises. Most of our leases are non-cancellable and short- or medium-term. We believe that leases we enter into in the future will likely be on similar terms as our current leases. We may be unable to renew our leases at the end of their terms, or the terms of such renewal may be less favorable to us than those under the current leases. If we close a facility, we generally remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which includes the payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. Over the course of the last few years, we closed a number of facilities for which we remain liable on the lease obligations. Our obligation to continue making rent payments in respect of leases for closed facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Our operating lease commitments could restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions.
Our annual leasing costs for the year ended December 31, 2012 was approximately SEK191.3 million. In the event we experience a significant decline in activity, our operating lease payment obligations may adversely affect operations and limit our growth. Our level of operating lease payments may negatively impact our operations by increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes. These restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and the ability to satisfy the obligations under the Notes.
