Our operating lease commitments could restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions.
A failure to maintain and continuously improve our information technology and operational systems to support the anticipated growth and improvements in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
In order to manage our growth and improve our performance, we must maintain and continuously upgrade and improve our operational systems and processes. Our current information technology system is highly customized, and upgrades and improvements may be costly and disruptive to our business. We may not be able to develop and implement, on a timely basis, projects, systems, procedures and controls required to support the growth and development of our operations. If we are unable to manage our growth and improve our performance, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
We rely on information technology systems that allow us to track and bill our services, communicate with our customers, manage our employees and gather information upon which our management makes decisions regarding our business. The administration of our business is increasingly dependent on the use of these systems. As a result, system failures or disruptions resulting from disasters, computer viruses, hackers or other causes could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, pursuant to contracts with third-party vendors, we outsource the operation and maintenance of certain of our information technology systems to seek to ensure effective management of our information technology resources, as well as to improve the cost efficiency of our information technology infrastructure, systems and applications. We rely on the ability of our outsourcing partners to deliver agreed services. Their failure to perform satisfactorily could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may be required to make further contributions to our pension schemes if the value of pension fund assets is not sufficient to cover potential obligations.
Our white-collar employees in Sweden are covered by a defined benefit pension plan, which is accounted for in accordance with IAS 19, under which we are required to provide agreed benefits to current and former employees. In Norway, employees of Siemens Installation AS, which we acquired in 2009, were previously covered by a defined benefit pension plan. In 2010, these employees were transferred to the same defined contribution pension plan as our other employees in Norway. However, the legacy defined benefit pension plan still applies to a small number of employees.
"Pensions risk" is the risk that the assets of our various defined benefit pension schemes, which are long-term in nature, will not fully match the timing and amount of the schemes' liabilities, as a result of which we would be required or choose to make additional contributions to the schemes. Pension scheme liabilities vary with changes to long-term interest rates, inflation, pensionable salaries and the longevity of scheme members. Changes to local legislation and regulations relating to defined benefit plan funding requirements may also result in significant deviations in the timing and size of the expected cash contributions under such plans. For the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded a net benefit cost of SEK21.8 million to our income statement and paid cash contributions of SEK5 million in respect of our defined benefit pension arrangements. As of December 31, 2012, the value of our unfunded pension plan obligations was SEK25 million.
In addition, subject to European Union endorsement, for accounting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013, there will be a number of changes to IAS 19, the IFRS pensions accounting standard. These changes result in higher pension costs which would have an adverse effect on our operating profit.
35
