In addition, subject to European Union endorsement, for accounting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013, there will be a number of changes to IAS 19, the IFRS pensions accounting standard. These changes result in higher pension costs which would have an adverse effect on our operating profit.
Work stoppages or strikes could adversely affect our business.
The majority of our employees are members of unions, and most of our employees who work in our warehouses are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We may encounter strikes or other disturbances, or threats of strikes or disturbances occasioned by our unionized labor force and, upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements, we may be unable to reach new collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or without work stoppages, strikes or similar industrial actions. Our inability to negotiate satisfactory terms for new agreements would likely cause our labor costs to increase, which would negatively affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass the additional costs on to our customers. When we acquire companies and integrate them into our existing operations, we frequently enter into negotiations to restructure or reduce the workforce at the acquired company. We may experience lengthier consultations or even strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future, particularly when we are engaged in restructuring and reducing our workforce. Any industrial action or threat thereof could disrupt our operations, possibly for a significant period of time, and result in increased wages and benefits or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Risks Related to Our Structure
The Issuer and certain of the Guarantors are holding companies with no revenue-generating operations of their own and are dependent upon cash flow from subsidiaries to meet their obligations on the Notes and the Note Guarantees, respectively.
The Issuer, Bravida Installation och Service AB, Scandinavian Installation Refi AB and Scandinavian Installation Acquisition AB are each holding companies with no independent business operations or significant operating assets other than investments in their subsidiaries. Each of these holding companies depends upon the receipt of sufficient funds from its subsidiaries to meet its obligations, including the Notes. If our operating subsidiaries do not provide funds to the Issuer to make scheduled payments on the Notes, we do not expect the Issuer to have any other source of funds that would allow it to make payments to the holders of the Notes.
Various agreements governing our debt may restrict and, in some cases may actually prohibit, the ability of these subsidiaries to move cash within their restricted group. Applicable tax laws may also subject such payments to further taxation. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted under applicable law to, make distributions or advance upstream loans to the Issuer or the Guarantors.
The inability to transfer cash among entities within their respective consolidated groups may mean that even though the entities, in aggregate, may have sufficient resources to meet their obligations, they may not be permitted to make the necessary transfers from one entity in their restricted group to another entity in their restricted group in order to make payments to the entity owing the obligations.
The Notes and each of the Note Guarantees will be structurally subordinated to present and future liabilities of our nonGuarantor subsidiaries.
