If a court were to find that the issuance of the Notes or a Note Guarantee was a fraudulent conveyance or held it unenforceable for any other reason, the court could hold that the payment obligations under the Notes or such Guarantee are ineffective, or require the holders of the Notes to repay any amounts received with respect to the Notes or such Note Guarantee. In the event of a finding that a fraudulent conveyance occurred, you may cease to have any claim in respect of the relevant Guarantor and would be a creditor solely of the Issuer and, if applicable, of the other Guarantors under any Note Guarantees that have not been declared void.
In order to receive the benefit of a security interest, the secured creditors must hold secured claims (i.e., the secured party and the creditor have to be the same person).
In addition, under the terms of the Indenture, we will be permitted in the future to incur additional indebtedness and other obligations that may share in the liens on the Collateral securing the Notes and the liens on the collateral securing our other secured debt. The granting of new security interests may require the releasing and retaking of security or otherwise create new hardening periods in certain jurisdictions. The applicable hardening period for these new security interests will run from the moment each new security interest has been granted or perfected. At each time, if the security interest granted or recreated were to be enforced before the end of the respective hardening period applicable in such jurisdiction, it may be declared void or ineffective and it may not be possible to enforce it.
Enforcing your rights as a holder of Notes or under the Note Guarantees or security across multiple jurisdictions may prove difficult.
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Sweden and the Guarantors are incorporated or organized under the laws of Sweden, Norway and Denmark. The Collateral includes the shares of certain of our subsidiaries incorporated under the laws of these jurisdictions. In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event, proceedings could be initiated in Sweden, Norway and Denmark. Such multijurisdictional proceedings are likely to be complex and costly for creditors and otherwise may result in greater uncertainty and delay regarding the enforcement of your rights. Your rights under the Notes, the Note Guarantees and the Collateral will be subject to the insolvency and administrative laws of several jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that you
37
will be able to effectively enforce your rights in such complex, multiple bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings. The multijurisdictional nature of enforcement over the Collateral may limit the realizable value of the Collateral.
Moreover, in certain jurisdictions, it is unclear whether all security interests in the Collateral give the Security Agent a right to prevent other creditors from foreclosing on and realizing the Collateral or whether certain security interests only give the Security Agent priority in the distribution of any proceeds of such realization. Accordingly, the Security Agent and holders of the Notes may not be able to avoid foreclosure by other creditors (including unsecured creditors) on the Collateral.
Risks Related to Our Financial Profile
