Subsidiary Guarantors(10)
Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries(11)
(1) Funds advised by Bain Capital and certain members of management beneficially own 100% of the issued share capital of the Issuer indirectly through their interests in Goldcup 8768 AB (renamed as Bravissima Holding AB). See "Principal Shareholder."
(2) Prior to the Issue Date, the Parent contributed the shares that it held in the Issuer to Goldcup 8768 AB by way of an unconditional shareholder contribution. At the same time, the Parent transferred all equity certificates issued by the Issuer to Goldcup 8768 AB and Goldcup 8768 AB converted these equity certificates into ordinary shares by way of an unconditional shareholder contribution.
(3) Through the Issue we issued 225 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2019 and SEK1,300 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2019.
(4) In connection with the Issue, we entered into a new senior secured revolving credit facility that provides for borrowing capacity of up to SEK550 million.
(5) The Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility are each guaranteed on a senior basis by the Guarantors. The Note Guarantees are subject to contractual and legal limitations and may be released under certain circumstances. See "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Note Guarantees." The Notes and the Note Guarantees, subject to certain exceptions and permitted liens, are secured by first-priority security interests ranking pari passu with the security interests securing super senior obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging arrangements over the same assets that secure such super senior obligations (the "Collateral"). See "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security." However, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, in the event of enforcement of the security interests in the Collateral, holders of the Notes will receive proceeds from the Collateral only after these super senior obligations have been repaid.
(6) The Intermediate Holding Companies comprise Bravida Installation och Service AB (formerly Bravissima Acquisition AB), Scandinavian Installation Refi AB and Scandinavian Installation Acquisition AB.
(7) As of and for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 and the three months ended March 31, 2012, this Prospectus presents the historical financial information for Bravida AB, the Issuer's predecessor, and its consolidated subsidiaries. This Prospectus further presents the historical financial information of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the historical financial information as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2013.
