 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are not as highly leveraged as us;
 restricting us from pursuing strategic acquisitions or exploiting certain business opportunities;
 limiting, among other things, our and our subsidiaries' ability to borrow additional funds or raise equity capital in the future and increasing the costs of such additional financings;
 exposing us to risks that are inherent in interest rate fluctuations because certain of our indebtedness (including the Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes) bears variable rates of interest; and
 subjecting us to restrictive covenants, including, in the case of our Revolving Credit Facility, financial covenants, the non-compliance with which could result in an event of default under, or acceleration of, our indebtedness.
We primarily expect to use cash flow from operations and borrowings under our new Revolving Credit Facility to finance our operations, service our indebtedness and fund capital expenditures. Our ability to make these payments depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors, many of which we cannot control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, which could result in us being unable to service or repay indebtedness or fund other liquidity needs. If we cannot service our indebtedness and meet our other obligations and commitments, we might be required to refinance our debt or dispose of assets to obtain funds for such purpose. We cannot assure you that such refinancings or asset disposals could be effected on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all, or would be permitted by the terms of our debt instruments.
Despite our high level of indebtedness and restrictive covenants, we and our subsidiaries are still able to incur significant additional amounts of debt or make certain restricted payments, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage.
We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness, in the future. Although the Indenture and the agreement governing our new Revolving Credit Facility contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions and, under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness (including secured indebtedness) that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Following the Issue, we have SEK550 million immediately available for borrowing under our new Revolving Credit Facility. Under the Indenture, in addition to specified permitted debt, we are able to incur additional indebtedness so long as on a pro forma basis our fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in the Indenture) is at least 2.0 to 1.0 and additional indebtedness sharing in the Collateral securing the Notes so long as on a pro forma basis our consolidated senior secured leverage ratio (as defined in the Indenture) is no greater than 5.0 to 1.0. In addition, neither the Indenture nor the agreement governing our new Revolving Credit Facility prevents us from incurring obligations that do not
38
