The Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes and revolving commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate that could rise significantly, increasing our interest cost and debt and reducing our cash flow.
Risks Related to the Notes
Creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility, any credit facility that refinances or replaces the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale in priority to the Notes. Holders of the Notes will not control decisions regarding the Collateral in certain circumstances.
The Notes and the Note Guarantees are secured initially on a first-ranking basis by the same Collateral securing the obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging liabilities. In addition, under the terms of the Indenture, we are permitted to incur significant additional indebtedness and other obligations that may be secured by the same Collateral on a pari passu or on a super-priority basis, including other future credit facilities and certain hedging liabilities.
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility, certain future credit facilities (subject to the incurrence of additional indebtedness permitted by the Indenture) and certain hedging liabilities are entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale in priority to the Notes. As such, in the event of a foreclosure on the Collateral, you may not be able to recover amounts owed to you if the then outstanding claims under the Revolving Credit Facility, certain future credit facilities and such hedging obligations are greater than the proceeds realized. Any proceeds from an enforcement sale of the Collateral by any creditor will, after all obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility, future credit facilities benefitting from such ranking and such hedging obligations have been discharged from such recoveries, be applied pro rata in repayment of the Notes and any other obligations secured by the Collateral which are permitted to rank pari passu with the Notes.
The lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, certain future credit facilities and creditors in respect of certain hedging obligations may have interests that are different from the interests of holders of the Notes and they may, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, elect to pursue their remedies under the Security Documents at a time when it would be disadvantageous for the holders of the Notes to do so.
In addition, if the Security Agent sells Collateral comprising the shares of any of our subsidiaries as a result of an enforcement action in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, claims under the Note Guarantees and the liens over any assets of such entities securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees may be released. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Intercreditor Agreement" and "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Security--Release of Liens."
40
The rights of holders of the Notes to enforce remedies with respect to the Collateral are subject to collateral sharing arrangements.
