Our failure to comply with the covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement or the Indenture, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement requires us to maintain a leverage ratios and a minimum cash balance. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Revolving Credit Facility." Our ability to meet these financial ratios and tests could be affected by a deterioration in our results of operations, as well as by events beyond our control, including decreases in tariffs and unfavorable economic conditions, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those ratios and tests. Moreover, the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement includes certain events of default (such as breach of representations and warranties and cross-payment defaults) that are in addition to the events of default set forth in the Indenture. If an event of default occurs under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement or any other of our debt instruments and is not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt could terminate their commitments and declare all amounts borrowed, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. Borrowings under other debt instruments, including the Notes, that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions also may be accelerated or become payable on demand. In these circumstances, our assets and cash flows may not be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness and our other indebtedness, including the Notes then outstanding, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation, and we might not be able to repay our obligations under the Notes in such an event.
The value of the Collateral securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Notes, and there may be limitations on your ability to foreclose on the Collateral.
The Notes and the Note Guarantees are secured by security interests in the Collateral described in this Prospectus, which Collateral also secures the obligations under any "super priority" credit facility, including the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations. The Revolving Credit Facility contains a mechanism under which commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility may be increased from SEK550 million to up to SEK910 million and any such increase will also benefit from firstranking security interests in the Collateral. Upon a refinancing of the Revolving Credit Facility, or if the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility consent to an increase under the Revolving Credit Facility, the amount that will benefit from firstranking security interest in the Collateral may be increased up to the amount provided under the Indenture. The Collateral may also secure additional debt ranking pari passu with the Notes to the extent permitted by the terms of the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement. Your rights to the Collateral may therefore be diluted by any increase in the first-priority debt secured by the Collateral.
The Collateral securing the Notes are subject to any and all exceptions, defects, imperfections, encumbrances and other liens permitted under the Indenture. The existence of any such exceptions, defects, imperfections, encumbrances and other liens could adversely affect the value of the Collateral securing the Notes as well as the ability of the Security Agent to realize or foreclose on that Collateral. Furthermore, the first-priority ranking of security interests can be affected by a variety of factors, including, among others, the timely satisfaction of perfection requirements, statutory liens or recharacterization under the laws of certain jurisdictions. The security interests of the security agent will be subject to practical problems generally associated with the realization of security interests in Collateral. For example, the Security Agent may need to obtain the consent of a third party to enforce a security interest. We cannot assure you that the Security Agent will be able to obtain any such consents. We also cannot assure you that the consents of any third parties will be given when required to facilitate a foreclosure on such assets. Accordingly, the Security Agent may not have the ability to foreclose upon those assets and the value of the Collateral may significantly decrease.
The value of the Collateral and the amount to be received upon a sale of such Collateral will depend upon many factors, including, among others, the ability to sell the Collateral in an orderly sale, the condition of the economies in which operations are located and the availability of buyers. The book value of the Collateral should not be relied on as a measure of realizable value for such assets. All or a portion of the Collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Likewise, we cannot assure you that there will be a market for the sale of the Collateral, or, if such a market exists, that there will not be a substantial delay in its liquidation. In addition, the share pledges of an entity may be of no value if that entity is subject to an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding. Consequently, liquidating the Collateral may not result in proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due under the Notes after satisfying the obligations to pay any creditors with prior liens. If the proceeds of the sale of the Collateral are not sufficient to repay all amounts due on the Notes, holders of the Notes (to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the Collateral) would have only an unsecured, unsubordinated claim against the Issuer's and the Guarantors' remaining assets, which may not be sufficient to repay our obligations under the Notes.
42
Your rights in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the Collateral.
Under applicable law, a security interest in certain tangible and intangible assets can be properly perfected, and its priority retained, only through certain actions undertaken by the secured party and/or the grantor of the security. The liens in the Collateral securing the Notes may not be perfected with respect to the claims of the Notes if we fail or are unable to take the actions we are required to take to perfect or maintain the perfection of any of these liens. In addition, applicable law requires that certain property and rights acquired after the grant of a general security interest, such as real property, equipment subject to a certificate and certain proceeds, can only be perfected at or promptly following the time such property and rights are acquired and identified.
