Your rights in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the Collateral.
The Trustee and the Security Agent for the Notes are under no obligation to monitor, and we may not comply with our obligations to inform the Trustee or Security Agent of, any future acquisition of property and rights by us, and the necessary action may not be taken to properly perfect the security interest in such after-acquired property or rights. Such failure may result in the invalidity of the security interest in the Collateral or adversely affect the priority of the security interest in favor of the Notes against third parties. Neither the Trustee nor the Security Agent for the Notes has any obligation to monitor the acquisition of additional property or rights by us or the perfection of any security interest.
It is uncertain under Danish law whether obligations owing to beneficial owners of the Notes that are not identified as registered holders of security rights in shares issued by the Danish subsidiaries of the Issuer will be validly secured. If any challenge to the validity of those security interests were successful, the holders of the Notes may not be able to recover any amounts under the share pledges granted over subsidiaries incorporated in Denmark.
The security over the Collateral will not be granted directly to the holders of the Notes, and the holders of the Notes will have limited rights to enforce remedies under the Security Documents.
The security interests in the Collateral that secure our obligations under the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantors under the Note Guarantees are not granted directly to the holders of the Notes, but will be granted only in favor of the Security Agent. The Trustee has entered into the Intercreditor Agreement with, among others, the Security Agent and representatives of the other indebtedness secured by the Collateral, including our new Revolving Credit Facility. Other creditors may become parties to the Intercreditor Agreement in the future. Among other things, the Intercreditor Agreement governs the enforcement of the Security Documents, the sharing in any recoveries from such enforcement and the release of the Collateral by the Security Agent. As a consequence, holders of the Notes will not have direct security interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Notes, except through the Security Agent, who will follow instructions as set forth under "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Intercreditor Agreement."
While Danish courts will recognize a duly appointed agent's right to enforce security interests in court on behalf of named secured creditors, there is a risk that the Security Agent's right to enforce security interests in its own name on behalf of secured creditors from time to time may be successfully contested.
The Issuer and the Guarantors have control over the Collateral securing the Notes, and the operation of the business or sale of particular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Notes.
The Security Documents allow the Issuer and the Guarantors to remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate, and collect, invest and dispose of any income from the Collateral securing the Notes. So long as no default or event of default under the Indenture would result therefrom, the Issuer and the Guarantors may, among other things, subject to certain limitations with respect to Security Documents governed by Swedish law, Norwegian law or Danish law, without any release or consent by the Security Agent, conduct ordinary course activities with respect to the Collateral, such as selling, factoring, abandoning or otherwise disposing of Collateral and making ordinary course cash payments, including repayments of indebtedness. Any of these activities could reduce the value of the Collateral, which could reduce the amounts payable to you from the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral in the case of an enforcement of the liens on the Notes. To the extent that additional indebtedness and obligations are secured by the Collateral, our control over the Collateral may be diminished. To the extent these activities are allowed with regard to certain security interests, under Swedish law and Danish law, such security interests could be considered not validly perfected.
The granting of the security interests in connection with the issuance of the Notes, or the incurrence of permitted debt in the future, may create or restart hardening periods, i.e., the periods of time following the granting of security interests during which such security interests may be challenged in accordance with the laws applicable in certain jurisdictions.
