(6) The Intermediate Holding Companies comprise Bravida Installation och Service AB (formerly Bravissima Acquisition AB), Scandinavian Installation Refi AB and Scandinavian Installation Acquisition AB.
(8) Around the Issue Date, Bravida AB, a Guarantor under the Notes, has merged with and into Scandinavian Installation Acquisition AB, whch is a Guarantor under the Notes. The merger was being undertaken for tax efficiency reasons and to simplify our corporate structure. Following the completion of the merger, Scandinavian Installation Acquisition AB remains in existence as the surviving entity and as a Guarantor, and the shares of Bravida Sverige AB, held by Bravida AB prior to the merger, are held by Scandinavian Installation Acquisition AB and continue to be pledged as security for the Notes and Note Guarantees.
(9) Bravissima AS, a direct subsidiary of one of the Intermediate Holding Companies, was incorporated in June 2012 in connection with the Acquisition Transactions. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the results of operations of Bravissima AS were not included in the consolidated financial statements of our Predecessor (as defined herein). Bravissima AS did not conduct material operations for the year ended December 31, 2012 and acquired ownership of its existing subsidiaries in January 2013.
(10) For the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 on a Recalculation Basis, the Guarantors represented 93.0% of our consolidated net sales and 90.7% of our consolidated EBITDA, and as of March 31, 2013, the Guarantors represented 91.4% of our consolidated total tangible assets.
(11) Our subsidiaries that are not guaranteeing the Notes are immaterial subsidiaries that are 100% owned or majority owned by the Parent. For the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 on a Recalculation Basis, our subsidiaries not guaranteeing the Notes represented 7.0% of our consolidated net sales and 9.3% of our consolidated EBITDA, and as of March 31, 2013, such subsidiaries represented 8.6% of our consolidated total tangible assets.
10
THE ISSUE
The following summary of the Issue that was carried out on June 11, 2013 contains basic information about the Notes, the Note Guarantees and the Collateral. It is not intended to be complete and it is subject to important limitations and exceptions. For a more complete understanding of the Notes and the Note Guarantees, including certain definitions of terms used in this summary, see "Description of the Senior Secured Notes.". This Prospectus has been prepared for the listing of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes on the regulated market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. This Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell the Notes.
Issuer
