· concurrently with the unconditional discharge or release of the indebtedness of the disposed entities to certain other creditors, including the creditors under the Revolving Credit Facility; and
See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Intercreditor Agreement."
The Collateral is subject to casualty risks.
We intend to maintain insurance or otherwise insure against hazards in a manner appropriate and customary for our business. There are, however, certain losses that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, in whole or in part. Insurance proceeds may not compensate us fully for our losses. If there is a complete or partial loss of any of the Collateral, the insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to satisfy all of the secured obligations, including the Notes and the Note Guarantees.
In the event of a total or partial loss to any of our facilities, certain items of equipment and inventory may not be easily replaced, if at all. Accordingly, even though there may be insurance coverage, the extended period needed to manufacture replacement units or inventory could cause significant delays and any such delay could further decrease the value of the other Collateral.
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indenture.
Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a "change of control" as defined in the Indenture, the Issuer is required to offer to repurchase all outstanding Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. If a change of control were to occur, our ability to make such purchase may be limited by our then existing financial resources and we cannot assure you that we would have sufficient funds available at such time to pay the purchase price of the outstanding Notes or that the restrictions in the Revolving Credit Facility, the Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement or our other then existing contractual obligations would allow us to make such required repurchases. A change of control may result in an event of default under, or acceleration of, the Revolving Credit Facility and other indebtedness. The repurchase of the Notes pursuant to such an offer could cause a default under such indebtedness, even if the change of control itself does not. The ability of the Issuer to receive cash from its subsidiaries to allow them to pay cash to the holders of the Notes following the occurrence of a change of control may be limited by our then existing financial resources. In addition, under the terms of the agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility, under certain circumstances, if we repay more than 60% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes offered hereby, we are required to repay and cancel commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility in the same proportion until the total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility are reduced to SEK250 million (or its equivalent in other currencies). Sufficient funds may not be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. If an event constituting a change of control occurs at a time when we are prohibited from providing funds to any of the Issuer for the purpose of repurchasing the Notes, we may seek the consent of the lenders under such indebtedness to the purchase of the Notes or may attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain such prohibition. If such a consent to repay such borrowings is not obtained, the Issuer will remain prohibited from repurchasing any Notes. In addition, we expect that we would require third-party financing to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a change of control. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such financing. Any failure by the Issuer to offer to purchase the Notes would constitute a default under the Indenture, which would, in turn, constitute a default under the agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility and certain other indebtedness. See "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Change of Control."
The change of control provision contained in the Indenture may not necessarily afford you protection in the event of certain important corporate events, including a reorganization, restructuring, merger or other similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect you, because such corporate events may not involve a shift in voting power or beneficial ownership or, even if they do, may not constitute a "change of control" as defined in the Indenture. Except as described under "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Change of Control," the Indenture will not contain provisions that would require the Issuer to offer to repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a reorganization, restructuring, merger, recapitalization or similar transaction.
The definition of "change of control" contained in the Indenture will include (with certain exceptions) a disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Issuer and its restricted subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase "all or substantially all," there is no precisely established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances, there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of "all or substantially all" of the Issuer's assets and its restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a change of control has occurred and whether the Issuer is required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes.
