The change of control provision contained in the Indenture may not necessarily afford you protection in the event of certain important corporate events, including a reorganization, restructuring, merger or other similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect you, because such corporate events may not involve a shift in voting power or beneficial ownership or, even if they do, may not constitute a "change of control" as defined in the Indenture. Except as described under "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Change of Control," the Indenture will not contain provisions that would require the Issuer to offer to repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a reorganization, restructuring, merger, recapitalization or similar transaction.
Furthermore, the occurrence of certain events that might otherwise constitute a change of control under the Indenture will not be deemed to be a change of control if at the time our consolidated leverage ratio is less than certain specified levels. See "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Certain Definitions--Specified Change of Control Event."
45
Certain covenants may fall away upon the occurrence of a change in our ratings.
The Indenture provides that, if at any time following the date of the Indenture, the Notes receive a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and a rating of BBB­ or better from Standard & Poor's Investors Ratings Services and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, then beginning that day and continuing until such time as the Notes cease to have investment-grade ratings from both Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or Standard & Poor's Investors Ratings Services, certain covenants will cease to be applicable to the Notes. See "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Certain Covenants--Suspension of Covenants on Achievement of Investment Grade Status."
If these covenants were to be suspended, we would be able to incur additional indebtedness or make payments, including dividends or investments, which may conflict with the interests of holders of the Notes. There can be no assurance that the Notes will ever achieve an investment-grade rating or that any such rating will be maintained.
There is no established trading market for the Notes. If a market for the Notes does not develop, your ability to sell the Notes may be limited.
The Notes are new issues of securities for which there is currently no established trading market. Accordingly, we cannot assure you as to:
· the liquidity of any market in the Notes;
