The Notes are initially only issued in global form and held by, or on behalf of, a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Unlike the registered holders of the Notes themselves, owners of book-entry interests do not have the direct right to act upon our solicitations for consents, requests for waivers or other actions from holders of the Notes. Instead, if you own a bookentry interest, you are permitted to act only to the extent you have received appropriate proxies to do so from Euroclear or
46
Clearstream. The procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies may not be sufficient to enable you to vote on a timely basis.
Similarly, upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Indenture, unless and until definitive registered Notes are issued in respect of all book-entry interests, if you own a book-entry interest, you are restricted to acting through Euroclear and Clearstream. The procedures to be implemented through Euroclear and Clearstream may not be adequate to ensure the timely exercise of rights under the Notes. See "Book-Entry, Delivery and Form." The transfer of the Notes is restricted, which may affect the value of the Notes.
The Notes and the Note Guarantees have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any jurisdiction and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and any other applicable laws. We have not undertaken any registration rights in respect of the Notes. It is your obligation to ensure that your offers and sales of Notes comply with applicable law. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, are not recommendations to buy or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time of the credit rating assigned to the Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of our financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of the Notes. Risks Related to Our Ownership The interests of our principal shareholders may conflict with your interests as a holder of the Notes.
The interests of our controlling shareholders may conflict with yours as a holder of the Notes, particularly if we encounter financial difficulties or are unable to pay our debts when due. The controlling shareholders have (directly or indirectly) the power to, among other things, affect our legal and capital structure and our day-to-day operations and may have an incentive to increase the value of their investments or cause us to distribute funds at the expense of our financial condition, which could impact our ability to make payments on the Notes. In addition, the controlling shareholders have the power to elect a majority of our board of directors and appoint new officers and management and, therefore, effectively control many other major decisions regarding our operations. We cannot assure you that the interests of the controlling shareholders will not conflict with your interests as a holder of the Notes. See "Principal Shareholder" and "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions."
47
