The historical audited financial information included in this Prospectus, including the audited financial information discussed in "Summary--Summary Consolidated Historical and Recalculated Financial and Other Information," "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial and Other Information" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 has been derived or extracted from Bravida AB's audited consolidated financial statements which have been audited by Bravida AB's independent auditors, KPMG AB. The historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Prospectus for the three months ended March 31, 2012 have been derived or extracted from Bravida AB's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. The historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Prospectus for the three months ended March 31, 2013 have been derived or extracted from the Issuer's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. These financial statements are incorporated through reference into this Prospectus.
In "Summary--Summary Consolidated Historical and Recalculated Financial and Other Information" we also present other recalculated information adjusted to give effect to the issuance of the Notes and the application of the proceeds therefrom as set forth under "Use of Proceeds."
Unless otherwise indicated in this Prospectus, we have, solely for your convenience, translated Swedish krona amounts into euro (i) in respect of income statement data for the year ended December 31, 2012 and the twelve months ended March 31, 2013, at a rate of exchange of SEK8.7064 to 1.00 and SEK8.6185 to 1.00, respectively, representing the average rate of exchange for the respective periods as published by Bloomberg (London Composite Rate) and (ii) in respect of balance sheet data as of December 31, 2012 and March 31, 2013, at a rate of exchange of SEK8.5828 to 1.00 and SEK8.3679 to 1.00, respectively, representing the rate of exchange as of the respective dates as published by Bloomberg (London Composite Rate). For all other convenience translations we have used the average rate of exchange applicable for the date or period, as the case may be, presented in this Prospectus under the heading "Exchange Rate Information." The translation of income statement and balance sheet transactions expressed in Swedish krona using such rates may result in the presentation of euro amounts that differ from the euro amounts that would have been obtained by translating Swedish krona into euro at the exchange rate prevailing when such transactions were recorded.
Impact of the Acquisition Transactions on Our Historical Financial Information
We accounted for the Acquisition Transactions using the acquisition method of accounting, which involves measuring the cost of the acquisition and allocating it to identifiable assets acquired and identifiable liabilities assumed, measured at their fair values as of the date of completion of the Acquisition Transactions. The revenues and expenses directly attributable to the operations of the Predecessor were included in the Issuer's financial statements from the same date. The excess of the purchase price over these allocations has been assigned to goodwill, which is not amortized for accounting purposes but is subject to testing for impairment at least annually. In addition, we will incur a substantial amount of indebtedness as a result of the Refinancing (as defined herein), and our interest expense will increase in future periods.
In addition to changes to our financial statements resulting from the application of the acquisition method of accounting, due to the effects of the increased borrowings to finance the Acquisition Transactions, our interest expense has increased significantly following the Acquisition Transactions. As a result, the financial information for periods beginning on or after December 31, 2012 for the Successor may not be comparable to the financial information of the Predecessor for periods prior to this date.
The Issuer will be our continuing reporting entity going forward but the impact of the Acquisition Transactions and the Refinancing on our financial statements will affect the comparability of our future financial information with the historical financial information of our Predecessor. Acquisition Transactions-related costs were recognized for the Issuer in profit or loss as incurred.
Non-IFRS Financial and Operating Information
Certain financial measures and ratios related thereto in this Prospectus, including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (collectively, the "EBITDA Metrics"), are not specifically defined under IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles. These measures are presented in this Prospectus because we believe that they are among the measures used by management to evaluate the cash available to us to fund ongoing, long-term obligations and they are frequently used by securities analysts, high yield investors and other interested parties for valuation purposes or as a common measure of the ability of issuers to incur and meet debt service obligations. These measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other
