 they do not reflect any cash income taxes that we may be required to pay;
 they do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from certain matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations;
 assets are depreciated or amortized over differing estimated useful lives and often have to be replaced in the future, and these measures do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and
 other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.
Because of these limitations the EBITDA Metrics should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our IFRS results and using these non-IFRS measures only supplementally to evaluate our performance. You are encouraged to evaluate each of the adjustments reflected in our presentation of the EBITDA Metrics and whether you consider each to be appropriate. See "Summary--Summary Consolidated Historical and Recalculated Financial and Other Information," "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial and Other Information," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes which are incorporated through reference into this Prospectus.
For a description of how our EBITDA Metrics are calculated from our consolidated result from operations and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to our results for the period presented in this Prospectus and a calculation of our other EBITDA Metrics, see "Summary--Summary Consolidated Historical and Recalculated Financial and Other Information."
Free cash flow is a supplemental measure of our liquidity and cash flow that is not required by or presented in accordance with IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles. We present free cash flow in this Prospectus because we believe that free cash flow provides useful information to investors about our business and our liquidity and cash flow. Free cash flow is not a measurement of our liquidity or results of operations under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles and has limitations as an analytical tool. This measure may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies and is not a measurement under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles, and you should not consider such items as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities, profit/(loss) for the period or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our IFRS results and using this non-IFRS measure only supplementally to evaluate our performance. You are encouraged to evaluate the methodology used to calculate free cash flow and whether you consider it to be appropriate.
Financial Information for the Twelve Months Ended March 31, 2013
The unaudited recalculated condensed consolidated financial information for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 set forth in this Prospectus was derived by adding the unaudited recalculated condensed consolidated financial information of Bravida AB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and subtracting the unaudited recalculated condensed consolidated financial data of Bravida AB for the three months ended March 31, 2012. The summary unaudited consolidated financial data for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 is not required by or presented in accordance with IFRS or generally accepted accounting principles, and has been prepared for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily representative of our results of operations for any future period or our financial condition at any future date.
