Financial Information for the Twelve Months Ended March 31, 2013
50
Presentation of Segment Information Segment information presented in this Prospectus representing net sales from our installation and services businesses
are based on our classification of our profit centers. Each of our local branches is divided into one or more profit centers that predominantly engage in either our installation business or our services business. For purposes of our segment reporting, we classify net sales generated from profit centers that predominantly provide installation solutions as net sales from our installation business and the net sales generated from profit centers that predominantly provide service solutions as net sales from our services business. To the extent that a profit center operates in both of our business areas and provides installation as well as service solutions, for purposes of our segment reporting, we allocate all of the net sales generated by such profit center to either one of our business area segments, based on the operations predominantly conducted by that profit center. For example, if a profit center predominantly conducts our installation business, we record the total net sales generated by that profit center as net sales from installation. The presentation of segment information by business area in this Prospectus is therefore based on our own classification. We review the classification of our profit centers on a regular basis and they may be reclassified from time to time. Market and Industry Information
In this Prospectus, we rely on and refer to information regarding our business and the markets in which we operate and compete. Certain market data and economic and industry data and forecasts used in this Prospectus were obtained from publicly available information, independent industry publications and reports prepared by industry consultants. Where available, we have presented market and industry information derived from third-party sources such as industry publications and research, as well as data reports, surveys and studies prepared by professional third-party organizations. In particular, we present in this Prospectus certain information prepared by Eurostat and Euroconstruct. In considering the industry and market data included in this Prospectus, prospective investors should note that this information may be subject to significant uncertainty due to differing definitions of the relevant markets and market segments described. In many cases, there is no readily available external information (whether from trade associations, government bodies or other organizations) to validate market-related analyses and estimates, thus requiring us to rely on internally developed data. Consequently, we have made our estimates largely based on internal surveys and studies.
In addition to the foregoing, certain information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other industry data pertaining to our business contained in this Prospectus was estimated or derived from assumptions we deem reasonable and from our own research, surveys, studies and experience. In light of the absence of publicly available information on a significant proportion of participants in the industry, the data on market sizes and projected growth rates should be viewed with caution. Our internal estimates have not been verified by any independent sources and neither we nor the Initial Purchasers can assure you as to their accuracy or the accuracy of the underlying assumptions used to estimate such data.
All estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors. The projections and forward-looking statements in this section are not guarantees of future performance, and actual events and circumstances could differ materially from current expectations. Numerous factors could cause or contribute to such differences. See "Risk Factors," "Industry" and "Business" for further discussion.
The tables below set forth, for the periods and dates indicated, the period end, average, high and low exchange rates published by Bloomberg (London Composite Rate). The below rates may differ from the actual rates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and the other financial information appearing in this Prospectus. Our inclusion of these exchange rates is not meant to suggest that the Swedish krona amounts actually represent such euro amounts, or that such amounts would have converted at a particular rate, if at all.
51
