(5) The Notes include euro-denominated floating rate notes and Swedish kronor-denominated floating rate notes.
54
UNAUDITED RECALCULATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following recalculated financial information contains unaudited recalculated condensed consolidated income statements of the Issuer for the year ended December 31, 2012 and the three months ended March 31, 2012. The unaudited recalculated consolidated income statements of the Issuer for the year ended December 31, 2012 and the three months ended March 31, 2012 represent the historical unaudited financial information for Bravida AB, as adjusted to give effect to historical income and expenses recorded by Bravida AB's intermediate holding companies (Bravida Installation och Service AB (formerly Bravissima Acquisition AB), Scandinavian Installation Refi AB and Scandinavian Installation Acquisition AB (collectively, the "Intermediate Holding Companies")) and by Bravissima AS and the Issuer (formerly Bravissima AB) during the relevant periods and as further adjusted to give recalculation effect to the Acquisition Transactions as if such transactions had occurred on January 1, 2012. The unaudited recalculation adjustments give effect to:
· the acquisition on July 31, 2012 of all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Scandinavian Installation Refi AB and its subsidiaries by investment funds advised by Bain Capital. The Acquisition Transactions were accounted for under IFRS 3 (2008 Revised), Business Combinations ("IFRS 3"), using the acquisition method of accounting. The Successor recognized SEK4,471 million of goodwill as a result of the Acquisition Transactions; and
· the incurrence of indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facilities Agreement, which was used to finance a portion of the purchase price for the Acquisition Transactions.
The unaudited recalculation adjustments do not reflect any other transactions since January 1, 2012, including the Issue.
The unaudited recalculated consolidated financial information is presented for informational purposes only. The unaudited recalculation adjustments are based on currently available information and certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable under circumstances and supportable. The unaudited recalculated consolidated financial information does not purport to represent what our results of operations would have been had the Acquisition Transactions actually occurred on January 1, 2012, and they do not purport to project our results of operations or financial condition for any future period. The unaudited recalculated consolidated income statements should be read in conjunction with the information contained in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto which are incorporated through reference into this Prospectus.
The Acquisition Transactions
