The Note Guarantees are also subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Note Guarantees are subject to release under certain circumstances. See "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Note Guarantees--Note Guarantees Release."
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the liens securing the Notes deem to rank equally with the liens that secure (i) obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) certain obligations under hedging arrangements and (iii) certain other future indebtedness permitted to be incurred under the Indenture. Such liens are, or will be, evidenced by security documents for the benefit of (through the Security Agent) the holders of the Notes, the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the holders of certain hedging obligations and future indebtedness. Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the holders of the Notes will receive proceeds from enforcement of the Collateral only after certain
12
Optional Redemption SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes Additional Amounts; Tax Redemption
Change of Control Certain Covenants
super senior priority obligations, including obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain hedging obligations, have been repaid.
The Issuer may redeem all or part of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes on or after June 15, 2015, at the redemption prices described under "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Optional Redemption."
In addition, prior to June 15, 2015 the Issuer may redeem all or part of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes by paying a "make-whole" premium described under "Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Optional Redemption."
All payments in respect of the Notes or with respect to any Note Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for any taxes or other governmental charges, except to the extent required by law. If withholding or deduction is required by law, subject to certain exceptions, the Issuer, or the relevant Guarantor, as applicable, will pay additional amounts so that the net amount you receive is no less than that which you would have received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. See "Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Withholding Taxes." The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time, upon giving prior notice, if certain changes in tax law impose certain withholding taxes on amounts payable on the Notes and, as a result, the Issuer or a Guarantor is required to pay additional amounts with respect to such withholding taxes. If the Issuer decides to exercise such redemption right, it must pay you a price equal to the principal amount of the Notes plus interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption. See "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Redemption for Taxation Reasons."
