· HVAC. Our HVAC installation and services solutions include ventilation systems for air handling, air conditioning and climate control. This field of technology accounted for 16% of our total net sales on a Recalculation Basis for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013.
Our broad range of installation and services solutions for electrical, heating and plumbing and HVAC enables us to execute projects for a variety of infrastructure and buildings, creating a "one-stop shop" for our customers. Our ability to provide fully integrated, comprehensive installation and services solutions ensures that all elements of the solutions that we deliver to our customers work well together, and we are able to assume responsibility for all stages of our installation and services projects, from inception to completion. We are one of only a small number of service providers in the market able to compete effectively for both large, complex projects and smaller projects, owing to our range of expertise, ability to deliver comprehensive solutions and our long-standing local relationships.
We have built a strong and diversified customer base across Scandinavia of over 50,000 customers, ranging from small and medium-sized enterprises that generate annual revenues of 50 million or less, to large corporations and public entities that
60
typically generate much higher revenues. We serve a wide range of end-markets across Scandinavia, including the construction, real estate, industrial and the public sector end markets. With a workforce of 7,868 employees, consisting of over 6,000 installers spread across Scandinavia, we have the ability to carry out a variety of projects ranging from small-scale, local projects to largescale, complex projects across multiple sites.
Our Segments
We classify our profit centers based on whether they are predominately engaged in either our installation business or our services business. For purposes of our segment reporting, we classify revenues generated from profit centers that predominantly provide installation solutions as net sales from our installation business and the revenues generated from profit centers that predominantly provide service solutions as net sales from our services business. To the extent that a profit center operates in both of our business areas and provides installation as well as service solutions, for purposes of our segment reporting, we allocate all of the revenues generated by such profit center to either one of our business areas, based on the operations predominantly conducted by that profit center.
Our results of operations are controlled and reviewed on a geographic basis and we organize our operations into divisions, which correspond to the geographic markets where we operate. Our geographic divisions comprise (i) the Stockholm division; (ii) the Sweden­North division; (iii) the Sweden­South division; (iv) the Norway division; and (v) the Denmark division.
Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
