Our results of operations are controlled and reviewed on a geographic basis and we organize our operations into divisions, which correspond to the geographic markets where we operate. Our geographic divisions comprise (i) the Stockholm division; (ii) the Sweden­North division; (iii) the Sweden­South division; (iv) the Norway division; and (v) the Denmark division.
General Economic Conditions
Macroeconomic factors in the geographic markets in which we operate affect customer demand and, in turn, our results of operations. These factors include GDP fluctuations in Sweden, Norway and Denmark, the three main countries in which we operate. During periods of strong GDP growth, our activity is fueled by industrial investments, public sector infrastructure projects and commercial construction. During recessionary periods, our installation business typically experiences a decline in net sales which correlates to reduced levels of capital investments by our customers. This includes reduced spending by national and local authorities, as well as industrial and utility companies, although public sector expenditure tends to decrease less relative to private sector spending. We observed certain industries reducing their activity levels beginning in 2009. Accordingly, we experienced decreases in demand in our installation business in 2010 and continuing in 2011, particularly in Denmark, which is our market that was most affected by the economic downturn and the monetary crisis in the European Union. In particular, we experienced reduced demand from manufacturing companies and building developers. However, during recessionary periods, when customers significantly reduce their capital expenditures, demand in our services business, which is mainly driven by renovation and maintenance expenditures, has been generally resilient to macroeconomic changes and tends to be countercyclical, providing a more stable source of income. When macroeconomic conditions improve, we generally experience increases in revenues in both our installation business and our services business.
Flexible Cost Structure
We have a flexible cost structure, which helps to preserve margins during economic downturns. Variable and semivariable costs (including subcontracting costs, temporary and fixed-term employees and installation materials and consumables used) constitute the majority of our operating expenses. We maintain low levels of inventory and our suppliers deliver directly to our work sites, which helps reduce our fixed costs and allows us to adjust our cost structure in response to market demand. We also have flexibility to improve our cost structure through personnel relocations and reductions. For example, in March 2013, we relocated a team of installers from our Sweden­South division to Norway, where we were experiencing higher demand for our services but had limited numbers of skilled personnel available to address the requirements of our customers. Approximately 25% of our labor costs are attributable to sub-contractors, allowing us to quickly adjust personnel levels and costs by increasing or decreasing sub-contracted personnel as needed. Additionally, as a result of the employment laws in the countries where we operate, we believe that we have the ability to actively manage the size of our workforce by implementing personnel reductions, typically within three and twelve months.
Seasonality
Our revenues and costs are subject to seasonal variation, limiting the overall comparability of interim financial periods. We account for revenue in accordance with the degree of completion of the project. Therefore, when a public holiday falls in a given interim period, there are fewer working days and as a result we recognize less revenue from our ongoing projects. For example, for the three months ended March 31, 2013, our net sales and costs of production decreased as a result of the Easter holiday falling in March.
Our working capital needs are seasonal, although they are generally negative due to our customer contracts and focus on invoice collection. We invoice our customers monthly, in the case of ongoing and completed installation projects, and daily, in the case of completed service projects. The month immediately following the end of a quarter generally has our strongest cash flow, and December is also typically high in connection with year-end payments. Cash flow tends to be generally the strongest in the fourth quarter, with public and private sector customers seeking to meet their maintenance and operating expenses budgets. Cash flow in August and September tends to be weak because of lower business activity in the month of July, which is the main annual holiday period in our markets.
61
