Our working capital needs are seasonal, although they are generally negative due to our customer contracts and focus on invoice collection. We invoice our customers monthly, in the case of ongoing and completed installation projects, and daily, in the case of completed service projects. The month immediately following the end of a quarter generally has our strongest cash flow, and December is also typically high in connection with year-end payments. Cash flow tends to be generally the strongest in the fourth quarter, with public and private sector customers seeking to meet their maintenance and operating expenses budgets. Cash flow in August and September tends to be weak because of lower business activity in the month of July, which is the main annual holiday period in our markets.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rates
Our reported results of operations and financial condition are affected by exchange rate fluctuations due to both transactional and translation risk.
Transactional risk: Transactional risk arises when our subsidiaries execute transactions in a currency other than their functional currency. We operate primarily in Sweden, Norway and Denmark. As a result, we generate a portion of our sales and generate a portion of our costs in currencies other than Swedish kronor. Where we are unable to match sales received in foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency, our results of operations are impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations. We generally benefit from a natural hedge against currency fluctuations in the three countries in which we operate because we incur costs and receive revenues in the applicable local currency. However, we purchase equipment from suppliers who generally operate in euro, and these suppliers may change their Swedish kronor prices to reflect fluctuations in the Swedish kronor to euro exchange rate.
Translation risk: We present our consolidated financial statements in Swedish kronor. Accordingly, we are exposed to translation risk when we translate assets, liabilities, income and expenses of our Norwegian and Danish operations into Swedish kronor at then-applicable exchange rates when preparing our consolidated financial statements. For our income statement items, this translation is made using the average year to date exchange rates over the relevant period. For balance sheet items, we make this translation using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The translation differences from the translation of foreign operations for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 had a negative impact of SEK54.0 million (5.7 million), SEK5.0 million (0.6 million) and SEK12.0 million (1.4 million), respectively, on our total earnings.
Although we have relatively low exposure to the transaction risk, fluctuations in currency rates against Swedish kronor have a translation impact on the Swedish kronor value of our income, costs and other financial results. We did not experience significant gains or losses as a result of fluctuations of Norwegian kroner and Danish kroner against Swedish kronor during the periods under review.
Equipment and Materials Used
We purchase equipment (machinery, technical equipment and installation equipment) and installation materials in the ordinary course of our business. Our expenses for this equipment and these materials are subject to fluctuations based on our activity levels and the prices of the equipment and materials we purchase. During periods of strong economic growth, our expenditures on equipment and other materials are higher, due to the fact that our installation business, which requires more purchases of materials, makes up a larger share of our total sales than is the case during recessionary periods. When our demand for equipment and materials increases, we seek to consolidate our purchases to achieve volume-based discounts from our suppliers. During economic downturns, when our services business makes up a larger share of our total sales than our installation business, our expenditures on equipment and other materials are lower, due to the fact that maintenance services require the use of less equipment and materials. The prices of the equipment we purchase are subject to variation based on the fluctuations in the prices of raw materials (primarily aluminum, copper and steel) used to produce that equipment.
Acquisitions and Dispositions
