We purchase equipment (machinery, technical equipment and installation equipment) and installation materials in the ordinary course of our business. Our expenses for this equipment and these materials are subject to fluctuations based on our activity levels and the prices of the equipment and materials we purchase. During periods of strong economic growth, our expenditures on equipment and other materials are higher, due to the fact that our installation business, which requires more purchases of materials, makes up a larger share of our total sales than is the case during recessionary periods. When our demand for equipment and materials increases, we seek to consolidate our purchases to achieve volume-based discounts from our suppliers. During economic downturns, when our services business makes up a larger share of our total sales than our installation business, our expenditures on equipment and other materials are lower, due to the fact that maintenance services require the use of less equipment and materials. The prices of the equipment we purchase are subject to variation based on the fluctuations in the prices of raw materials (primarily aluminum, copper and steel) used to produce that equipment.
In recent years, external growth has contributed to the overall growth of our business, and we intend to continue to pursue acquisitions in order to increase our market presence, our service offering and our service capacity. In 2010, we made three small "bolt-on" acquisitions in Sweden, Norway and Denmark. In 2011, we made ten small "bolt-on" acquisitions in Sweden and Norway, and as a result, our net sales increased by SEK142.8 million. In 2012, we completed seven small "bolt-on" acquisitions in Sweden, Norway and Denmark, as a result of which our net sales increased by SEK179.2 million. We did not complete any acquisitions in the first quarter of 2013.
Active Portfolio Management
We generally seek to maintain balanced and sustained revenue flows by prioritizing smaller, shorter-term, high-margin contracts and maintaining a balance between installation and services contracts with a diverse range of customers operating in various end-markets. When one of our end-markets, such as industrial manufacturing, is experiencing lower expenditure, we can benefit from increased spending in another sector, such as mining. We also actively reallocate resources from less profitable regions to more profitable regions in response to demand in those regions. We also actively manage our installation business order book, which we track with two metrics we call order intake and order backlog. Order intake represents the value of installation projects we commit to during any relevant period, plus changes to existing projects made during that period. Order backlog represents the value of remaining (not yet accrued) project revenues from orders on hand at the end of any relevant period. These two metrics provide us with visibility on near-term revenues. In 2011, 2012 and the first quarter of 2013, our order intake increased for larger projects that only few providers, like us, have the size and scale to complete.
The Acquisition Transactions
We completed the Acquisition Transactions on July 31, 2012. The Acquisition Transactions and the payment of related transaction expenses were financed with borrowings under our Existing Credit Facilities Agreement and equity contributions from our shareholders. As of July 31, 2012, we had total debt of SEK2,804 million and cash and cash equivalents of SEK220 million.
62
Substantially all of such cash and cash equivalents were used shortly thereafter to pay costs associated with the Acquisition Transactions, and had been earmarked for this purpose.
The Acquisition Transactions had a significant effect on our results of operations, in particular:
