Use of proceeds Transfer restrictions Absence of a public market for the Notes
We have used the proceeds from the Issue to: (i) repay in full all amounts outstanding under our Existing Credit Facilities Agreement; and (ii) pay related fees and expenses; and will use the proceeds for (iii) for general corporate purposes, which may include the financing of acquisitions from time to time. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisition opportunities, we may use all or part of the proceeds from the Issue retained as cash on balance sheet, together with other cash reserves, to fund distributions to our shareholders. See "Use of Proceeds."
The Notes and the Note Guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transfer and may only be offered or sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. See "Important information."
The Notes are new securities for which there is currently no market. Although the Initial Purchasers have informed us that they intend to make a market in the Notes, they are not obligated to do so and they may discontinue market-making at any time without notice. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that a liquid market for the Notes will develop or be maintained.
Listing
Following the Issue Date, we intend to make an application to also list the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. Application has also been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market thereof and trading has commenced on October 22, 2013. Accordingly, the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes will be listed both on the Irish Stock Exchange and on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm, subject to acceptance of the application to list the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm for which there can be no assurance.
Trustee
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited.
Registrar and Transfer Agent
