England and Wales.
Risk Factors
Investing in the Notes involves substantial risks and prospective investors should refer to "Risk Factors" for a discussion of certain factors that they should carefully consider before deciding to invest in the Notes.
14
SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL AND RECALCULATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
The following tables present certain summary consolidated historical and recalculated financial information and other financial information as of and for the dates indicated. The historical financial information of the Predecessor as of and for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 presented below has been derived or extracted from the Predecessor's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012, which are incorporated through reference into this Prospectus.
The historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2012 has been derived or extracted from the Predecessor's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2012, which are incorporated through reference into this Prospectus. The historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2013 has been derived or extracted from the Issuer's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2013, which are incorporated through reference into this Prospectus. Results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2012 and 2013 are not necessarily indicative of results for a full fiscal year, or for any other periods.
We have also presented unaudited recalculated condensed consolidated financial information and other financial information for the three months ended March 31, 2012 and for the year ended December 31, 2012, which have been prepared on a Recalculation Basis. The unaudited recalculated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2012 give effect to the Acquisition Transactions as if they had occurred on January 1, 2012.
The recalculation adjustments are based upon available information and certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable. The summary unaudited recalculated consolidated financial and other data are for information purposes only and do not purport to represent what our results of operations or other financial information actually would have been if the Acquisition Transactions had occurred at any date, and such data do not purport to project the results of operations for any future period. In addition, due to the accounting impact of the Acquisition Transactions and the acquisition accounting-related adjustments that affect the results and other items of the Successor such as the increased interest expense resulting from the Acquisition Transactions, the recalculation results are not directly comparable to our Predecessor's results presented in this Prospectus.
