· Degree of completion--recognized costs in relation to estimated total project costs.
These are reported as materials and inventories, advances or other assets depending on their character. Changes to the scope of the project, claims and incentive pay are included in project revenue to the extent that they have been agreed upon with the customer and can be reliably measured. A fundamental condition for application of the percentage of completion method is that project revenues and project costs can be reliably measured and that the degree of completion is determined in a way that is relevant with respect to the reliability requirement.
For projects for which revenues and costs cannot be reliably measured at the closing date the zero profit method is applied. This means that revenue equal to the incurred costs is recognized for the project, i.e. the profit is zero until such time as it is possible to determine the earnings. As soon as this is possible the percentage of completion method is applied. Provisions are made for expected losses, i.e. when the project costs are expected to exceed the total project revenues, and these amounts are charged to earnings for the year.
We recognize assets receivables (balance sheet item "Accrued but not invoiced income") from buyers of installation projects for which the project costs and recognized profits (after deducting recognized losses) exceed the invoiced amount. Partially invoiced amounts that have not yet been paid by the customer and amounts withheld by the buyer are included in the item Trade receivables. We recognize as liabilities (balance sheet item "Invoiced but not accrued income") any liabilities to buyers of installation contracts for projects in progress for which the invoiced amount exceeds the project costs and recognized profits (after deducting recognized losses).
Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This also takes into account the risk of obsolescence. Cost is determined using the first-in/first-out method (FIFO) method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in our operating activities less any applicable variable selling expenses. The cost of our semi-finished and finished goods consists of direct costs of production plus a reasonable portion of indirect costs of production. Normal capacity utilization is also taken into account in the valuation.
Warranty Provision
A provision is recognized when the underlying product or service has been sold. Upon completion of the installation work a warranty period of 24 months normally applies. The warranty provision is calculated on the basis of previous years' warranty expenditure and an assessment of future warranty risks.
72
