A provision is recognized when the underlying product or service has been sold. Upon completion of the installation work a warranty period of 24 months normally applies. The warranty provision is calculated on the basis of previous years' warranty expenditure and an assessment of future warranty risks.
Translation of Foreign Currencies
Functional Currency and Reporting Currency
Items included in the financial statements for our various units are valued in the currency used in the economic environment in which each company primarily operates (functional currency). The Swedish krona, the functional and reporting currency of our Parent, is used in the consolidated financial statements.
Transactions and Balance Sheet Items
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates applying at the transaction date. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from such transactions and upon translation of monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies at closing rates are recognized in the income statement. Foreign exchange differences on borrowing are recognized under financial items while other foreign exchange differences are included in operating profit/loss.
Financial Statements of Foreign Operations
Results and financial position for all foreign operations included in the consolidated financial statements that have a different functional currency than our reporting currency are translated into our reporting currency as follows: assets and liabilities for each of the balance sheets are translated at the closing rate income and expenses for each of the income statements are translated at the average rate all resulting foreign exchange differences are recognized through other comprehensive income as a separate part of equity (translation reserve).
Upon consolidation, foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of net investments in foreign operations are transferred to equity through other comprehensive income. Upon divestment, wholly or partially, of a foreign operation the foreign exchange differences recognized in equity through other comprehensive income are transferred to profit/loss for the year. Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities in this operation and translated at the closing rate.
