Results and financial position for all foreign operations included in the consolidated financial statements that have a different functional currency than our reporting currency are translated into our reporting currency as follows: assets and liabilities for each of the balance sheets are translated at the closing rate income and expenses for each of the income statements are translated at the average rate all resulting foreign exchange differences are recognized through other comprehensive income as a separate part of equity (translation reserve).
Employee Benefits
Post-Employment Benefits
In Denmark all employees are covered by defined contribution plans. In Sweden most employees are covered by a defined contribution plan, but a significant number are covered by a defined benefit plan. In Norway virtually all employees are covered by a defined contribution pension plan.
In a defined contribution plan, we make fixed contributions to a separate legal entity and have no obligation to make any further contributions. Costs are charged to the consolidated income statement when the benefits are earned.
Net liability relating to defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the future compensation earned by the employees through their employment in the current and previous periods. We bear the risk for ensuring that the plan provides the promised compensation.
The defined benefit pension plans are both funded and unfunded. In a funded plan the assets have been segregated, mainly in pension funds. These plan assets can only be used to make payments in accordance with the terms of the pension agreements.
The estimated present value of the obligations less fair value of the plan assets is recognized in the balance sheet as a provision or a non-current financial asset, as appropriate.
The pension cost and the retirement benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plans are calculated annually by independent actuaries. The obligation is defined as the present value of expected future payments to beneficiaries. The discount rate used is the yield on high-quality mortgage bonds with maturities equivalent to the average maturity of the obligations and the currency.
