The estimated present value of the obligations less fair value of the plan assets is recognized in the balance sheet as a provision or a non-current financial asset, as appropriate.
Actuarial gains and losses may arise when defining the present value of the retirement benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets. These arise either because fair value differs from the previous assumption or because the assumptions have changed. That part of the accumulated actuarial gains and losses at the end of the previous year that exceeds 10% of the higher of the present value of the obligations and fair value of the plan assets is recognized in the income statement over the estimated remaining period of service for employees covered by the plan.
The accounting policy described above is applied for the consolidated financial statements. Our Parent and subsidiaries report defined benefit pension plans in accordance with local rules and regulations in the country concerned.
A provision (or receivable) is recognized for special payroll tax when the pension cost defined in accordance with IAS 19 is higher (or lower) than the pension cost defined in the legal entity. The provision (or receivable) is based on the difference between these amounts. The provision (or receivable) is not discounted to present value.
73
Termination Benefits A provision is recognized in connection with the termination of staff only when we are demonstrably obliged to
terminate the employment before the normal date or when compensation is paid as the result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. In the event of involuntary retirement we will draw up a detailed plan specifying, as a minimum, the workplace, positions and approximate number of individuals affected as well as the benefits for each category of employee or position and the date on which the plan will be implemented. Critical Accounting Estimates
The following is a description of certain significant accounting estimates and assessments that have been made in applying our accounting policies. Percentage of Completion Accounting
Reported earnings for installation projects in progress is accounted for in accordance with the percentage of completion method based on the degree of completion of the project. Use of this method requires that project income and project expenses can be reliably measured, which in turn requires a well-functioning system for cost estimates, forecasting procedures and project review. Forecasts relating to the final outcome for the project is a critical assessment that is material to the reporting of earnings during the course of the project. There is a risk that the final earnings for the project may differ from earnings as reported in accordance with the percentage of completion method.
