We have also presented unaudited recalculated condensed consolidated financial information and other financial information for the three months ended March 31, 2012 and for the year ended December 31, 2012, which have been prepared on a Recalculation Basis. The unaudited recalculated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2012 give effect to the Acquisition Transactions as if they had occurred on January 1, 2012.
We also present below as adjusted data which give effect to the issuance of the Notes and the application of the net proceeds therefrom, as set forth under the heading "Use of Proceeds." Such recalculated information as adjusted data has been provided for illustrative purposes only and do not purport to represent what our actual results would have been if the Issue had occurred on April 1, 2012, in the case of income statement data.
The unaudited recalculated financial information for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 has been derived on a Recalculation Basis and by adding the unaudited financial information for three months ended March 31, 2013 to the unaudited recalculated financial information for the year ended December 31, 2012 and subtracting our unaudited recalculated financial information for the three months ended March 31, 2012. This information has been prepared for illustrative purposes only and is not prepared in the ordinary course of our financial reporting. Such compilation has not been audited or reviewed.
We also present certain key EBITDA Metrics and operating metrics, in addition to our IFRS measures, used by our management to evaluate, monitor and manage our business. None of these terms are measures of financial performance under IFRS, and so they should not be considered to be alternatives to our IFRS results. These terms may not be comparable to similar terms used by competitors or other companies. See "Presentation of Information--Non-IFRS Financial and Operating Information."
Prospective investors below should read the summary data presented below in conjunction with "Use of Proceeds," "Capitalization," "Unaudited Recalculated Condensed Consolidated Financial Information," "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial and Other Information," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes which are incorporated through reference into this Prospectus.
Consolidated Income Statement
Predecessor Historical
For the year ended December 31,
2010
