74
Overview
The Scandinavian Building Services Market comprises electrical, plumbing and other construction installation activities. The size of the Scandinavian Building Services Market was estimated at approximately SEK252 billion (28 billion) in terms of revenues in 2011, according to Eurostat. Sweden, Norway and Denmark comprised approximately one-half, one-third and one-fifth, respectively, of the Scandinavian Building Services Market in 2011.
The Scandinavian Building Services Market is a segment of the broader Scandinavian construction market (the "Scandinavian Construction Market") which comprises residential and non-residential building, repair and maintenance activities, but excludes civil engineering works. According to Euroconstruct, the size of the Scandinavian Construction Market (not including civil engineering works) was estimated at approximately SEK645 billion (71 billion) in terms of revenue in 2011. The Scandinavian Building Services Market has been relatively stable in recent years compared to the Scandinavian Construction Market. This was largely due to an increase in the density of installations in new construction as well as increasing demand for energy-saving and green solutions. An increase in public sector investments and larger infrastructure projects has also helped the market to maintain stability. These trends have led to the Scandinavian Building Services Market representing an increasing share of the overall Scandinavian Construction Market (from approximately 29% in 2006 to 39% in 2011 (not including civil engineering works)).
We believe that installation and services offered in the Scandinavian Building Services Market comprise two distinct segments: (i) renovation and maintenance and (ii) new construction. We estimate that renovation and maintenance represented a larger share of the total Scandinavian Building Services Market than new construction in 2011.
· Renovation and maintenance. During economic downturns, customers have a demonstrated preference for renovation and maintenance as opposed to new construction, which has traditionally resulted in countercyclical effects in the renovation and maintenance segment. Expenditures on renovation and maintenance are more flexibly managed and constitute part of a customer's general operating expenses, making them less susceptible to reductions in customer spending and resulting in stable revenue flow. Moreover, demand for renovation and maintenance is primarily driven by the age and composition of real estate. The residential building services market in Sweden also presents growth opportunities owing to the high proportion of new residential buildings constructed under the "Million Programme" in Sweden in the 1970s that are now in need of renovation and maintenance services. EU directives on Energy Performance of Buildings and related regulation in Member States are likely to drive increased spending on renovation and maintenance activities. See "--Growth Drivers."
· New construction. Macroeconomic trends have historically had a greater impact on the new construction segment compared to the renovation and maintenance segment of our industry. Demand for new technical installations has generally followed trends in investment in new buildings with a slight time lag. Although the new construction segment is generally cyclical, significant local and regional variations within different countries influence end-market exposure. Generally, the public sector has exhibited less volatility compared to the residential or commercial sectors, primarily because government spending in Scandinavia has historically increased during economic downturns.
The Scandinavian Building Services Market comprises different fields of technology which span both the renovation and maintenance and new construction segments. We operate in the electrical, heating, plumbing and HVAC fields of technology. According to Eurostat, electrical, which includes the installation of wiring and fittings, lighting systems, street lighting, electrical signals, airport runway lighting satellite dishes, alarms, solar energy collectors and connecting of electronic appliances, accounted for approximately 47% of the total Scandinavian Building Services Market in 2010. Heating and plumbing and HVAC, which includes the installation of plumbing, heating and air-conditioning systems, as well as their maintenance and repair, accounted for a combined share of approximately 47% of the total Scandinavian Building Services Market in 2010.
Industry Characteristics
