The Scandinavian Building Services Market comprises different fields of technology which span both the renovation and maintenance and new construction segments. We operate in the electrical, heating, plumbing and HVAC fields of technology. According to Eurostat, electrical, which includes the installation of wiring and fittings, lighting systems, street lighting, electrical signals, airport runway lighting satellite dishes, alarms, solar energy collectors and connecting of electronic appliances, accounted for approximately 47% of the total Scandinavian Building Services Market in 2010. Heating and plumbing and HVAC, which includes the installation of plumbing, heating and air-conditioning systems, as well as their maintenance and repair, accounted for a combined share of approximately 47% of the total Scandinavian Building Services Market in 2010.
Market Fragmentation and Competitive Environment
The market for building services in Scandinavia is highly fragmented with the three leading market competitor having a combined market share of approximately 17% in Sweden, 11% in Norway and 10% in Denmark. According to management estimates, the Scandinavian Building Services Market comprises approximately 33,000 providers, of which the vast majority have few employees.
We believe that customers demand an increasingly broad range of services and expertise from service providers, including a single point of contact for delivery of integrated solutions, in order to optimize their procurement process. Furthermore, we believe that customers often require a quick response for critical maintenance services, which requires close proximity to customers. We believe that this has led to the consolidation of small, local businesses into larger groups and international companies, including Imtech's acquisition of NVS and NEA in 2008 and 2010, respectively, and our acquisition of Siemens Installation AS in 2009.
75
In the case of larger customers with multiple locations, we believe that service providers need an extensive network in order to service these larger contracts. There are only a few building services providers in Sweden, Norway and Denmark that can deliver the full spectrum of services across all three fields of technology and have sufficient resources to deliver larger, multilocation projects, and include YIT Corporation in Finland, Imtech N.V. in the Netherlands and Bravida.
On a local level, there is greater competition with smaller companies, many of which specialize in a particular field of technology and regional area but are unable to offer "one-stop shop" solutions and compete on a national basis, including Midroc Electro AB in Sweden, Kemp & Lauritzen A/S in Denmark and ORAS AS in Norway.
Tender Process and Customer Relationships
Although the tender process varies significantly according to size and geographic location, larger projects in the Scandinavian Building Services Market are generally awarded based on price. However, we believe qualitative factors such as breadth and depth of services, overall project coordination, state-of-the-art technological know-how, the ability to provide customer-tailored adaptations and the ability to supply multi-location services across multiple fields of technology are important factors that are also considered.
