Tender Process and Customer Relationships
Local contracts, which are generally smaller in size, are often awarded based on customer relationships with managers at local branches in addition to price considerations. Initial invitations to participate in tenders at the local level are frequently extended to providers with strong relationships with the customer based on past performance and local presence. Similarly, once an invitation to bid is extended, winning a tender in a local market usually requires close relationships with local decision-makers and a recognized local market share.
Barriers to Entry
We believe that there are very few providers in each market with the capability of providing services in multiple fields of technology on a national scale. This creates a barrier to entry on larger projects, but also across larger networks on national and regional bases. The requisite offering platform and network required to provide services in multiple fields of technology is costly and time-consuming to build. Barriers to entry for single services are generally lower at a local level, with customer relationships remaining a significant factor in winning business.
Late Cycle Exposure
The Scandinavian Building Services Market tends to be late-cyclical due to the fact that building services are provided at a late stage of overall construction projects. This provides some flexibility to adjust the cost base to the expected level of demand. In the new construction segment, local, regional and global economic growth are important drivers; however, the renovation and maintenance segment remains countercyclical and relatively stable.
Growth Drivers
In addition to macroeconomic indicators, the growth in the Scandinavian Building Services Market is driven by a number of factors, including (i) demand for more complex technical installations; (ii) the increased outsourcing of technical services; (iii) proactive demand for maintenance; and (iv) energy efficiency and sustainability considerations.
Growing Demand for More Complex Technical Installations
