In addition to macroeconomic indicators, the growth in the Scandinavian Building Services Market is driven by a number of factors, including (i) demand for more complex technical installations; (ii) the increased outsourcing of technical services; (iii) proactive demand for maintenance; and (iv) energy efficiency and sustainability considerations.
The use of technical applications in buildings, such as security and energy management, has increased over time. We believe that the Scandinavian population, in particular, tends to be at the forefront of adopting and utilizing new technologies. We have observed that property owners have increasingly requested more sophisticated, complex systems that require a high level of integration between different fields of technology, including cooling systems for server rooms, the laying of cables for broadband services and the automatic control of technical systems coupled with advanced lighting, sprinkler, alarm and access control systems. The share of building services in overall construction projects has grown from approximately 29% in 2006 to approximately 39% in 2011. With the increased complexity of installations, the need for reliable installation and service has increased.
Growing Outsourcing Potential
As a result of the increased complexity of installations, companies are less able to provide installations in-house. As companies shift their focus to core activities, we believe the outsourcing of complex installations will increase. The current level of outsourcing remains low, providing a significant growth opportunity.
Proactive Approach to Maintenance
Although the approach to maintenance was more reactive in the past, the service market has become more proactive in its approach to service and maintenance. A growing number of property owners now realize that a well-defined strategy for service and maintenance tends to reduce the total cost of ownership over the life-cycle of a property by reducing accidents and production outages. We believe customers are increasingly more likely to request framework service agreements that cover the
76
servicing of an entire property and span several years as opposed to taking a more reactionary approach to service and maintenance as they have done in the past.
Energy Efficiency and Sustainability Focus
