2
3
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE ISSUE
The following description highlights selected information from this Prospectus. The description does not contain all of the information you should consider before you invest in the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information included elsewhere in this Prospectus. See "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Business" for additional factors that you should consider before investing in the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes.
Overview
We are a leading provider of electrical, heating and plumbing, HVAC and other installation and services solutions in Scandinavia, in terms of revenues. We operate in the Scandinavian Building Services Market, which has historically demonstrated stability and resilience, having grown at a rate of approximately 4.5% per annum on average between 2006 and 2011. In 2011, we were the leading provider of installation and services solutions in Sweden and number two and number three provider of such services in Norway and Denmark, respectively, in each case in terms of revenue. With over 200 branches across 150 locations, we are one of the few companies that provide installation and services solutions throughout Scandinavia. In the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 on a Recalculation Basis, we recorded total net sales of SEK11,213 million (1,301.0 million) and generated Adjusted EBITDA of SEK632 million (73.3 million).
We provide installation and services solutions for new construction as well as for renovation and maintenance projects. Our installation business and our services business accounted for 48% and 52%, respectively, of our total net sales on a Recalculation Basis for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013. Our strong presence in both the installation and services markets enables us to cross-sell our offering to our customers in each of these business areas. Our installation business consists of the new installation or the redevelopment of, and adaptations to, technical systems in buildings, plants and infrastructure. Our services business consists of the operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, reconfiguration and monitoring of installations in buildings, plants and infrastructure.
We operate our installation and services businesses in three principal fields of technology: electrical; heating and plumbing; and HVAC.
· Electrical. Our electrical installation and services solutions include integrated, energy-efficient solutions for the supply of lighting, heating and energy, including the installation and servicing of electrical infrastructure in buildings and industrial facilities. This field of technology accounted for 53% of our total net sales on a Recalculation Basis for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013.
