Total Net Sales%
EBITDA%
72 22 31 19 18 6
The following map shows the footprint of our local network, representing the locations in which we operated in Scandinavia as of March 31, 2013.
Competitive Strengths
Leading Market Positions in the Scandinavian Market Benefiting from Our Large Scale
We are a leading provider of electrical, heating and plumbing, HVAC and other installation and service solutions in Scandinavia in terms of revenue. In 2011, we were the leading provider of installation and service solutions in Sweden and the number two and number three provider of such services in Norway and Denmark, respectively, in each case in terms of revenue. We believe that we have achieved our strong market positions primarily due to our size and scale, wide reach and presence at the local level, broad service offering, long-standing customer relationships, strong brand recognition and reputation for quality. Our strong market positions provide us with a number of significant competitive advantages including, among others, strong brand recognition in the markets in which we operate and the ability to attract and retain key personnel and customers.
In addition to our strong positions, we believe that we also benefit from our size and scale. We are one of a small number of service providers in the Scandinavian Building Services Market that competes on large, complex projects while also competing effectively on smaller projects, which we attribute primarily to our deep local relationships. We have an extensive geographic presence in Scandinavia, with approximately 200 branches in approximately 150 locations, which has helped us maintain and develop a strong customer base. With a workforce of 7,868 employees, we have the ability to carry out a variety of projects ranging from small-scale, local projects to large-scale, complex projects. Due to our size and scale, we have been able to develop a broad offering of installation and services solutions. This has enabled us to execute projects for many different types of infrastructure and buildings, including hospitals, shopping centers, schools, residential buildings and industrial buildings, making us a "one-stop shop" for our customers. We believe our size and scale also allow us to command favorable pricing and rebate terms from our suppliers compared to our smaller competitors, enabling us to consistently achieve higher margins and offer more attractive pricing terms to our customers.
As a result of our strong market positions, broad service offering, reputation for quality and one-stop shop capabilities, we believe we have become the supplier of choice to many of our large customers who have large-scale, multi-site, complex projects. We believe we are attractive to these customers because we are able to assume responsibility for all stages of their installation and service projects. Our broad offering also gives us the opportunity to cross-sell our installation and services businesses and our different fields of technology to our customers.
