We also benefit from a portfolio made up of a large number of small contracts. For the year ended December 31, 2012, for example, 75% of our projects individually generated less than SEK10 million in revenues and 44% of our projects generated less than SEK1 million in revenues. A significant portion of our revenues are attributable to renovation and maintenance projects, which have historically exhibited resilient and stable growth, and consequently more-predictable revenues compared to our revenues from new construction. For the year ended December 31, 2012, 45% of our total net sales from our installation business was generated from renovation and maintenance projects with the remaining 55% generated by new construction. With a strong presence in both the installation and services markets, we are able to cross-sell our offering in each of these business areas to customers. Moreover, our expertise in the electrical, heating and plumbing, and HVAC fields has enabled us to sell multiple addon services to customers who initially approached us for our services in only one field. We prioritize maintenance services contracts with our customers, the demand for which we have found to be relatively inelastic.
We have historically demonstrated our ability to maintain stability in our EBITDA performance and EBITDA margins, including during times of macroeconomic volatility. Our ability to sustain profitable operations is underpinned in large part by our strong order book and high incidence of repeat business, which together provide high revenue visibility. As of December 31, 2012, our order backlog was SEK4,809 million, which represented 82% of our installation net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012, and as of March 31, 2013, our order backlog was SEK4,914 million, which included net sales likely to occur beyond 2013 and represented 85% of our installation net sales for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013. We also benefit from a high rate of repeat business. For example, customers who did business with us in 2011 represented over 90% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012. In addition, the majority of our net sales from our services business is attributable to recurring service agreements which typically have terms of between one and three years, offering consistent and predictable revenue generation. We also have the ability to systematically pass through raw material price increases, such as price increases in petroleum, copper, steel and aluminum, to our customers, consequently limiting the impact of raw material price volatility on our revenue flow.
81
We usually experience the impact of adverse economic conditions late in the macroeconomic cycle, which allows for timely adjustments to our cost structure. For example, in 2009, during the most recent economic downturn in Sweden, we successfully initiated cost rationalization programs early in the cycle with the aim of reducing our administrative expenses in anticipation of lower levels of business activity. Additionally, we have in the past been able to relocate our personnel from regions experiencing lower demand for our services to regions experiencing higher demand, which gave us the flexibility to reallocate our resources based on market conditions and customer requirements. For example, in March 2013, we relocated a team of installers from our Sweden­South division to Norway, where we were experiencing higher demand for our services but had limited numbers of skilled personnel available. At the same time, we made a concerted effort to grow our more stable services business, signing agreements for a number of major service projects while market prices were still relatively favorable and performing those contracts later in the cycle. We also benefit from low fixed costs, because most of our costs are highly variable.
We believe that our management structure also contributes to the profitability of our operations. Our decentralized management model promotes enterprise and accountability at all levels of our structure and encourages local branches to operate as individual profit centers. We believe that the autonomy that we offer our branch managers incentivizes them to capitalize on their local market knowledge and to deliver strong results. We encourage our local offices to grow sales by collaborating with offices located nearby to increase the share of projects covering more than one field of technology. In a market that is predominantly customer-facing, the quality of our branch managers is fundamental to building and maintaining strong and lasting customer relationships. We believe that, due to our leadership position, brand visibility, national and local reputation and involvement in industry-leading projects, we have been able to attract and retain some of the leading talent in the industry. We closely monitor branch performance to identify under-performing branches, enabling us to quickly determine whether to restructure under-performing branches or to close them.
Strong Track Record of High Cash Flow Generation
We have historically demonstrated consistently strong cash flow generation, which we believe has been driven primarily by our negative working capital requirements due to required customer prepayments for installation projects and our historically low capital expenditure requirements. As a services company, our business is characterized by low capital expenditures, representing less than 0.1% of our total net sales for each of the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012. Our strong cash flow generation has allowed us to pursue our external growth strategy, and we have made more than 28 acquisitions since 2007. Our cash conversion ratio was 67.5%, 97.7% and 80.6% for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively.
Acquisitions in a Consolidating Market Supplement Organic Growth
We have a strong track record of organic growth, which growth is complemented by through acquisitions. We believe that our strong market positions give us an advantage in pursuing attractive acquisition opportunities, because providers of building services who may be contemplating selling their businesses are more likely to contact us rather than, or prior to, our smaller or lesser-known competitors. The Scandinavian Building Services Market is a highly fragmented market with more than 33,000 operators. We have market shares of approximately 6% in Sweden, 3% in Norway and 3% in Denmark. The Scandinavian Building Services Market is composed of a large number of small companies, although approximately 89% of operators in the market had fewer than ten full-time employees on their payroll in 2010, which we believe presents attractive consolidation opportunities to complement our current offering. We believe we are well positioned to take advantage of this increasing consolidation in a fragmented market to grow our market share and presence. We have a strong track record of growth through acquisitions, having completed and integrated more than 28 acquisitions since 2007. We operate an organizational structure that encourages regional and local managers to identify and pursue accretive bolt-on acquisitions that lead to operational synergies, while maintaining group-level oversight over larger acquisitions. We follow a disciplined acquisition strategy focused on the retention of key personnel and the expansion of our geographic footprint and our technical capabilities, with a focus on attractively priced businesses that offer significant opportunities for margin improvements. We work to systematically improve our target companies' performance by aligning their operations with our business model, minimizing non-core activities, increasing shares of recurring business, expanding customer bases and rationalizing low-profit, high-risk projects. We have also sought to improve the profitability and cash flow of the companies we acquire by realizing synergies, particularly in purchasing and rationalizing their cost structure and support functions such as human resources, procurement and administration, as well as improving their working capital management.
