Acquisitions in a Consolidating Market Supplement Organic Growth
Experienced Management Team, Incentivized Employees and Shareholder Support
Our senior management team is led by our chief executive officer Staffan Påhlsson, who has extensive experience in managing installation and services businesses, integrating acquired companies and rationalizing operational costs. Mr. Påhlsson has been with us for more than 30 years in various capacities, having begun as an electrical installer in our organization. Our senior management also includes a strong team of executive officers, including heads of our geographic divisions, who on average have over 20 years of industry experience. We believe that the incentives of our management are aligned with our long-term goals, with over 125 key employees holding an equity stake in our group. We also benefit from the extensive market expertise, business relationships and ongoing strong support of our shareholder, Bain Capital.
82
Our Strategy
Continue to Grow Our Leading Market Positions by Focusing on Our Local Operations and Investing in Our Employees
We aim to be the largest or second-largest operator in at least one of our fields of technology in each of the localities in which we do business. We believe that we are well positioned to grow our leading market positions throughout Scandinavia and strong local market positions by continuing to provide high-quality services and support to our customers and employees, and by focusing on our local operations. We intend to continue to operate a large, decentralized organization, with local branch units operating as individual profit centers. Maintaining a well-established, local presence throughout Scandinavia also provides our customers with a large number of local access points. We intend to continue to leverage our strong customer relationships and local market knowledge to meet our customers' needs promptly and efficiently, in order to establish ourselves as the provider of choice in the markets in which we operate.
Our employees are key to maintaining and growing our leading-market positions. We also intend to utilize our reputation, brand awareness and scale to continue to recruit and retain the best talent in the industry and to position us as the employer of choice. We intend to improve the performance of our managers and technicians by continuing to develop professional and technical training programs and by assigning our engineers and technicians to a wide range of fields. We also intend to continue to incentivize our managers and technicians by maintaining a performance-based compensation structure.
Continue to Improve Profitability Through Operational Excellence and Economies of Scale
