Continue to Focus on Recurring Revenues
83
Continue to Leverage "Green Economy" Initiatives As energy prices rise and concerns over climate change increase, local, national and regional authorities, corporate
customers and the public are increasingly demanding socially responsible energy consumption. We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of growth in the "green economy." The energy consumption of a building is significantly influenced by the design of its electrical, heating and plumbing, and HVAC systems. As a leading Scandinavian installer and servicer of these systems, we are able to support customers seeking to optimize energy utilization in both new and existing buildings. We also offer energy efficiency solutions for several different types of power generation. We aim to increase our revenues attributable to the "green economy" by further developing innovative installation and service offerings in the area of energy efficiency. Continue to Grow Our Market Presence Through Bolt-on Acquisitions and Continued Participation in Industry Consolidation
The installation and technical services industry remains highly fragmented, presenting us with attractive acquisition opportunities. We continually evaluate opportunities to acquire and integrate other installation and technical services providers in Scandinavia in order to strengthen our competitive position, broaden the range of our offering and increase our presence in our existing markets. We make acquisition decisions at the branch level or centrally, depending on the size of the target and pursue acquisition opportunities that meet our strategic goals on terms acceptable to us. We believe we have significant experience in identifying, executing and integrating acquisitions while remaining focused on our financial policies. We intend to continue to grow through strategic bolt-on acquisitions by pursuing a two-prong acquisition strategy. First, in our core geographic markets, we intend to continue to consolidate our leading position through bolt-on acquisitions. In these markets, we intend to focus on targets that provide access to technical capabilities or geographic coverage that complements our existing capabilities and address any gaps within our current offering, particularly in Sweden and Norway. We also plan to identify targets based on their potential to supplement our offering in our strategic geographic locations. Secondly, we intend to grow selectively within complementary geographic markets, where we believe we will be able to efficiently replicate our core business model. We aim to continue to realize the operational synergies offered by the companies we acquire and to improve their performance by aligning their operations with our business. History
We were formed as a result of the merger in 2000 of BPA (Byggproduktion Aktiebolag), a Swedish building and installation company with an operating history of over 80 years that was formerly listed on the Stockholm stock exchange, and the installation business of Telenor AS, the incumbent telecommunication services operator in Norway. In 2003, we acquired Semco A/S, an installation service provider, which helped us to expand our business into Denmark. Subsequently, we reorganized our corporate and operating structure by consolidating our subsidiaries and support functions across the group and focusing our operations on the core areas of our business. Since 2007, we have made 28 bolt-on acquisitions of small and medium-sized companies, expanding and strengthening our footprint in several key Scandinavian local markets. In 2009, we acquired Siemens Installation AS, further expanding our presence in Norway.
Certain affiliates of Triton Advisors Limited purchased a majority interest in our group in December 2006. On July 31, 2012, we were acquired by Bain Capital investment funds. Our Operations
We are a leading provider of installation and service solutions for buildings and infrastructure in Scandinavia. Our main business areas consist of installation and services. We offer our customers a comprehensive installation and secondary maintenance service in four fields of technology: (i) electrical; (ii) heating and plumbing; (iii) HVAC; and (iv) other specialty areas. We operate throughout Scandinavia under our five geographic divisions: (i) the Stockholm division; (ii) the Sweden­North division; (iii) the Sweden­South division; (iv) the Norway division; and (v) the Denmark division.
84
