We are a leading provider of installation and service solutions for buildings and infrastructure in Scandinavia. Our main business areas consist of installation and services. We offer our customers a comprehensive installation and secondary maintenance service in four fields of technology: (i) electrical; (ii) heating and plumbing; (iii) HVAC; and (iv) other specialty areas. We operate throughout Scandinavia under our five geographic divisions: (i) the Stockholm division; (ii) the Sweden­North division; (iii) the Sweden­South division; (iv) the Norway division; and (v) the Denmark division.
The table below presents a summary of our services organized by the business areas and fields of technology in which we operate.
For the year ended December 31, 2012, approximately 21% of our total net sales were attributable to offices, 14% to apartment buildings, 16% to industry, 10% to hospitals, healthcare and remand centers, 9% to education and research institutions, 9% to retail, shopping centers and trade fairs, 7% to infrastructure, 4% to sports, leisure and culture and the remaining 10% were attributable to other types of buildings and infrastructure. Our Business Areas Installation
Our installation business represented 52% of our total net sales, or SEK5,886 million, for the year ended December 31, 2012, and comprises new installations as well as the renovation and maintenance of technical systems in office buildings, retail centers, apartment complexes, manufacturing plants, healthcare, education and government facilities and other commercial, industrial and institutional facilities. The majority of our installation business comprises "turnkey" installations (utförandeentreprenad), as opposed to bespoke installations, in which a customer purchases a specific function, such as a certain indoor climate. In addition, we also undertake general installations, ranging from smaller projects that involve the installation of individual units to more comprehensive projects that involve integrated building services solutions. Installation projects vary significantly in terms of value and length and may extend over several years. Depending on the characteristics of the installation project, different specialists and experts are involved (such as electricians, plumbers and fitters), which may also include subcontractors if the necessary skills are not available internally. Services
Our services business represented 48% of our total net sales, or SEK5,513 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, and comprises maintenance, repair, operation, replacement, reconfiguration and the monitoring of completed installations in buildings, plants and infrastructure. In our services business, we perform the following functions:
· maintenance and repair, which involves corrective maintenance to existing installations as well as periodic planned maintenance;
· operations, which involve the supervision and upkeep of existing installations; · consulting services, which cover statutory HVAC inspections and energy optimization; and · minor redevelopment and extensions, which involve repair, renovation and extension projects, as well as
adaptations for tenants, upgrading and modernization. Our largest services customers include large real estate developers and owners as well as certain public sector organizations.
85
