 outdoor HVAC systems, which provide adequate air ventilation in road tunnels under varying conditions;
 process heating and cooling systems, used primarily in industrial facilities to provide heating and/or cooling to precise temperature and climate standards for the products manufactured and for the manufacturing equipment.
86
Other
As part of the comprehensive offering in our services business, we also offer services in a number of other specialist areas that draw on professionals and resources from different fields of technology. These other specialist areas represented approximately 4% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012, or SEK506.6 million. Through our various operating companies, we specialize in fire and safety technology, including alarm, surveillance and security systems; permanent, onsite maintenance services for customers' properties; and project management services in the construction and real estate sectors. We also offer rail technology installation relating to signal systems in Denmark, oil and gas installations for onshore and offshore maritime industries in Norway and energy management services for certifying and optimizing energy output.
Packaged Solutions and Integrated Offering
Our breadth and depth across business areas and fields of technology enable us to deliver a complete package of installation and service offerings, ranging from complex integrated solutions to minor renovation projects. As a complement to our basic services, and in response to the industry trend toward increased demand among customers for a full-service portfolio among providers, we have created a number of packaged solutions, notable among them being the Bravida Plus project and the Bravida Energy Agreements. For our services business, we have created Bravida Service Agreements, which provide customers periodic and regular planned service and maintenance.
 Under our Bravida Plus projects, we offer complete installation for large-scale and complex projects under a single, full-responsibility contract. By assuming full responsibility for the installation, we can optimize all project installations while carrying out each task in a structured and efficient manner. This integrated approach seeks to improve overall functionality and promote more-efficient energy use.
 Similarly, with our Bravida Energy Agreements, we take an integrated approach to a property's energy consumption, offering a single integrated solution, improving administration and increasing cost efficiency. Our goal is to provide customers with lower-cost solutions over several years by reducing their initial investment in new equipment installation by implementing energy savings.
