87
· Norway division. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Norway division maintained on average 1,903 employees and, as of March 2013, maintained 37 branches. The Norway division generated net sales of approximately SEK2,696 million. This division experienced significant public investment in 2011, driven by strong activity in the oil and gas sector and infrastructure, as well as increased demand for new construction in the industrial and residential segments in 2011, despite increased competition and price pressures. In 2009, the Norway division doubled in size as a result of our acquisition of Siemens Installation AS. In 2011, additional acquisitions in heating and plumbing in the Oslo region further strengthened the Norway division's market position.
· Denmark division. As of December 31, 2012, the Denmark division maintained 31 branches and 1,203 employees, while generating net sales of approximately SEK1,406 million. The division was impacted by macroeconomic volatility during the recent economic downturn, experiencing weak demand in response to a slowdown in the Danish construction sector. As a result, in 2010 we decided to close our installation business in Sjaelland, which contributed to that year's decline in net sales. In 2011, the Denmark division intensified sales activities in the services business and continued to take a selective approach to contracts in the installation business in order to adapt to weak market activity, increased competition and growing pricing pressure.
In addition, the group maintains 58 employees whose function relates to the group's Swedish operations generally, none of whom are allocated to a particular Swedish division.
Our Governance Model
Our operations are decentralized. Management and administration are performed at the branch level by our branch-level managers at over 200 of our local branch offices in 150 locations throughout Scandinavia. Each of our five geographic divisions comprises several regions to which each branch-level manager reports. Each of our branches consists of one or more profit centers. We characterize our profit centers as either installation profit centers or services profit centers, based on the predominant operations of that profit center.
We interact with our customers at the branch level and have delegated to our branch managers completed autonomy and responsibility for maintaining and building customer relationships. Activities at the branch level include sales and invoicing, cost calculations, tenders, contract management, resource and staff planning, project execution, warranties and administration. Each branch manager is responsible for the organization, staffing and operation of installation and services assignments for his or her branch as well as the overall results, net sales, profitability and capacity utilization of the branch. We believe that our decentralized operational structure facilitates a deep local presence, heightened awareness of local market conditions and stronger ties to local customers.
Generally, the branch manager is responsible for the management of projects local to their area, including the organization, staffing and operational aspects of installation and services projects, ensuring that set targets for profitability and other goals are achieved. This facilitates face-to-face contact between the individuals responsible for carrying out a project and the end-customer, helping to strengthen our business relationships with our customers and promote recurring sales through repeat business with these customers.
At the same time, to create a cost-effective support structure for the local branches and branch managers, we have centralized group-relevant functions, such as our common enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system, purchasing and overall control. Our purchasing function is managed at a group level to ensure that we are able to leverage our scale in pricing negotiations with our suppliers. In addition, our larger, more-extensive projects may be coordinated at a regional, divisional or group level. We continuously work to refine processes such as planning, production and logistics and further improve existing sourcing processes and/or international sourcing channels.
