Generally, the branch manager is responsible for the management of projects local to their area, including the organization, staffing and operational aspects of installation and services projects, ensuring that set targets for profitability and other goals are achieved. This facilitates face-to-face contact between the individuals responsible for carrying out a project and the end-customer, helping to strengthen our business relationships with our customers and promote recurring sales through repeat business with these customers.
In addition, we undertake frequent and rigorous performance reviews of each branch to identify opportunities for cash flow and margin improvement. We have a strong track record in restructuring underperforming branches. To the extent we believe a particular branch cannot be restructured effectively, we may decide to close down or dispose of the branch. From 2006 to 2012, we closed several underperforming branches and sold certain branches during that same period.
The chart below illustrates our bottom-up governance model, noting the total number of our branches, regions and divisions as of December 31, 2012.
88
Our Customer Base and Customer Contracts Our Customer Base
We have a large and diverse customer base operating in a wide range of industries, including a significant number of customers in the public sector. Sales to public sector customers have grown consistently and became increasingly important to our business operations as demand from private sector customers declined during the economic downturn. Our customers range in size and type from private businesses and government entities seeking integrated installation projects to smaller, local businesses and local government entities requiring a one-time service. The chart below demonstrates the various end-markets that we serve.
Building contractors, who purchase installation services as part of larger construction projects, comprise our largest customer group, followed by public sector customers and real estate companies. While building contractors account for our largest customers in aggregate, we perform a large number of individual projects in partnership with these companies, each of which are separately negotiated and comprise a relatively small proportion of our overall sales. For the year ended December 31, 2012, building contractors accounted for 36% of total net sales, the public sector accounted for 22%, other business accounted for 16%, industry accounted for 10%, private property companies accounted for 8% and others accounted for 8%. Small and medium-sized projects, such as adaptations to offices, the redevelopment and extension of real estate and related services, are the largest contributors to our total net sales.
The graph below shows our net sales distribution across our diverse customer base.
89
