We also typically provide to our customers guarantee and support service coverage. A standard guarantee period for customer agreements for installation projects is five years on materials and workmanship from the date of acceptance and approval by the customer. Where applicable, the parties may sometimes agree on longer guarantee periods for special equipment. We often negotiate extension clauses in our supply agreements that provide a warranty period of up to 66 months (i.e., five and one-half years) where a purchase is made for an installation project. This ensures adequate back-to-back coverage during the standard warranty period.
We measure our order backlog by geographic division as of a single date by calculating the anticipated revenues from signed and binding contractual commitments existing on that date less amounts invoiced on those commitments up to that date. We have experienced a steady year-on-year increase in order intake and order backlog in most of our divisions as a result of an increase in the frequency of higher-profile and more-complex installation projects. Our order backlog grew by approximately 5% to SEK4,809 million from December 31, 2011 to December 31, 2012, primarily due to the number of large installation orders that we obtained during this period.
The Sweden­North division and the Stockholm division had order backlogs of SEK791 million and SEK1,303 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2012, which represented 40% and 61%, respectively, of our net sales for this division for the year ended December 31, 2012. In the Stockholm division and the Sweden­North division, our strong order backlog has been driven primarily by our contract to carry out the second phase of installations at Facebook Inc.'s new data center in Luleå in northern Sweden, which we are currently in the process of completing. The new contract award was primarily responsible for a 33% year-on-year increase in order backlog in 2011 in both divisions. In addition, in 2011 the Stockholm division expanded our existing installation contract for Norra Länken, Sweden's largest ongoing road construction project, to cover fire extinguishing systems in addition to HVAC systems and also was awarded the installation contract for Quality Hotel Arena Solna. The Stockholm division also received a contract to install the HVAC system for the new Stockholm Arena that is being built next to the Stockholm Globe Arena and has been given full responsibility for all installations in the new shopping center in the Hornstull district of Södermalm in Stockholm. In 2012, the completion of our installation project for Facebook, Inc.'s data center in Luleå led to a fall in order backlog for Sweden­North as of December 31, 2012 as compared to the previous year. Our 2012 order backlog for the Stockholm division grew as a result of new contracts to install HVAC systems and systems across all fields of technology for, respectively, The New Karolinska Solna University Hospital and Stockholm's new post terminal.
The Sweden­South division had an order backlog of SEK1,262 million as of December 31, 2012, which represented 39% of our net sales for this division for the year ended December 31, 2012. While our order backlog decreased year-on-year in the Sweden­South division in 2011, this was primarily the result of several large contract awards in 2010, including a project to carry out all installations in a new remand center in Helsingborg, all installations for the conversion of an old post office building in Gothenburg into the 36,000 square meter Clarion Hotel Post, heating and plumbing and HVAC installations in the new Emporia shopping center in Malmö and the services assignment at the largest nuclear power plant in the Nordic region, Ringhals. Our 2012 order backlog for Sweden­South fell slightly as a result of the completion of the Emporia shopping center in Malmö and the completion of the Clarion Hotel Post in Gothenburg. The fall in order backlog as a result of these project completions was partially offset by a new contract to install electrical, heating and plumbing and HVAC systems at the new Ängladården arena in Gothenburg.
The Norway division and the Denmark division had respective order backlogs of SEK939 million and SEK514 million as of December 31, 2012, which represented 35% of our net sales for the Norway division and 37% of our net sales for the Denmark division for the year ended December 31, 2012. The Norway division and the Denmark division showed weaker order backlog growth in 2010 and 2011, generally attributable to a shift toward increased services projects. Both divisions experienced an increase in order backlog from December 31, 2011 to December 31, 2012 as a result of several large hospital projects being awarded to us in each division during the period.
Sales and Marketing Strategy
Our sales and marketing strategy reflects the local nature of the market for installation and services. Generally, our sales and marketing activities are carried out by each branch in coordination with its respective regional and divisional offices, instead of through a central sales organization. Branch managers report to our marketing managers at each of the five divisions and seek to maintain working relationships with local branches of construction companies, municipal authorities and local industries to solidify recurring sales. Contracts with a value exceeding SEK50 million require the approval of our chief executive officer.
We typically seek to enter projects at an early stage in order to better understand customers' needs and identify opportunities for assuming greater responsibility. In addition, in connection with any installation project, customers are also often offered a services agreement to lock in going-forward sales. Prior to the completion of any project or assignment, we conduct an end meeting with the customer to evaluate any potential developments and areas in which we can continue to provide our services to the customer.
92
