We typically seek to enter projects at an early stage in order to better understand customers' needs and identify opportunities for assuming greater responsibility. In addition, in connection with any installation project, customers are also often offered a services agreement to lock in going-forward sales. Prior to the completion of any project or assignment, we conduct an end meeting with the customer to evaluate any potential developments and areas in which we can continue to provide our services to the customer.
We undertake quarterly reviews of our existing and potential customer base to develop customer action plans that provide us greater insight into whether customers are growing and profitable, the mix of installation projects and/or services assignments that customers may undertake, customers' reputation and prior work relationships with customers. We then utilize this action plan as a guide for future marketing activities and to set target turnover and contribution margins.
Supply and Procurement
Our purchasing organization ensures that our customers have access to a competitive range of high-quality products. Consistent with our objective of providing our customers with competitive prices, we seek to continuously decrease our total cost of materials while increasing our competitiveness with new suppliers, new purchasing channels and new products or solutions. To that end, we have standardized our procurement processes and continually leverage economies of scale to ensure competitive pricing.
In addition, we are not dependent on any single supplier. In 2012, we had approximately 15,000 direct and indirect suppliers providing a range of products, including direct materials, such as piping, electrical and HVAC materials, and indirect materials such as vehicle financing. For the year ended December 31, 2012, we estimate that our top ten suppliers accounted for 32% of our total supply costs, while our top 250 suppliers accounted for approximately 80% of our total supply costs.
Human Resources and Personnel
Employees
As of March 31, 2013 we had 7,868 employees located throughout Sweden, Norway and Denmark. The average number of employees for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was 8,139, 7,955 and 7,834, respectively. Our employees are divided between group, divisional, regional and branch level, with the vast majority being employed at branch level. We also employed over 6,000 installers and technicians (including electricians, plumbers, fitters and engineers) as of December 31, 2012. When a particular project requires skills outside our technical fields, we employed subcontractors.
Recruitment and Development
