As of March 31, 2013 we had 7,868 employees located throughout Sweden, Norway and Denmark. The average number of employees for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was 8,139, 7,955 and 7,834, respectively. Our employees are divided between group, divisional, regional and branch level, with the vast majority being employed at branch level. We also employed over 6,000 installers and technicians (including electricians, plumbers, fitters and engineers) as of December 31, 2012. When a particular project requires skills outside our technical fields, we employed subcontractors.
The building services industry in Scandinavia has demonstrated a trend towards growth in the long term and technological advances will require more highly skilled employees. In particular, project managers will need stronger technical and commercial expertise. In addition, our decentralized management structure requires us to ensure a high level of competence among our employees. As a result, we seek to attract younger employees with high levels of education. We have expanded our activities at universities in order to attract more engineers to the group, in particular by offering competitive compensation levels in each local market, and aim to recruit staff internally by offering opportunities for further career development.
In addition, we have implemented a central leadership development program in order to identify and train current and future managers. The program is carried out by management in collaboration with our local branches, which are encouraged to draw up succession plans as well as to identify and coach new managers. Since 2007, over half of our managers have initiated or completed the course, which runs over 18 months and culminates in the award of an internal diploma. In addition, in 2010 we established the Bravida School, which offers specialist training courses in areas such as project management, the group's common ERP system and occupational health and safety. In 2011 more than 1,100 employees took part in the courses.
We also have implemented simple but effective incentive schemes focused on profitability improvement, to create local ownership and increase our attractiveness as an employer. For example, branch managers can earn discretionary compensation related to profits and based on certain profitability thresholds, after social costs and benefits are deducted.
Labor Relations and Pension Issues
Our employees are covered by either a defined contribution pension plan or a benefit pension plan. For more information, see "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Industry--We may be required to make further contributions to our pension schemes if the value of pension fund assets is not sufficient to cover potential obligations."
We are bound by various collective bargaining agreements in each of the countries in which we operate. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good.
Facilities and Leases
In addition to our headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden, we have five operating divisions divided geographically into 26 regions, with each division comprised of between four and six regions. Each region has a number of locations that may be comprised of one or more branches, each specializing in one field of technology. We maintained approximately 200 branches as of March 31, 2013, the largest of which accounted for less than 3% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012.
