Facilities and Leases
Our group management is located at our headquarters in Stockholm and activities performed at this level include overhead and support functions such as purchasing, process development, information technology, communications, human resources and performance management, legal affairs, and accounting and finance. With respect to our five operating divisions,
93
activities performed are primarily overhead functions such as financial control, legal, competence centers, national negotiations and staff functions, and coordinating and following up on strategies and goals set at the group management level.
In addition to our head office in Stockholm, Sweden, our facilities comprise primarily branch offices for local operations. We lease approximately 150 premises in Sweden, Norway and Denmark as well as parking and garage spaces. Leasing costs related to these premises and spaces amounted to SEK148 million and represented approximately 1.3% of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012. Our leasing costs for the year ended December 31, 2012 represented SEK148 million for office rent and SEK191.3 million for other costs and expenses such as vehicles, office equipment, information technology and other equipment. We believe that our properties are generally adequate for our present needs and that suitable additional or replacement space will be available when needed.
Health and Safety
Our operations are subject to various health and safety laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate that require us to comply with various security measures and to implement discrete policies.
In the last three years, we have experienced one serious work-related accident that resulted in the death of an employee. In 2011, we introduced a target of zero workplace accidents in our operations.
We have adopted a uniform work environment policy at the group level, which is complemented by a electrical safety policy. The primary aim of these policies is to ensure that employees have the right competence and experience to carry out their assignments, that a good work environment, with a minimum of incidents, is maintained and that electrical work is performed by designated professionals and fulfill the requirements on electrical safety.
