In the last three years, we have experienced one serious work-related accident that resulted in the death of an employee. In 2011, we introduced a target of zero workplace accidents in our operations.
Information Technology
Our information technology operations and network services are mainly outsourced to external providers through outsourcing agreements. We have one provider for basic information technology services, such as server monitoring and maintenance, whereas our wide area network and internet communication are outsourced to a separate provider. Our information technology systems are primarily based around the common ERP system, Agresso, which, together with our feeding systems, is a complete business system that maintains all of our commercial processes, including time registry, procurement, invoicing, billing, accounting, financial monitoring and reporting. Agresso allows for detailed cost allocation during the appraisal phase of projects and is highly adaptable, making it possible to integrate a medium-sized branch--newly established or recently acquired--within less than three months.
Employees are able to enter their online workplace from any location and easily access different registers containing data such as client information and history, experience from previous assignments, key ratios for tender proposals and resource availability. The information technology environment is designed to be easily adaptable to meet the needs of different organizational structures and operations, and the common technology platform is scalable and modular. It consists of basic modules for operations control, quality assurance, mandatory regulations and central functions.
We have security measures in place regarding the personal data of our employees and customers, which take into account relevant employment laws and personal data legislation in Sweden, Norway and Denmark. We do not transfer personal data outside the EEA without observing legal obligations applicable to such transfers.
Insurance
Our group-wide insurance coverage includes policies for risks associated with our business, including general liability, contract and property, directors' and officers' liability, as well as automobile, buildings and contents and workers' compensation policies. Our key insurance underwriters include Moderna Försäkringar AB and Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. We believe that our insurance coverage is consistent with industry standards.
Litigation
We provide a complex range of services to a large number of customers. As such, in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various administrative, legal and/or regulatory proceedings. On the basis of current information, we do not expect that the actual claims, lawsuits and other proceedings to which we are subject, or potential claims, lawsuits and other proceedings relating to matters of which we are aware, will ultimately have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. We note, however, that the outcome of legal proceedings is extremely difficult to predict with certainty, and we offer no assurance in this regard. The most significant actual or potential claims, lawsuits and other proceedings of which we are currently aware are described below.
