Litigation
Thule Air Base Litigation (Denmark)
Our subsidiary, Bravida Danmark A/S ("Bravida Danmark"), was a member of the Danish Construction Company ("DCC"), which is a consortium of five construction companies. DCC is party to a claim brought before the U.S. Department of Labor, Office of Administrative Law Judges in New York City under the Defense Base Act by four former employees of DCC. A former member of the DCC consortium, E.Pihl & Søn AS, is defending the claim on behalf of DCC. The case concerns an
94
American bomber aircraft that crashed near the Thule air base in Greenland in January 1968, the construction site where the plaintiffs were working at the time of the accident. The aircraft was carrying nuclear weapons at the time of the accident and the plaintiffs have alleged that they suffered severe illness as a result of exposure to radioactive discharge resulting from the accident. Two of the four former employees are deceased from cancer and are represented by their families.
Between 1985 and 1990, the accident resulted in a number of legal proceedings in the United States and Denmark. In the United States these cases were dismissed and in Denmark the Danish government paid compensation of DKK50,000 to each of the employees at the air base. The plaintiffs have not yet quantified their claim and, as a result, we are not presently able to determine the magnitude and extent of the claim. If the DCC were to be held liable and ordered to pay damages, there is at present no agreement on how the damages will be distributed among the former members of the consortium. We are in discussion with DCC regarding the potential allocation of any liability that may result from this case. We believe that we may be able to claim partial indemnification from Semco Maritime A/S that was part of the Bravida Danmark's group prior to its demerger in 1990 should we be held jointly or severally liable.
Danmarks Radio Claim (Denmark)
Between 2004 and 2008, Bravida Danmark was engaged to perform certain installation works at the headquarters of the Danish Broadcasting Corporation (Danmarks Radio). Bravida Danmark had been commissioned to install the indoor climate system at the headquarters of Danmarks Radio in accordance with specifications from third-party architects and consultants independently engaged by Danmarks Radio. Following the completion of the construction of the headquarters in 2008, Danmarks Radio alleged that they had experienced certain problems with the indoor climate at their headquarters due to, what they alleged were, faults related to the design and installation of the indoor climate system and components.
In 2009, Danmarks Radio initiated preliminary proceedings with the Danish Board of Arbitration for Building and Construction (Voldgiftsnævnet for Bygge og Anlægsvirksomhed) ("Board of Arbitration") to have experts appointed to determine and opine on the facts of the matter. In October 2010, Bravida Danmark and certain other parties involved in the construction of the headquarters received notice that Danmarks Radio had allegedly incurred costs in the amount of DKK60.1 million (not including value-added tax) as a result of faults with the indoor climate system and components and that Danmarks Radio intended to assert a claim against Bravida Danmark and certain other third parties for indemnification. In October 2012, Danmarks Radio submitted a complaint to the Board of Arbitration against Bravida Danmark and Danmarks Radio's project management liability insurer claiming damages in the amount of DKK30 million. Danmarks Radio later withdrew its complaint conditioned upon Bravida Danmark consenting to waive the applicable statutory limitation period until the end of 2013. The experts appointed by the Board of Arbitration provided their first opinion in the summer of 2012 following which Danmarks Radio requested a supplementary opinion from them. Based on the findings of the panel of experts, Danmarks Radio may initiate proceedings with the Board of Arbitration. At present, however, no writ of summons or complaint has been filed with the Board of Arbitration by Danmarks Radio. We believe that costs incurred by Danmarks Radio are attributable to the design of the indoor climate system and not to any defect in Bravida Danmark's performance of its obligations under the contract with Danmarks Radio and as such have not made any reservation for this claim in our financial statements.
