Between 2004 and 2008, Bravida Danmark was engaged to perform certain installation works at the headquarters of the Danish Broadcasting Corporation (Danmarks Radio). Bravida Danmark had been commissioned to install the indoor climate system at the headquarters of Danmarks Radio in accordance with specifications from third-party architects and consultants independently engaged by Danmarks Radio. Following the completion of the construction of the headquarters in 2008, Danmarks Radio alleged that they had experienced certain problems with the indoor climate at their headquarters due to, what they alleged were, faults related to the design and installation of the indoor climate system and components.
NCC Construction Claim (Norway)
In 2012, we were engaged as a subcontractor by NCC Construction ("NCC"), to provide electronic installation services in connection with the construction of the Comfort Hotel Grand Central (Østbanehotellet) in Oslo, Norway, with the original proposed completion date of April 30, 2012. Subsequently, proposed project modifications made it difficult for us to meet the April 30, 2012 completion deadline. After notifying NCC of the likelihood of a delay, NCC formally requested us to accelerate our construction work, causing us to incur additional costs in the amount of NOK7.7 million (not including VAT), of which we have received only NOK1.5 million till date. We currently hold a claim against NCC in an aggregate amount of NOK6.6 million (not including value-added tax). We have made a provision of NOK4.0 million to cover a loss in the event that we are not successful in receiving a full settlement of our claim.
Sevan Marine­AS Nymo Claim (Norway)
Between 2010 and 2012, we were engaged as a subcontractor to AS Nymo to perform electrical, instrument, telecommunications and pipe maintenance works on the "Sevan Voyageur," a floating production storage and offloading unit operated by Sevan Marine in the offshore oil and gas industry. Our payment from AS Nymo under the subcontracting arrangement was dependent on AS Nymo's receipt of payment from Sevan Marine. Currently, we have an outstanding receivable owing from AS Nymo of approximately NOK27.7 million (not including value-added tax), NOK22.1 million of which we have accounted for as revenue. AS Nymo has commenced proceedings against Sevan Marine on account of amounts owed, including amounts owed to us as subcontractor. We have made a provision in the amount of NOK10.0 million to cover a loss in the event that we are not successful in obtaining a full settlement of our claim.
95
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, MANAGEMENT AND AUDITOR
Board of the Issuer
The Issuer is a public limited liability company organized under the laws of Sweden and is indirectly controlled by investment funds advised by Bain Capital.
