46 Non-executive director and Chairman of the board 36 Non-executive director 49 Non-executive director 57 Non-executive director 42 Non-executive director 54 Non-executive director 63 Employee representative 40 Employee representative 48 Employee representative 56 Employee representative 55 Employee representative, deputy 57 Employee representative, deputy 48 Employee representative, deputy
Ivano Sessa has been a director of the Issuer since May 2012. Mr. Sessa joined Bain Capital in 2004. Prior to joining Bain Capital, Mr. Sessa was a consultant with Bain & Company in New York, Atlanta and Milan, where he provided strategic and operational advice to private equity, industrial and financial services clients. Mr. Sessa also serves on the board of directors of TeamSystem S.r.l. and IMCD. Mr. Sessa received a BS magna cum laude in business administration from Bocconi University in Milan. He also spent one semester at the Richard Ivey Business School in Canada in 1997.
Marc M. Valentiny has been a director of the Issuer since May 2013. Mr. Valentiny joined Bain Capital in 2003 and is a managing director of the firm. Prior to joining Bain Capital, Mr. Valentiny was managing director of Rexel UK and Northern Europe. Previously he was vice president strategy and planning of the Pinault-Printemps-Redoute group, the controlling shareholder of Rexel. Prior to that, he was senior manager at McKinsey & Company, worked for Braxton Associates, and served as an officer in the French Air Force. Mr. Valentiny also serves on the board of directors of FCI and Edcon Holdings. Mr. Valentiny received a master's degree in business administration from Harvard Business School and a master's degree in civil engineering from ENPC. He is also a graduate of Ecole Polytechnique in France.
Michel Plantevin has been a director of the Issuer since May 2013. Mr. Plantevin joined Bain Capital in 2003 and is a managing director of the firm. Before joining Bain Capital, Mr. Plantevin was a managing director of Goldman Sachs International in London, initially in the investment banking division, then in the merchant banking division (PIA). Prior to that, he was a consultant with Bain & Company in London and later headed the Bain & Company Paris office as a managing director. Mr. Plantevin is also on the board of directors for Maisons du Monde, NXP Semiconductors, IMCD, FCI S.A. and Trinseo (formerly Styron). Mr. Plantevin received a master's degree in business administration from Harvard Business School and an undergraduate and master's degree in engineering from the Ecole Supérieure d' Electricité (Supélec) in France.
Jay Corrigan has been a director of the Issuer since May 2013. Mr. Corrigan joined Bain Capital in 1996 and is the chief financial officer for private equity. Prior to joining Bain Capital, Mr. Corrigan spent three years at Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Corrigan received a bachelor's degree in accounting from Fordham University and is a certified public accountant.
96
Jan Johansson has been a director of the Issuer since December 2013. Mr. Johansson is also currently serving on the board of directors of Fastighets AB ML 4, Fastighets AB Centur and Centuria AB. Previously, Mr. Johansson was CEO at PEAB. Mr. Johansson holds a Master of Engineering from Lund University.
Jan-Erik Arvidsson has been an employee representative at the board of the Issuer since December 2013. Mr. Arvidsson is representing Elektrikerförbundet i Sverige.
Kai-Otto Helmersen has been an employee representative at the board of the Issuer since December 2013.
