47 Chief Procurement Officer
Magnus Liljefors chief legal officer of the group since 2005. Since 2005, Mr. Liljefors has also been a member of the boards of the Issuer, Bravida Sverige AB, Bravida Norge AS and Bravida Danmark A/S, and secretary to the board of Bravida AB. Mr. Liljefors is also currently on the board of directors of AB Rosenmasen. Mr. Liljefors holds a master's degree in law from Uppsala University as well as from the University of Amsterdam.
Peter Hedlin has been the interim chief financial officer since 2013. Previously, Mr. Hedlin has served, inter alia, as chief financial officer of Imtech and Executive VP Strategic Business Control of Maxit Group (then part of the Heidelberg Cement group). Mr. Hedlin holds a bachelor of science (economics) from Uppsala University and Lund University.
Petter Håkanson has been the chief information officer and chief communications officer since 2005, and chief business development officer since 2010. Previously, Mr. Håkanson has served as the chief information officer, chief financial officer and information technology manager of Scandiaconsult AB, chief information officer and deputy chief financial officer of Fastighets AB Näckebro AB and a director of Exacon Holding AB. Mr. Håkanson is also currently serving on the board of directors of Inhouse Tech Infra Goteborg AB. Mr. Håkanson holds a master's of science degree in economics and business administration from the Stockholm School of Economics.
Filip Bjurström is a director of Bravida Sverige AB, having served as head of the Stockholm division since 2009. Previously, Mr. Bjurström was a regional manager at NCC Boende AB and NCC Construction Sverige AB and a business manager at NCC Construction Sverige AB. Mr. Bjurström is also currently serving on the board of directors of Aktiebolaget Svensk Byggtjänst, Erfator Projektledning AB, Bravida Sakerhet AB, C2M Sprinkler AB and Rorspecialisten Stockholm AB. Mr. Bjurström holds a master's of science degree in civil engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm and a degree in business administration from Uppsala University.
97
Mikael Lidström has been the head of the Stockholm­North division since February 2013. Previously, Mr. Lidstrom was a regional manager of Veidekke Sverige AB. Mr. Lidstrom is also currently on the board of directors of ES Intressenter AB and PQR International AB. Mr. Lidstrom holds a diploma in mechanical engineering from Tyresö Gymnasium.
Anders Ahlquist has been the head of the South division since 2013, having been a marketing manager of the Stockholm­South division from 2008 to 2013. Mr. Ahlquist is also currently on the board of directors of Bravida Prenad AB. Mr. Ahlquist holds an engineering degree from the Technical College of Frölunda Gymnasiet.
Mattias Johansson is a director of Bravida Norge AS and has served as head of the Norway division since 2013. Mr. Johansson holds a master's degree in science and engineering from Lund University.
