Anders Ahlquist has been the head of the South division since 2013, having been a marketing manager of the Stockholm­South division from 2008 to 2013. Mr. Ahlquist is also currently on the board of directors of Bravida Prenad AB. Mr. Ahlquist holds an engineering degree from the Technical College of Frölunda Gymnasiet.
Bent Andersen joined us in 2003, and is a director of Bravida Danmark A/S, having been the head of the Denmark division since 2006. Previously, Mr. Andersen was regional manager for Fyn and Jylland at Bravida Denmark, manager at ABB A/S, division manager at ABB Service A/S and technical manager at ABB Service A/S. Mr. Andreson is also currently on the board of directors of Danloft A/S and Tekniq. Mr. Andersen holds a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Odense Teknikum and an executive master of business administration degree from Handelshøjskolen Arhus and Syddansk Universitet.
Lars Korduner has been the chief procurement officer since 2005. Mr. Korduner is also currently serving on the board of directors of Resultatfabriken AB. Mr. Korduner holds a bachelor's degree in business administration (accounting and finance) from the Institute of Business Administration in Stockholm, and has also completed an executive management education program at the Institute of Business Administration (Stockholm Business School). Executive Compensation
We currently maintain an executive compensation program in order to: · recruit and retain key leaders; · link compensation to an executive's individual performance and our financial performance; and · align the executives' compensation opportunities with our short-term and long-term financial objectives.
In furtherance of these objectives, we have designed an executive compensation package that includes (i) fixed compensation in the form of base salary and benefits and (ii) variable compensation based on the executive's performance and our financial performance, in the form of annual cash bonus awards and, in some cases, equity incentive awards. Conflicts of Interest
As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no material conflicts of interest between each Issuer board member's private interests and their legal duties in respect of the Issuer. Auditors
The historical consolidated financial statements of Bravida AB as of and for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012, incorporated through reference into this Prospectus, have been audited by KPMG AB with Per Gustafsson as the auditor in charge.
The historical consolidated financial statements of Bravida AB as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2012 and of the Issuer as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and the nine months ended September 30, 2013, incorporated through reference into this Prospectus, have been reviewed by KPMG AB with Per Gustafsson as the auditor in charge.
Per Gustafsson is an authorised public accountant and a member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.
