The historical consolidated financial statements of Bravida AB as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2012 and of the Issuer as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and the nine months ended September 30, 2013, incorporated through reference into this Prospectus, have been reviewed by KPMG AB with Per Gustafsson as the auditor in charge.
98
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDER Investment funds advised by Bain Capital controls approximately 98.0% of the outstanding share capital of Bravissima (BC) Luxco S.C.A. ("Luxco"), which indirectly holds all the outstanding equity interests of the Issuer. Members of our management indirectly control approximately 2.0% of the outstanding share capital of share capital of Luxco. The management team's equity interest in Luxco are held through AB Rosenmåsen, a private limited liability company organized under the laws of Sweden that acts as an aggregator vehicle for the management equity interests ("Manageco"). The Bain Capital funds, Manageco, each of the managers and Luxco are party to a subscription and security holders' agreement dated July 31, 2012 (the "Shareholders' Agreement"), which regulates the governance and equity interests of the group. Shareholders' Agreement The Shareholders' Agreement contains customary provisions restricting the direct or indirect transfer of equity interests by the managers other than in connection with a transfer of equity interests by Bain Capital or, with respect to "Tier-2" managers only, between themselves. The managers are entitled to customary pro rata tag-along rights in the event of a sale of securities by the Bain Capital funds, provided that if the Bain Capital funds are selling control of the group, the managers can elect to sell all of their securities. There are customary leaver provisions in place, whereby the Bain Capital funds or their designee can purchase the equity interest of any manager who ceases to be employed by the group. The Bain Capital funds has customary drag-along rights on any sale of control of the group. As majority shareholder, the Bain Capital funds control the size and appointments to the boards of directors of the group companies. In addition, there is a customary list of restricted matters set forth in the Shareholders' Agreement, and each manager agrees to exercise all powers to ensure that none of the group companies takes such restricted actions without the prior consent of the board of the manager of Luxco. The Shareholders' Agreement gives management the right to appoint two persons to the board of the manager of Luxco, and to each of the Swedish holding companies within the group.
99
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
As part of our business, we have entered into several transactions with related parties, including our principal shareholders. The following is a summary of our most significant transactions with related parties as of the date hereof.
Consulting Services Agreement and Transaction Services Agreements
On July 31, 2012, Bain Capital entered into a consulting services agreement with us (the "Consulting Services Agreement"), pursuant to which Bain Capital provides us with management and consulting services and financial and other advisory services. The Consultancy Services Agreement provides that in consideration for such services we shall pay an annual aggregate fee to Bain Capital of SEK10 million plus reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. The Consulting Services Agreement is for an initial term of one year and shall automatically extend thereafter on a year-to-year basis unless Bain Capital provides written notice to terminate at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the initial term or any extension thereof.
On July 31, 2012, we entered into a transaction services agreement (the "Transaction Services Agreement") with Bain Capital, pursuant to which we received certain advice and services related to transaction-specific functions in connection with the acquisition by the Bain Capital funds in 2012 of our group, including, among others, assistance in the negotiation with the vendors of sale and purchase and other terms and conditions of the Acquisition Transactions and advice and assistance relating to the raising of finance by our group. Pursuant to the Transaction Services Agreement, we paid Bain Capital a fee of approximately SEK62 million on July 31, 2012.
