On July 31, 2012, Bain Capital entered into a consulting services agreement with us (the "Consulting Services Agreement"), pursuant to which Bain Capital provides us with management and consulting services and financial and other advisory services. The Consultancy Services Agreement provides that in consideration for such services we shall pay an annual aggregate fee to Bain Capital of SEK10 million plus reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. The Consulting Services Agreement is for an initial term of one year and shall automatically extend thereafter on a year-to-year basis unless Bain Capital provides written notice to terminate at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the initial term or any extension thereof.
Shareholder Loan Agreements
Luxco and the Parent are parties to two shareholder loan agreements (together, the "First Shareholder Loan Agreements"), pursuant to which Luxco has agreed to lend an aggregate principal amount of SEK2,500 million to the Parent on an unsecured basis (the "First Shareholder Loans"). Interest accrues on the unpaid principal amount of the loans at the rate of 10.125% per annum. As of March 31, 2013, the total accrued interest on the First Shareholder Loans was SEK66 million. The First Shareholder Loans are repayable on the date falling 20 years after the date of the First Shareholder Loan Agreements. The First Shareholder Loan Agreements contain customary events of default, including, among others, failure to pay any principal or interest when due (subject to a three business day grace period) and the insolvency of the borrower.
The Parent subscribed for convertible equity certificates issued by the Issuer in an aggregate principal amount of SEK2,500 million. Prior to the Issue Date, the Parent transferred all equity certificates issued by the Issuer to Goldcup 8768 AB and Goldcup 8768 AB paid for these equity certificates by issuing equity certificates to the Parent on the same terms as the equity certificates transferred to it by the Parent. At the same time, Goldcup 8768 AB converted the equity certificates issued by the Issuer into ordinary shares by way of unconditional shareholder contribution.
The Issuer has subscribed for convertible equity certificates issued by Bravida Installation och Service AB (formerly Bravissima Acquisitions AB) in the aggregate principal amount of SEK2,370 million, a portion of which was repaid in 2012. The equity certificates bear interest at a fixed rate of 10.125%, which will accrue and be carried forward and treated as part of the principal for purposes of calculating interest due in succeeding periods. The terms of the equity certificates entitled the holder(s) to elect to convert such equity certificates into ordinary shares by dividing the par value of the equity certificates by a fixed conversion price. The equity certificates will mature in 2062, but may be redeemed earlier at the election of the board of Bravida Installation och Service AB, subject to certain restrictions set forth in the terms thereof. The terms of the equity certificates require holders who wish to transfer their equity certificates to also transfer a pro rata number of ordinary shares in Bravida Installation och Service AB. The equity certificates rank prior to the ordinary shares, but will be subordinated to all other existing and future indebtedness.
The Issuer and Bravida Installation och Service AB are parties to a shareholder loan agreement (the "Second Shareholder Loan Agreement"), pursuant to which the Issuer agreed to lend a principal amount of SEK2,600 million to Bravida Installation och Service AB on July 31, 2012 on an unsecured basis (the "Second Shareholder Loan"). Interest accrues on the unpaid principal amount of the loan at the rate of 10.125% per annum. The Second Shareholder Loan is repayable on the date falling 20 years after the date of the Second Shareholder Loan Agreement. The Second Shareholder Loan Agreement contains customary events of default, including, among others, the failure to pay any principal or interest when due (subject to a three business day grace period) and the insolvency of the borrower.
100
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS
Revolving Credit Facility
