DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS
Overview and Structure
In connection with the Issue, the Issuer and the Guarantors entered into the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, dated on the Issue Date, with Handelsbanken Capital Markets, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Nordea Bank (publ) (together the "Arrangers"), Handelsbanken Capital Markets, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) as Agent, and the financial institutions named therein as original lenders.
The Revolving Credit Facility Agreement provides for borrowings up to an aggregate principal amount of SEK550 million on a committed basis. The Revolving Credit Facility may be utilized by any current or future borrower under the Revolving Credit Facility in Swedish kronor, Norwegian kroner, euro, Danish kroner and U.S. dollars and any other currency approved by the lenders by the drawing of cash advances, the issuance of bank guarantees and letters of credit and by way of ancillary facilities. Subject to certain exceptions, amounts may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed at any time. Borrowings will be available for general corporate and working capital purposes of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, for financing or refinancing, capital expenditure, acquisitions and investments (including any purchase price adjustments or earn out payments, the refinancing of indebtedness of the relevant entity or business acquired pursuant to such acquisitions and investments and paying all related transaction or restructuring fees, costs and expenses) and the operational restructurings and reorganization requirements of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including related fees, costs and expenses).
In addition, the Issuer may elect to request, subject to certain terms and conditions, additional facilities either as a new facility or as additional tranches of the Revolving Credit Facility (the "Additional Facility Commitments") up to an aggregate principal amount of SEK360 million on a committed basis. The Issuer may agree to certain terms in relation to the Additional Facility Commitments, including the termination date (subject to parameters as set forth in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement) and the availability period.
Availability
The Revolving Credit Facility may, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions precedent, be utilized from the Issue Date until the date falling one month prior to the termination date of the Revolving Credit Facility.
Borrowers and Guarantors
The Issuer is an original borrower under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility is guaranteed by the Issuer and the Guarantors. A mechanism is included in the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement to enable any of the Issuer's Restricted Subsidiaries to accede as a borrower under the Revolving Credit Facility subject to certain conditions.
