We operate our installation and services businesses in three principal fields of technology: electrical; heating and plumbing; and HVAC.
· Heating and plumbing. Our heating and plumbing installation and services solutions include waterborne heating, cooling, sanitation and sprinkler systems. This field of technology accounted for 27% of our total net sales on a Recalculation Basis for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013.
· HVAC. Our HVAC installation and services solutions include ventilation systems for air handling, air conditioning and climate control. This field of technology accounted for 16% of our total net sales on a Recalculation Basis for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013.
We also operate our installation and services businesses in a number of specialist areas, such as fire and safety, technology consulting and technical services management. Our other specialty installation and service solutions accounted for 4% of our total net sales on a Recalculation Basis for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013.
Our broad range of installation and services solutions for electrical, heating and plumbing and HVAC enables us to execute projects for a variety of infrastructure and buildings, creating a "one-stop shop" for our customers. Our ability to provide fully integrated, comprehensive installation and services solutions ensures that all elements of the solutions that we deliver to our customers work well together, and we are able to assume responsibility for all stages of our installation and services projects, from inception to completion. We are one of only a small number of service providers in the market able to compete effectively for both large, complex projects and smaller projects, owing to our range of expertise, ability to deliver comprehensive solutions and our long-standing local relationships.
We have built a strong and diversified customer base across Scandinavia of over 50,000 customers, ranging from small and medium-sized enterprises that generate annual revenues of 50 million or less, to large corporations and public entities that typically generate much higher revenues. We serve a wide range of end-markets across Scandinavia, including the construction, real estate, industrial and the public sector end markets. With a workforce of 7,868 employees, consisting of over 6,000 installers spread across Scandinavia, we have the ability to carry out a variety of projects ranging from small-scale, local projects to largescale, complex projects across multiple sites.
Our customers are located in five main geographic divisions: Stockholm; northern Sweden; southern Sweden; Norway; and Denmark. These regions also constitute our reporting segments, consisting of: (i) the Stockholm division; (ii) the Sweden­ North division; (iii) the Sweden­South division; (iv) the Norway division; and (v) the Denmark division.
4
The table below shows the proportion of our net sales and EBITDA, respectively, generated by each of our divisions for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 on a Recalculation Basis.
