Notes Liabilities and the Pari Passu Liabilities.
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
117
DESCRIPTION OF THE SENIOR SECURED NOTES
You will find definitions of certain capitalized terms used in this "Description of the Senior Secured Notes" under the heading "Certain Definitions." For purposes of this "Description of the Senior Secured Notes," references to the "Issuer" "we," "our," and "us" refer only to Bravida Holding AB (publ).
The Issuer has issued, 225 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2019 (the "EUR Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes") and SEK 1,300 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2019 (the "SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes" and, together with the EUR Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, the "Senior Secured Notes"). The Senior Secured Notes were issued under an indenture dated as of June 11, 2013 (the "Senior Secured Indenture"), between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Initial Guarantors (as defined below), Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as trustee (the "Trustee") and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as security agent (in such capacity, the "Security Agent") and paying agent, in a private transaction that is not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Senior Secured Indenture does not incorporate or include terms of, or be subject to, the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
The proceeds of the issue of the Senior Secured Notes sold on the Issue Date have been used by the Issuer to fund the refinancing of its existing credit facilities and to pay costs and expenses incurred in connection with the issue of the Senior Secured Notes and the Refinancing as set forth in this Prospectus under the caption "Use of Proceeds."
The Senior Secured Indenture is unlimited in aggregate principal amount. We may, subject to applicable law, issue an unlimited principal amount of additional Senior Secured Notes having identical terms and conditions as the Senior Secured Notes (the "Additional Senior Secured Notes"); provided, that if the Additional Senior Secured Notes are not fungible with the Senior Secured Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Additional Senior Secured Notes will be issued with a separate ISIN code or common code, as applicable, from the Senior Secured Notes. We will only be permitted to issue Additional Senior Secured Notes in compliance with the covenants contained in the Senior Secured Indenture, including the covenants restricting the Incurrence of Indebtedness and the Incurrence of Liens (as described below under "--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Indebtedness" and "--Certain Covenants--Limitation on Liens"). Except as otherwise provided for in the Senior Secured Indenture, the Senior Secured Notes issued in the Issue and, if issued, any Additional Senior Secured Notes will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Senior Secured Indenture, including, without limitation, with respect to waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this "Description of the Senior Secured Notes," references to the "Senior Secured Notes" include the Senior Secured Notes and any Additional Senior Secured Notes that are actually issued.
The Senior Secured Indenture is subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Intercreditor Agreements (as defined below). The terms of the Intercreditor Agreement are important to understanding the terms and ranking of the Liens on the Collateral. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements--Intercreditor Agreement" for a description of the material terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
