Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the holders of the Senior Secured Notes will receive proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral only after certain super senior priority obligations, including (i) obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility (or any Refinancing Indebtedness of the Revolving Credit Facility that is entitled to rank senior to the Senior Secured Notes with respect to the proceeds of an enforcement of the Collateral) and (ii) certain Hedging Obligations have been repaid in full.
The Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed by the Initial Guarantors. In addition, if required by the covenant described under "--Certain Covenants--Additional Guarantees," certain other Restricted Subsidiaries may provide a Notes Guarantee in the future.
The Notes Guarantee of each Guarantor:
 is a general senior obligation of that Guarantor, secured as set forth under "--Security";
 ranks pari passu in right of payment with any existing and future Indebtedness of that Guarantor that is not subordinated in right of payment to such Notes Guarantee (including Indebtedness Incurred under the Revolving Credit Facility);
 ranks senior in right of payment to any existing and future Indebtedness of such Guarantor that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to such Notes Guarantee; and
 is effectively subordinated to any existing or future Indebtedness or obligation of such Guarantor that is secured by property and assets that do not secure such Notes Guarantee, to the extent of the value of the property and assets securing such Indebtedness.
The obligations of a Guarantor under its Notes Guarantee will be limited as necessary to prevent the relevant Notes Guarantee from constituting a fraudulent conveyance or unlawful financial assistance under applicable law, or otherwise to reflect limitations under applicable law. By virtue of these limitations, a Guarantor's obligation under its Notes Guarantee could be significantly less than amounts payable with respect to the Senior Secured Notes, or a Guarantor may have effectively no obligation under its Notes Guarantee. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to our Structure--The Note Guarantees and security interests on the Collateral will be subject to certain limitations on enforcement and may be limited by applicable laws or subject to certain defenses that may limit their validity and enforceability."
As of the Issue Date, all of our Subsidiaries were "Restricted Subsidiaries" for purposes of the Senior Secured Indenture. However, under the circumstances described below under "--Certain Definitions--Unrestricted Subsidiary," we are permitted to designate certain of our Subsidiaries as "Unrestricted Subsidiaries." Our Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the Senior Secured Indenture and will not guarantee the Senior Secured Notes.
