Interest
Interest on the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes will accrue at a rate per annum (the "Applicable Rate"), reset quarterly, equal to the sum of (i) three-month STIBOR plus (ii) 5.375%, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Interest on the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes:
 accrues from the Issue Date or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid;
 is payable in cash quarterly in arrears on September 15, December 15, March 15 and June 15, commencing on September 15, 2013;
 is payable to the holder of record of such SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes on the September 1, December 1, March 1 and June 1 immediately preceding the related interest payment date; and
 is computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed.
Set forth below is a summary of certain of the provisions from the Senior Secured Indenture relating to the calculation of interest on the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes.
"Determination Date" with respect to an Interest Period, means the day that is two Stockholm Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period.
"STIBOR" with respect to an Interest Period, means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in SEK for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date that appears on Reuters Page Side as of 11:00 a.m. Stockholm time, on the Determination Date. If Reuters Page Side does not include such a rate or is unavailable on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will request the principal Stockholm office of each of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, as selected by the Calculation Agent, to provide such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on such Determination Date, to prime banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market for deposits in a Representative Amount in SEK for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in Stockholm, as selected by the Calculation Agent, to provide such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, on such Determination Date, for loans in a Representative Amount in SEK to leading European banks for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET Settlement Days after the Determination Date. If fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Agent Bank will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid) of the rates quoted by major banks in Stockholm, selected by the Agent Bank, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in SEK to leading European banks for three months and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time.
