The rights of Holders to receive the payments of interest on such Senior Secured Notes are subject to applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream. If the due date for any payment in respect of any Senior Secured Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay.
Principal, interest and premium and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Global Notes (as defined below) are payable at the specified office or agency of one or more Paying Agents by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Paying Agent for onward payment to Euroclear and Clearstream.
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Senior Secured Notes
The Issuer maintains one or more Paying Agents for the Senior Secured Notes in the City of London (including the Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer also undertakes to maintain a Paying Agent in a European Union member state that is not obligated to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 regarding the taxation of savings income (the "Directive"), or any law implementing or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive. The initial Paying Agent is Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (the "Principal Paying Agent").
The Issuer also maintains a registrar (the "Registrar") in Luxembourg, and a transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent") in Luxembourg. The initial Registrar is Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. and the initial Transfer Agent is Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. The Registrar and Transfer Agent maintain a register reflecting ownership of the Senior Secured Notes outstanding from time to time, if any, and make payments on and facilitate transfers of the Senior Secured Notes on behalf of the Issuer.
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar in respect of the Senior Secured Notes.
Notes Guarantees
General
The obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Senior Secured Notes, including any payment obligation resulting from a Change of Control, are guaranteed, jointly and severally on a senior basis, by the Guarantors (each such guarantee, a "Notes Guarantee").
