· as a result of a transaction permitted by "--Certain Covenants--Merger and Consolidation--The Guarantors."
Restricted Subsidiaries and Unrestricted Subsidiaries
Immediately after the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes, all the Issuer's Subsidiaries became Restricted Subsidiaries. However, in the circumstances described below under "--Certain Definitions--Unrestricted Subsidiary," the Issuer is permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the Senior Secured Indenture.
Security
General
The Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Secured Indenture, together with obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and certain Hedging Obligations, are secured by security interests granted on an equal and ratable first-priority basis over all of the shares of the Guarantors and certain material subsidiaries of Bravida Sverige AB, together with security over certain material real estate, downstream intra-group loans, bank accounts of the Issuer and Bravida Installation och Service AB not connected to the Group's cash pooling arrangements, certain Swedish business mortgage certificates and certain Norwegian floating charges (the "Collateral").
Subject to certain conditions, including compliance with the covenants described under "--Certain Covenants-- Impairment of Security Interest" and "--Certain Covenants--Limitations on Liens," the Issuer is permitted to grant security over the Collateral in connection with future issuances of Indebtedness or Indebtedness of the Restricted Subsidiaries, including Additional Senior Secured Notes, as permitted under the Senior Secured Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement.
The Collateral is pledged pursuant to the Security Documents to the Security Agent on behalf of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes and holders of the other secured obligations that are secured by the Collateral. Any other security interests that may in the future be granted to secure obligations under the Senior Secured Notes, any Notes Guarantees and the Senior Secured Indenture would also constitute "Collateral." All Collateral will be subject to any Permitted Collateral Liens.
The Liens on the Collateral are limited as necessary to recognize certain limitations arising under or imposed by local law and defenses generally available to providers of Collateral (including those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance, corporate purpose or benefit, capital maintenance or similar laws, regulations or defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally) or other considerations under applicable law.
