The Collateral is pledged pursuant to the Security Documents to the Security Agent on behalf of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes and holders of the other secured obligations that are secured by the Collateral. Any other security interests that may in the future be granted to secure obligations under the Senior Secured Notes, any Notes Guarantees and the Senior Secured Indenture would also constitute "Collateral." All Collateral will be subject to any Permitted Collateral Liens.
The proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations owed to the holders of the Senior Secured Notes. No appraisals of the Collateral have been made in connection with the Issue of the Senior Secured Notes. By its nature, some or all of the Collateral will be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. Accordingly, the Collateral may not be able to be sold in a short period of time, or at all. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes-- The value of the Collateral securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Notes, and there may be limitations on your ability to foreclose on the Collateral."
123
Priority
The relative priority with regard to the security interests in the Collateral that are created by the Security Documents (the "Security Interests" and each, a "Security Interest") as between (a) the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, (b) the counterparties under certain Hedging Obligations and (c) the Trustee, the Security Agent and the Holders of the Senior Secured Notes under the Senior Secured Indenture, respectively, is established by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Secured Indenture, the Security Documents and the security documents relating to the Revolving Credit Facility and such Hedging Obligations, which provide, among other things, that the obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility, certain Hedging Obligations and the Senior Secured Notes are secured equally and ratably by a first-priority Security Interests; however, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the holders of Senior Secured Notes will only receive proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral after certain super senior priority obligations including (i) obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) certain Hedging Obligations have been paid in full. See "Description of Certain Financing Arrangements-- Intercreditor Agreement." In addition, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreements or Additional Intercreditor Agreements entered into after the Issue Date, the Collateral may be pledged to secure other Indebtedness. See "--Release of Liens," "--Certain Covenants--Impairment of Security Interest" and "--Certain Definitions--Permitted Collateral Liens."
Security Documents
Under the Security Documents, the Issuer and the Guarantors have granted security over the Collateral to secure the payment when due of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' payment obligations under the Notes, the Notes Guarantees and the Senior Secured Notes Indenture. The Security Documents have been entered into by the relevant security provider and the Security Agent as agent for the secured parties. When entering into the Security Documents, the Security Agent acted in its own name, but for the benefit of the secured parties (including itself, the Trustee and the holders of Senior Secured Notes from time to time). Under the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent also acts as an agent of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the counterparties under certain Hedging Obligations in relation to the Security Interests created in favor of such parties.
The Senior Secured Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement provide that, to the extent permitted by the applicable laws, only the Security Agent has the right to enforce the Security Documents on behalf of the Senior Secured Notes Trustee and the holders of the Senior Secured Notes. As a consequence of such contractual provisions, holders of the Senior Secured Notes are not entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes, except through the Trustee under the Senior Secured Indenture, who will (subject to the provisions of the Senior Secured Indenture) provide instructions to the Security Agent for the Collateral.
The Senior Secured Indenture provides that, subject to the terms thereof and of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Secured Indenture, as applicable, will be secured by Security Interests in the Collateral until all obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Secured Indenture have been discharged. However, the Security Interests with respect to the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Secured Indenture may be released under certain circumstances as provided under "--Release of Liens."
