(5)
cancellation all Definitive Registered Notes accepted for purchase by the Issuer.
If any Definitive Registered Notes have been issued, the Principal Paying Agent will promptly mail to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes so tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Senior Secured Notes, and the Trustee (or an authenticating agent) will, at the cost of the Issuer, promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder of Definitive Registered Notes a new Definitive Registered Note equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Senior Secured Notes surrendered, if any; provided that each such new Senior Secured Note will be in a principal amount that is at least 100,000 or SEK 1,000,000 (as applicable) and integral multiples of 1,000 or SEK 10,000 in excess thereof (as applicable).
Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Senior Secured Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the Holders to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Senior Secured Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction. Holders' right to require the Issuer to repurchase Senior Secured Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control may deter a third party from seeking to acquire the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Senior Secured Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Senior Secured Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
130
The Issuer will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Senior Secured Notes pursuant to this covenant. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of the Senior Secured Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions of the Senior Secured Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
The Issuer's ability to repurchase Senior Secured Notes issued by it pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The occurrence of certain of the events that constitute a Change of Control would require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, certain events that may constitute a change of control under the Revolving Credit Facility and require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under such agreement may not constitute a Change of Control under the Senior Secured Indenture. Future Indebtedness of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the Holders of their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the Holders upon a repurchase may be limited by the Issuer's then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes--We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indenture."
The definition of "Change of Control" includes a disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to specified other Persons. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase "substantially all," there is no precise established definition of the phrase "substantially all" under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of "all or substantially all" of the assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control has occurred and whether a Holder may require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes as described above.
