The Issuer's ability to repurchase Senior Secured Notes issued by it pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The occurrence of certain of the events that constitute a Change of Control would require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, certain events that may constitute a change of control under the Revolving Credit Facility and require a mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness under such agreement may not constitute a Change of Control under the Senior Secured Indenture. Future Indebtedness of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the Holders of their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes could cause a default under, or require a repurchase of, such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the Issuer's ability to pay cash to the Holders upon a repurchase may be limited by the Issuer's then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. See "Risk Factors--Risks Related to the Notes--We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance an offer to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control as required by the Indenture."
The provisions of the Senior Secured Indenture relating to the Issuer's obligation to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes as a result of a Change of Control may be waived or modified with the written consent of Holders of a majority in outstanding principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes.
Certain Covenants
Limitation on Indebtedness
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to Incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness); provided, however, that the Issuer may Incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) if, after giving pro forma effect to the Incurrence of such Indebtedness (including pro forma application of the proceeds thereof), (1) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries would have been at least 2.0 to 1.0; and, (2) to the extent that the Indebtedness is Senior Secured Indebtedness, on the date of such Incurrence the Consolidated Senior Secured Leverage ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries would have been no greater than 5.0 to 1.0.
The first paragraph of this covenant will not prohibit the Incurrence of the following Indebtedness ("Permitted Debt"):
(1)
Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to any Credit Facility (including in respect of letters of credit or bankers'
acceptances issued or created thereunder), and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and
