Satisfaction and Discharge
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Shareholders
No director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer, Issuer or any Guarantor under the Senior Secured Notes Documents or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Senior Secured Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Senior Secured Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy.
Concerning the Trustee and Certain Agents
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited is appointed as Trustee under the Senior Secured Indenture. The Senior Secured Indenture provides that, except during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee will perform only such duties as are set forth specifically in the Senior Secured Indenture. During the existence of an Event of Default, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it under the Senior Secured Indenture and use the same degree of care that a prudent Person would use in conducting its own affairs. The permissive rights of the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action enumerated in the Senior Secured Indenture will not be construed as an obligation or duty.
The Senior Secured Indenture imposes certain limitations on the rights of the Trustee, should it become a creditor of the Issuer, to obtain payment of claims in certain cases, or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The Trustee or any Agent will be permitted to engage in other transactions with the Issuer and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries. If the Trustee or any Agent becomes the Holder, beneficial owner or pledgee of any Notes, it may deal with the Issuer with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent or any other such Agent.
The Senior Secured Indenture sets out the terms under which the Trustee may retire or be removed, and replaced. Such terms will include, among others, (1) that the Trustee may be removed at any time by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes, or may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Issuer and (2) that if the Trustee at any time (a) has or acquires a conflict of interest that is not eliminated, or (b) becomes incapable of acting as Trustee or becomes insolvent or bankrupt, then the Issuer may remove the Trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder for not less than six months may petition any court for removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee.
Any removal or resignation of the Trustee shall not become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee.
156
