installation and service projects. Our broad offering also gives us the opportunity to cross-sell our installation and services businesses and our different fields of technology to our customers.
We operate in Sweden, Norway and Denmark, which have historically exhibited greater stability and resilience compared to other European nations. Between 2010 and 2012, for example, these countries experienced a real average GDP growth rate exceeding 2.0% per year, compared with the European Union which experienced a real average GDP growth rate of 1.1% per year. Scandinavian economies also benefit from relatively robust public finances and lower levels of sovereign indebtedness than most developed countries. In 2011, Sweden, Norway and Denmark had an average sovereign debt to GDP ratio of 4.0% (surplus) to 4.4% (deficit) across the European Union. We have historically generated significant net sales from public sector projects (22% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012 were attributable to public sector projects), and have benefitted from the strong and resilient economic performance of the Scandinavian countries.
In addition to relatively stable macroeconomic conditions in Scandinavia compared to other European nations, we have also benefitted from certain growth drivers in the construction market. Installation costs as a percentage of total construction costs have increased in Scandinavia. We believe this is the result of increasingly stringent energy efficiency regulations in Scandinavia and a growing demand for technically sound and sophisticated building services providers who are able to deliver complex installation solutions to customers. This increased complexity of installation projects has led to a growing need for service providers who are able to provide comprehensive installation solutions that can be adapted to the particular needs of the customer. We also have a distinct advantage in being able to partner with major construction companies in our markets to tender jointly, often on a cost-plus basis, for larger projects. We believe that our strong historical relationships with key construction companies in Scandinavia, such as NCC, Skanska and PEAB, have positioned us well to capitalize on this advantage in the future. Various market segments within the broader construction market in Scandinavia have also demonstrated resilience during the recent periods of economic uncertainty. For example, the Scandinavian Building Services Market in which we operate grew at a rate of 4.5% per annum on average between 2006 and 2011. We benefit from a strong presence in the renovation and maintenance market in Scandinavia, which represents approximately 59% of the Scandinavian Construction Market and has remained resilient through the recent economic downturns and the decline in demand in Scandinavia's new construction market of approximately 22% between 2008 and 2012.
Diversified Operations with a Large Share of Recurring Revenues
We believe that our diversified operations, including our broad customer base, various end-markets, wide-ranging service offering, extensive local networks, focus on maintenance services and small average order sizes, provide us with recurring and relatively predictable revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2012, our top ten customers represented 20% of our total net sales, and our largest customer represented 6% of our total net sales. Our customers' businesses range from construction, the public sectors and industrial sectors to private real estate, which has helped us to withstand adverse conditions in any single customer industry. Our customer base spans Sweden, Norway and Denmark and, as a result, our exposure to the effects of macroeconomic volatility experienced in any single country is reduced. Our broad range of installation and service solutions in the electrical, heating and plumbing and HVAC fields also protects us against a decline in demand in any one of these fields. We believe that such diversification reduces volatility in our results, limits our exposure to any single industry, country or field, and provides us with the flexibility to respond promptly to changing trends and customer requirements.
We also benefit from a portfolio made up of a large number of small contracts. For the year ended December 31, 2012, for example, 75% of our projects individually generated less than SEK10 million in revenues and 44% of our projects generated less than SEK1 million in revenues. A significant portion of our revenues are attributable to renovation and maintenance projects, which have historically exhibited resilient and stable growth, and consequently more-predictable revenues compared to our revenues from new construction. For the year ended December 31, 2012, 45% of our total net sales from our installation business was generated from renovation and maintenance projects with the remaining 55% generated by new construction. With a strong presence in both the installation and services markets, we are able to cross-sell our offering in each of these business areas to customers. Moreover, our expertise in the electrical, heating and plumbing, and HVAC fields has enabled us to sell multiple addon services to customers who initially approached us for our services in only one field. We prioritize maintenance services contracts with our customers, the demand for which we have found to be relatively inelastic.
Proven Ability to Sustain Profitable Operations Owing to High Revenue Visibility, a Variable Cost Structure and Effective Operational Structure
We have historically demonstrated our ability to maintain stability in our EBITDA performance and EBITDA margins, including during times of macroeconomic volatility. Our ability to sustain profitable operations is underpinned in large part by our strong order book and high incidence of repeat business, which together provide high revenue visibility. As of December 31, 2012, our order backlog was SEK4,809 million, which represented 82% of our installation net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012, and as of March 31, 2013, our order backlog was SEK4,914 million, which included net sales likely to occur beyond 2013 and represented 85% of our installation net sales for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013. We also benefit from a high rate of repeat business. For example, customers who did business with us in 2011 represented over 90% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012. In addition, the majority of our net sales from our services business is attributable to recurring service agreements which typically have terms of between one and three years, offering consistent and predictable revenue
6
