Notes sold in connection with the Issue are represented by one or more global notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (collectively, the "Global Notes"). The Global Notes are deposited with, or on behalf of, the common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream and registered in the name of the nominee of the Common Depositary.
Book-Entry Interests are shown on, and transfers thereof are done only through, records maintained in book-entry form by Euroclear and Clearstream and their respective participants. The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive certificated form. The foregoing limitations may impair your ability to own, transfer or pledge Book-Entry Interests. In addition, while the Notes are in global form, holders of Book-Entry Interests are not considered the owners or "holders" of Notes for any purpose.
So long as the Notes are held in global form, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (or their respective nominees), as applicable, are considered the sole holders of Global Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. In addition, participants in Euroclear and/or Clearstream must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, and indirect participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream and the participants through which they own Book-Entry Interests, to transfer their interests or to exercise any rights of holders under the Indenture.
Neither we nor the Trustee nor any of our or its respective agents and neither the Registrar nor the Transfer Agent have any responsibility or be liable for any aspect of the records relating to the Book-Entry Interests.
Redemption of the Global Notes
In the event any Global Note (or any portion thereof) is redeemed, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (or their respective nominees), as applicable, will redeem an equal amount of the Book-Entry Interests in such Global Note from the amount received by it in respect of the redemption of such Global Note. The Common Depositary will surrender such Global Note to the Registrar for cancellation or, in the case of a partial redemption, the Common Depositary will request the Registrar or the Paying Agent to mark down, endorse and return the applicable Global Note to reflect the reduction in the principal amount of such Global Note as a result of such partial redemption. The redemption price payable in connection with the redemption of such Book-Entry Interests will be equal to the amount received by Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, in connection with the redemption of such Global Note (or any portion thereof). If less than all of any series of Notes is to be redeemed at any time, the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar will select Notes for redemption on a pro rata basis (or, in the case of Notes issued in global form as discussed under "Book-Entry, Delivery and Form," based on a method that most nearly approximates a pro rata selection as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar deems fair and appropriate), unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or depository requirements.
Payments on Global Notes
We make payments of any amounts owing in respect of the Global Notes (including principal, premium, if any, interest and additional interest, if any) to the Paying Agent, who makes payments as directed by the Common Depositary to Euroclear and Clearstream, which distribute such payments to participants in accordance with their customary procedures. We make payments of all such amounts without deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, except as may be required by law and as described under "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Withholding Taxes." If any such deduction or withholding is required to be made, then, to the extent described under "Description of the Senior Secured Notes--Withholding Taxes," we pay additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by any holder of the Global Notes or owner of Book-Entry Interests after such deduction or withholding equal the net amounts that such holder or owner would have otherwise received in respect of such Global Note or Book-Entry Interest, as the case may be, absent such withholding or deduction. We expect that standing customer instructions and customary practices govern payments by participants to owners of Book-Entry Interests held through such participants.
Under the terms of the Indenture, we, the agents and the Trustee treat the registered holders of the Global Notes (i.e., the nominee for the Common Depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream) as the owners thereof for the purpose of receiving payments and for all other purposes. Consequently, neither we, the agents, the Trustee, nor any of our or its respective agents has or will have any responsibility or liability for:
