Except as may otherwise be agreed between Euroclear and/or Clearstream and any holder, the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, and all other amounts payable in respect of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes are paid to holders of interests in such Notes through Euroclear and/or Clearstream in Swedish kronor.
Action by Owners of Book-Entry Interests
Euroclear and Clearstream have advised us that they will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Notes only at the direction of one or more participants to whose account the Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of Notes as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. Euroclear and Clearstream will not exercise any discretion in the granting of consents, waivers or the taking of any other action in respect of the Global Notes. However, if there is an event of default under the Notes, each of Euroclear and Clearstream reserves the right to exchange the Global Notes for definitive registered Notes in certificated form (the "Definitive Registered Notes"), and to distribute such Definitive Registered Notes to its participants.
Transfers
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will be subject to the applicable rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and their respective direct or indirect participants, which rules and procedures may change from time to time. Further, the Notes and the Note Guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transfer and may only be offered or sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. See "Important information."
Following the Issue Date, we intend to make an application to also list the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. Application has also been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market thereof and trading has commenced on October 22, 2013. Accordingly, the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes will be listed both on the Irish Stock Exchange and on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm, subject to acceptance of the application to list the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm for which there can be no assurance. Transfers of interests in the Global Notes between participants in Euroclear and Clearstream will be effected in the ordinary way in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures, which rules and operating procedures may change from time to time.
Although Euroclear and Clearstream currently follow the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Notes between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or modified at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agent or any of our or their respective agents will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear or Clearstream or their respective participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.
Global Clearance and Settlement Under the Book-Entry System
Secondary Market Trading
