Global Clearance and Settlement Under the Book-Entry System
The Book-Entry Interests trade through participants of Euroclear or Clearstream and settle in same-day funds. Since the purchase determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any Book-Entry Interests where both the purchaser's and the seller's accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
Special Timing Considerations
You should be aware that investors are only able to make and receive deliveries, payments and other communications involving Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream on days when those systems are open for business.
185
Clearing Information The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of Euroclear and Clearstream. The international
securities identification numbers, common codes and CUSIP numbers for the Notes are set forth under "Listing and General Information--Clearing Information." Information Concerning Euroclear and Clearstream
The following description of the operations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream are provided solely as a matter of convenience. These operations and procedures are solely within the control of the respective settlement systems and are subject to change by them. Neither we nor the Initial Purchasers take any responsibility for these operations and procedures and we urge investors to contact the systems or their participants directly to discuss these matters.
We understand as follows with respect to Euroclear and Clearstream: Euroclear and Clearstream hold securities for participating organizations. They also facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective participants through electronic book-entry changes in the accounts of such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services to their participants, including the safekeeping, administration, clearance, settlement, lending and borrowing of internationally traded securities. Euroclear and Clearstream also interface with domestic securities markets in several countries. Euroclear and Clearstream participants are financial institutions such as underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Euroclear or Clearstream is also available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear or Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly. Euroclear and Clearstream have no record of or relationship with persons holding through their account holders. Since Euroclear and Clearstream only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of an owner of a beneficial interest to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear or Clearstream systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be limited by the lack of a definite certificate for that interest. We understand that, under existing industry practices, if either the Issuer or the Trustee requests any action by owners of Book-Entry Interests or if an owner of a Book-Entry Interest desires to give or take any action that a holder is entitled to give or take under the Indenture, Euroclear and Clearstream would authorize participants owning the relevant Book-Entry Interest to give or take such action, and such participants would authorize indirect participants to give or take such action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of such indirect participants.
