The following description of the operations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream are provided solely as a matter of convenience. These operations and procedures are solely within the control of the respective settlement systems and are subject to change by them. Neither we nor the Initial Purchasers take any responsibility for these operations and procedures and we urge investors to contact the systems or their participants directly to discuss these matters.
186
CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS IN SWEDEN
Swedish Taxation
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes that are considered to be Swedish residents for Swedish tax purposes (if not otherwise stated) and to payments by a Guarantor under the Note Guarantees in respect of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes. The summary is based on Swedish legislation currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does thus not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes and is neither intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. For instance, the summary does not cover tax issues for holders of EUR Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes or tax issues in cases where SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes are held as current assets in business operations or by a partnership. Furthermore, the summary does not address situations where SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes are held in an investment savings account (investeringssparkonto) or the special rules that may be applicable to private individuals who make or reverse a so-called investor deduction (investeraravdrag). The tax consequences for investors depend in part on their particular circumstances. Specific tax rules apply to certain categories of investors, e.g., life insurance companies. Investors should consult professional tax advisors regarding tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes in their particular circumstances.
Holders Resident in Sweden
General
The disposal (including redemption) of a SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Note is subject to capital gains taxation. The capital gain or the capital loss is computed as the difference between the consideration (less selling expenses) and the tax acquisition value of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Note.
When computing the capital gain or the capital loss, the acquisition value for all SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes of the same class and type shall be added together and computed collectively in accordance with the "average method"(genomsnittsmetoden).
