The disposal (including redemption) of a SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Note is subject to capital gains taxation. The capital gain or the capital loss is computed as the difference between the consideration (less selling expenses) and the tax acquisition value of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Note.
Private Individuals
All capital income such as interest and capital gains on the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes is taxed in the capital income category for private individuals and estates of deceased persons. The tax rate is 30%. A capital loss on the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes is deductible at 70% in the same income category, provided the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes are deemed not to be listed for Swedish tax purposes.
Should a net loss arise in the capital income category a reduction is granted on the tax on income from employment and business operations, as well as national and municipal property tax. This tax reduction is granted with 30% of the net loss that does not exceed SEK100,000 and with 21% of any remaining net loss. An excess net loss cannot be carried forward to future years.
If amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in Sweden, including a Swedish branch, to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased person) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes are also normally withheld on other returns on the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes (but not capital gains), if the return is paid out together with interest, as referred to above.
Limited Liability Companies
For limited liability companies (aktiebolag), all income, including interest and capital gains on SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, is taxed as income from business operations at a rate of 22% (for financial years commencing from January 1, 2013). Deductible capital losses on the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes may normally be fully off-set in the income from business operations category.
Interest income is generally treated for tax purposes in accordance with the accounting treatment.
Non-resident Investors
