Interest income is generally treated for tax purposes in accordance with the accounting treatment.
Under current Swedish tax law, payment of interest and the repayment of principal by the Issuer under the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes will be made free of withholding or deduction for or on account of Swedish tax.
Non-resident investors are not taxable in Sweden in respect of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes as long as the investor does not have a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes are effectively connected.
187
Payments by a Guarantor For payments by a Guarantor under a Note Guarantee considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes (and other
returns on SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes) to holders of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, see "--Holders Resident in Sweden" regarding the tax treatment of holders of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes.
For payments by a Guarantor under a Note Guarantee considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to holders of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, see "--Non-resident Investors" regarding the tax treatment of holders of the SEK Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes. EU Savings Directive
Under EC Council Directive 2003/48/EC of June 3, 2003 on the taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments (the "EU Savings Directive"), a Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest (or similar income) paid by a paying agent within the jurisdiction of the first Member State to an individual resident, or certain entities established, in that other Member State. However, for a transitional period, Luxembourg and Austria are instead required (unless during that period they elect otherwise) to operate a withholding system in relation to such payments. The ending of such transitional period is dependent on the conclusion of certain other agreements relating to information exchange with certain other countries. A number of non-EU countries and territories have adopted similar measures.
The European Commission has proposed certain amendments to the EU Savings Directive, which may, if implemented, amend or broaden the scope of the requirements described above.
