We have a strong track record of organic growth, which is complemented by growth through acquisitions. We believe that our leading market positions give us an advantage in pursuing attractive acquisition opportunities, because providers of building services who may be contemplating selling their businesses are more likely to contact us rather than, or prior to, our smaller or lesser-known competitors. The Scandinavian Building Services Market is a highly fragmented market with more than 33,000 operators. We have market share of approximately 6% in Sweden, 3% in Norway and 3% in Denmark. The Scandinavian Building Services Market is composed of a large number of small companies, although approximately 89% of operators in the market had fewer than ten full-time employees on their payroll in 2010, which we believe presents attractive consolidation opportunities to complement our current offering. We believe we are well positioned to take advantage of this increasing consolidation in a fragmented market to grow our market share and presence. We have a strong track record of growth through acquisitions, having completed and integrated more than 28 acquisitions since 2007. We operate an organizational structure that encourages regional and local managers to identify and pursue accretive bolt-on acquisitions that lead to operational synergies, while maintaining group-level oversight over larger acquisitions. We follow a disciplined acquisition strategy focused on the retention of key personnel and the expansion of our geographic footprint and our technical capabilities, with a focus on attractively priced businesses that offer significant opportunities for margin improvements. We work to systematically improve our target companies' performance by aligning their operations with our business model, minimizing non-core activities, increasing shares of recurring business, expanding customer bases and rationalizing low-profit, high-risk projects. We have also sought to improve the profitability and cash flow of the companies we acquire by realizing synergies, particularly in purchasing and rationalizing their cost structure and support functions such as human resources, procurement and administration, as well as improving their working capital management.
Our senior management team is led by our chief executive officer Staffan Påhlsson, who has extensive experience in managing installation and services businesses, integrating acquired companies and rationalizing operational costs. Mr. Påhlsson has been with us for more than 30 years in various capacities, having begun as an electrical installer in our organization. Our senior management also includes a strong team of executive officers, including heads of our geographic divisions, who on average have over 20 years of industry experience. We believe that the incentives of our management are aligned with our long-term
7
goals, with over 125 key employees holding an equity stake in our group. We also benefit from the extensive market expertise, business relationships and ongoing strong support of our shareholder, Bain Capital.
Our Strategy
Continue to Grow Our Leading Market Positions by Focusing on Our Local Operations and Investing in Our Employees
We aim to be the largest or second-largest operator in at least one of our fields of technology in each of the localities in which we do business. We believe that we are well positioned to grow our leading market positions throughout Scandinavia and strong local market positions by continuing to provide high-quality services and support to our customers and employees, and by focusing on our local operations. We intend to continue to operate a large, decentralized organization, with local branch units operating as individual profit centers. Maintaining a well-established, local presence throughout Scandinavia also provides our customers with a large number of local access points. We intend to continue to leverage our strong customer relationships and local market knowledge to meet our customers' needs promptly and efficiently, in order to establish ourselves as the provider of choice in the markets in which we operate.
Our employees are key to maintaining and growing our leading-market positions. We also intend to utilize our reputation, brand awareness and scale to continue to recruit and retain the best talent in the industry and to position us as the employer of choice. We intend to improve the performance of our managers and technicians by continuing to develop professional and technical training programs and by assigning our engineers and technicians to a wide range of fields. We also intend to continue to incentivize our managers and technicians by maintaining a performance-based compensation structure.
Continue to Improve Profitability Through Operational Excellence and Economies of Scale
