"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentaiy.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document including the Pre-Issue Security, the Pre-Utilisation Security, the Delivery Security and the Additional Security (if any).
"Senior Credit Facility" means the first priority credit facility dated 15 November 2011 enter into between, inter alia, the Issuer and DVB Bank America N.V. as agent, that will, inter alia, part finance the delivery installment of the Vessel, amounting to USD 400,000,000.
"Share Pledges" means the second priority pledges or charges over all the shares and/or participation in the Issuer and each of the Guarantors.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
