(v) first priority pledges over Intercompany Loans between the Issuer and any of the Guarantors (the "Assignment offntercompany Loans").
Without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, prior to disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds to the Issuer in accordance with Clause 6 {Conditions fo r disbursement), (i) the Temporary Bonds shall be secured by the Bond Escrow Account Pledge and (ii) the other Bonds shall be secured by the Escrow Account Pledge.
(b) The Transaction Security shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document.
2.7 Com m itted Facility The Committed Facility shall be made available to the Issuer from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date. The commitment to provide the Subordinated Loans pursuant to the Committed Facility shall be cancelled and terminated on the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date on which the second Scheduled Instalment lias been fully paid or (ii.) the second consecutive Reporting Date where the Issuer on a consolidated basis reports an Adjusted Leverage Ratio of less than 5.5x. The Issuer undertakes that, the Committed Facility shall only be applied for payment of interest and Scheduled instalments, as set out herein.
3. THE BONDHOLDERS 3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.
(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.
3.2 Limitation of rights of action (a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.
(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
