(c) Liquidity
The Issuer undertakes to comply with tire above Financial Covenants at all tiroes, such compliance to be measured on each Reporting Date and certified by the Issuer by the delivery o f a compliance certificate, setting out such compliance in reasonable detail (a "Compliance Certificate"), with each Annua] Financial Statement or Interim Account.
Compliance with the requirements set out In paragraph (a) above, from when such compliance shall be measured, shall be calculated on a 12 months rolling basis for any Relevant Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date falling 18 months after the Issue Date, and shall be certified by tire Issuer by delivery o f a Compliance Certificate as set out in Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), measured with respect to the then preceding Relevant Period, and such Compliance Certificate also to certify compliance with paragraphs (b) and (c) above with reference in each case to the latest preceding Reporting Date.
All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group.
13.17.2 Financial Covenants Cure
If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with the Interest Coverage Ratio at any time and the Issuer receives or has received any Cure Amount during the period from the first day of the Relevant Period up to the date of delivery to the Bond Trustee of the Compliance Certificate in respect of such period, then the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be recalculated on
33(53)
the basis that the Cure Amount so received shali be deemed to increase EBITDA for the Relevant Period to which the breach relates. If, after the Interest Coverage Ratio is recalculated as set out above, the breach has been prevented or cured, the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be deemed to have been satisfied on the date of the relevant Reporting Date. The amount of any Cure Amount shall not be taken into account in any calculation or other circumstances than those explicitly referred to in the Bond Terms. Any Cure Amount applied in the recalculation as set out above, shall not be re-applied for any future calculations. The Cure Amount shall not be less than:
(i) USD 20,000,000 as long as the Interest Coverage Ratio shall exceed 1.50x; (ii) USD 15,000,000 as long as the Interest Coverage Ratio shall exceed 1.75x; and (iii) USD 10,000,000 as long as the Interest Coverage Ratio shall exceed 2.00x. Tile Issuer shall not be allowed to utilise any available amount under the Committed Facility as Cure Amount if such available amount is or will be, as a result of the utilisation, less than USD 35,000,000. The Issuer shall not be permitted to use the Financial Covenants Cure more than three (3) times during the lifetime of the Bonds, and limited to maximum two (2) times consecutively. 13.17.3 Incurrence Test Tire Incurrence Test is met if: (a) the Leverage Ratio is not greater than 4.00x; and (b) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds 2.50x. The calculation of the Leverage Ratio shall be made on a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than the date of the most recent Financial Report prior to the. event relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test (the "Testing Date*'). For the purpose of calculation of the Leverage Ratio, Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the Testing Date and be adjusted to take into account the amount of any Distribution in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied. The calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shad be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report.
