participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(k) The Bond Trustee wilt ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
15.3 Voting rales (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may east one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). In matters relating to Temporary Bonds, each holder of Temporary Bonds may cast one vote for each Temporary Bond owned at the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds or Temporary Bonds (as the case may be),
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting shall determine, any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 {Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond or a Temporary Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 {Bondholders ' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds or Temporary Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds or Temporary Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds or Temporary Bonds (as the case may be).
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will have the deciding vote.
40 (S3)
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
