We, INTEGRADORA DE SERVICIOS PETROLEROS ORO NEGRO, S.A.P.I. DE C.V., a company incorporated in Mexico with registration number 413253-1 (hereinafter referred to as the "Parent"), refer to that certain bond agreement dated 24 January 2014 as amended and restated in its entirety on April 29, 2016 (the "Restatement," and the bond agreement, as so amended and restated, the "Bond Agreement") between (i) ORO NEGRO DRILLING PTE. LTD., a company incorporated in Singapore with company no. 201225610H, as issuer (the "Issuer") and (ii) NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with company no. 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee") on behalf of the Bondholders (as defined therein) in the bond issue "7.50% Oro Negro Drilling Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019" (the "Bond Issue"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given such terms in the Bond Agreement, and such definitions are hereby specifically incorporated herein and made a part hereof. We acknowledge receipt of a copy of the executed Bond Agreement.
1. The Parent represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that, as of the date of this Parent's Undertaking, as of the date of the Restatement, as of the date of execution of any Qualified Receivables Financing by any Parent Group Company and as of the date of effectiveness of the Shareholder Settlement Agreement (as defined below):
(a) Status It is a promoting investment corporation with variable capital (sociedad
anonima promotora de inversion de capital variable) duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted. (b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken or will take all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of any Finance Documents and any Qualified Receivables Financing to which it (or any other Parent Group Company) is or will be a party, and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents and the Qualified Receivables Financing. (c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
The Finance Documents and any Qualified Receivables Financing to which it (or any other Parent Group Company) is a party constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it. (d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by the Parent and any other Parent Group Company of their respective obligations under the Finance Documents and any Qualified Receivables Financing to which the Parent and any other Parent Group Company is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not conflict with (i) any applicable law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) their respective constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument that is binding on them.
3
(e) No Event of Default
