(x) it shall comply with, and shall procure that each Parent Group Company complies with, the terms of any Settlement Agreement, and any breach of the Parent's or any Parent Group Company's obligations under any such agreement shall constitute a default hereunder; and
11
3. Upon satisfaction of the indebtedness of the Issuer to the Bond Trustee and Bondholders under the Bond Agreement and the Finance Documents, our obligations hereunder shall automatically terminate.
4. By its execution of the Consent and Agreement below, the Issuer acknowledges, consents and agrees to the foregoing.
5. This Parent's Undertaking is a Finance Document for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
6. This Parent's Undertaking and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Parent's Undertaking shall be governed by Norwegian law.
7. Subject to the provisions of Clause 8 below, all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Parent's Undertaking, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
8. Clause 7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from initiating or joining legal proceedings in the courts of any other jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may initiate or join concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
9. The Parent has appointed a process agent in Norway, for the Purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Parent's Undertaking, through an irrevocable general power of attorney for collections and lawsuits, specifically mentioning such appointment, duly granted, notarized and apostilled (as applicable) and has undertaken such other corporate actions as may be necessary under applicable Mexican law to appoint such process agent. The Parent agrees that failure by the process agent to notify the Parent of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned.
