"Amortization Buyback Percentage" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.1.3(a).
"Amortization Buyback Period" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.1.4(a).
"Annual Budget" means, in the case of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016, the budget attached hereto as Attachment 1, and for each fiscal year thereafter, a budget provided to the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 13.2.1(l) setting forth Consolidated Capital Expenditures and all other expenses of the Issuer and each Rig Owner, projected on a quarterly basis, for such fiscal year.
"Assignments of Bareboat Charter" means the assignments of all rights of each Rig Owner under any Bareboat Charter, including all earnings payable and security provided by the Charterer for the performance of its obligations thereunder, and each Rig Owner shall give notice to and obtain consent and acknowledgement from the Charterer in respect of each such assignment.
"Assignments of Collection Rights" means, in the case of a Mexican Drilling Contract, subject to any assignment of collection rights in connection with a Qualified Receivables Financing, the assignment to the Fiduciary Bank of all collection rights of the Charterer under such Mexican Drilling Contract and the Charterer shall obtain an Authorisation in respect of each such assignment.
"Assignments of Drilling Contract" means the assignment of all rights of any Charterer under any Drilling Contract (to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of the relevant Drilling Contract), including all earnings payable and security granted by the Client thereunder, and such Charterer shall give notice to and seek to obtain consent and acknowledgement from the Clients in respect of such assignment. In the case of Mexican Drilling Contracts, the Assignment of Drilling Contract shall be structured by way of an Assignment of Collection Rights.
"Assignments of Insurances" means the assignment of each Rig Owner's rights under any Insurances related to each Rig, other than any third party liability insurance and each Rig Owner shall give notice to and obtain consent and acknowledgement from the relevant underwriters / insurers in respect of such assignment.
"Assignments of Intercompany Loans" means the pledge or assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) of any counterparty's rights under any Intercompany Loans (present and future), and the counterparty thereto shall give notice to and obtain consent (if required) and acknowledgement from the relevant debtors in respect of such assignment.
"Assignment of Internal Loans" means the pledge or assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) of the Issuer's rights under any Internal Loans (present and future), and the Issuer shall give notice to and obtain consent (if required) and acknowledgement from the relevant debtors in respect of such assignment.
