in the case of an Event of Default, 100% (one hundred per cent) of the Outstanding Bonds, or (B) if such Mandatory Prepayment Event relates to 1 (one) or more, but not all, Rigs, 20% (twenty per cent) of the Outstanding Bonds pro rata for each Rig, in each case, at a price corresponding to the Call Option price at that time (the "Mandatory Redemption Amount").
10.6.3 Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events simultaneously, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay 1 (one) redemption amount. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the simultaneous occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event and a Total Loss Event, the relevant redemption amount shall be the lower of the Mandatory Redemption Amount and the Total Loss Event Redemption Amount.
10.6.4 If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.6, (i) the entire amount standing to the credit of the Issuer Earnings Account, the Rig Owner Earnings Accounts, the Issuer Dry Dock Reserve Account and the Issuer Debt Service Account, (ii) damages payments under any Construction Contract, (iii) other amounts received under the Project Documents, or (iv) any insurance proceeds, may be applied towards repayment of the Bonds.
10.6.5 The Bond Trustee shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any mandatory redemption according to this Clause 10.6, at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory redemption. On the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the applicable Mandatory Redemption Amount or Total Loss Event Redemption Amount of such Bond.
10.6.6 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
11. Payments
11.1 Covenant to pay
11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay or cause to be paid to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
