"Business" means (i) the activities directly related to the ownership, operation and management of the Rigs; and (ii) compliance with this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No adjustments of Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means if, at any time after the date of this Bond Agreement, after giving effect to the Shareholder Settlement Agreements referenced in Clause 6.1.1(m) and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0% (fifty per cent) of the outstanding shares of the Parent, save for any direct or indirect shareholders of the Parent existing as at Amendment Date.
"Charterer" means (i) in relation to any Rig operating in the Gulf of Mexico, Perforadora Oro Negro, or (ii) in relation to any Rig operating outside the Gulf of Mexico, such other company as shall be approved by the Bond Trustee (such approval
8/96
not to be unreasonably withheld), provided always that such company shall be a directly or indirectly 100% (one hundred per cent) owned Subsidiary of the Parent.
"Charterer Share Charge" means the share charge granted by the Parent and Operadora Oro Negro, S. de R.L. de C.V. over 100% (one hundred per cent) of the shares in the Charterer, together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default for which the Bond Trustee has issued a notice) (if legally possible) from all current members of the board of directors of the Charterer as well as an undertaking by the Charterer that it shall obtain a letter of resignation from each individual that becomes a member of its board of directors in connection with such individual becoming a director.
"Charterer's Undertaking" means a letter of undertaking to be issued by the Charterer and counter-signed by the Issuer, pursuant to which the Charterer shall give certain undertakings in favour of the Bond Trustee, in the form appended hereto as Attachment 2.
