at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
If a decision is to be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
The Trustee shall procure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and, if applicable, the Exchange, are notified of decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way o f a Written Procedure, and that the decisions are published on the website of the Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform), provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Trustee.
BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). The notice convening the Bondholders' Meeting shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the notice is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the notice is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The notice shall also be published on the website of the Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
The notice pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be a Bondholder in order to exercise Bondholders' rights at the Bondholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Trustee, or if Clause 19.4 applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in Oslo, Norway). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Trustee. If the Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
30(42)
