The Trustee shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 22.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 14.4 {Publication o f Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE
Appointment of the Trustee
By subscribing for Bonds, and by virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Terms and Conditions and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. Each initial Bondholder appoints the Trustee to act as its trustee in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Trustee to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Trustee to act on its behalf.
Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement and the Trustee's obligations as Trustee under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Trustee may act as trustee or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
32(42)
