11
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or indirectly more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership and control for this purpose means the power to direct the management and the policies of the entity whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise.
"Super Senior Debt" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Super Senior Hedges" means hedging transactions entered into by a Group Company in respect of payments to be made under the Bonds and/or the Super Senior RCF or for hedging exposures (including hedging exposures in relation to fluctuation in currency rates) arising in the ordinary course of business, but not for speculative or investment purposes, to the extent the hedging counterparty has acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Super Senior RCF" means the Original Super Senior RCF (including any fees, underwriting discount premiums and other costs and expenses incurred with such financing) (as amended from time to time) or any other revolving facilities for working capital purposes or general corporate purposes used to replace the Original Super Senior RCF or any refinancing of such debt in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the interpolated SGB rate between the SGB 12 August 2017 (series 1051) and the SGB 12 March 2019 (series 1052) (mid rates), as determined by the Issuing Agent on or about 11.00 am on the date of the notification of redemption. If a quote for any aforementioned SGB rate is unavailable on the relevant date, the Issuing Agent may select a SGB rate it deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably).
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
