(c) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
13
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 600,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100) per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The Issuer may, at one or several occasions after the First Issue Date, issue Subsequent Bonds (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals SEK 900,000,000, always provided that the Incurrence Test (tested pro forma including such issue) is met. Any Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with (i) the Super Senior Debt pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, but will receive proceeds distributable to the Security Agent only after the Super Senior Debt has been repaid in full in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, and (ii) all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
