(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling eighteen (18) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling twentyfour (24) months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest;
(e) any time from and including the first Business Day falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest.
9.5 Equity Claw Back (call option)
(a) Provided that the Bonds have been and remain listed at a Regulated Market, the Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 40.00 per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount (provided that at least 60.00 per cent. of the total Initial Bond Issue remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata ("Equity Claw Back").
21
(b) The Equity Claw Back must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such initial public offering and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
(c) The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in the call option amount for the relevant period set out in in Clause 9.4 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) and, shall for the period from and including the Issue Date to, but excluding, the First Call Date be the price set out in Clause 9.4(b) and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
9.6 Redemption notice
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 9.3, 9.4 and 9.5 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
