(c) The Agent shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
32
necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 15.9, the Issuer shall, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, redeem all Bonds at an amount equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 9.4, as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs.
16. Distribution of Proceeds
All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security or Guarantees shall be distributed in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
17. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
