The consent of the holders is not necessary under the Indenture to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or supplement. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment or supplement. A consent to any amendment, supplement or waiver under the Indenture by any holder of Notes given in connection with a tender of such holder's Notes will not be rendered invalid by such tender. After an amendment or supplement under the Indenture becomes effective, the Company is required to mail to the holders a notice briefly describing such amendment or supplement. However, the failure to give such notice to all the holders, or any defect in the notice will not impair or affect the validity of the amendment or supplement.
The Company at any time may terminate all its obligations under the Notes and the Indenture ("legal defeasance"), except for certain obligations, including those respecting the defeasance trust and obligations to register the transfer or exchange of the Notes, to replace mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and to maintain a registrar and paying agent in respect of the Notes.
105
The Company at any time may terminate its obligations described under "Change of control" and under the covenants described under "Certain covenants" (other than "Merger and consolidation"), the operation of the cross-default upon a payment default and cross acceleration provisions, the bankruptcy provisions with respect to Significant Subsidiaries and the judgment default provision described under "Events of default" above and the limitations contained in clause (3) under "Certain covenants--Merger and consolidation" above ("covenant defeasance").
The Company may exercise its legal defeasance option notwithstanding its prior exercise of its covenant defeasance option. If the Company exercises its legal defeasance option, payment of the Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. If the Company exercises its covenant defeasance option, payment of the Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in clause (4), (5), (6), (7) (with respect only to Subsidiaries), or (8) under "Events of default" above or because of the failure of the Company to comply with clause (3) under "Certain covenants--Merger and consolidation" above.
In order to exercise either defeasance option, the Company must irrevocably deposit in trust (the "defeasance trust") with the Trustee money or Government Obligations for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes to redemption or maturity, as the case may be, and must comply with certain other conditions, including delivery to the Trustee of an Opinion of Counsel (subject to customary exceptions and exclusions) to the effect that holders of the Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to U.S. Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred. In the case of legal defeasance only, such Opinion of Counsel must be based on a ruling of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other change in applicable U.S. Federal income tax law.
No personal liability of directors, officers, employees and stockholders
No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder, as such, of the Company shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes, the Indenture for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the United States federal securities laws and it is the view of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that such a waiver is against public policy.
Concerning the trustee
