No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder, as such, of the Company shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes, the Indenture for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the United States federal securities laws and it is the view of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that such a waiver is against public policy.
Deutsche Bank Trustee Company Limited is the Trustee under the Indenture and has been appointed by the Company as Registrar and Paying Agent with regard to the Notes.
The Trustee may resign at any time by so notifying the Company in writing; provided, however, that the Indenture and the Notes shall remain valid notwithstanding a material conflict of interest of the Trustee. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by so providing not less than 30 days' written notice to the Company and the Trustee or such Agent, as the case may be, in writing and may appoint a successor Trustee or Agent with the Company's consent. A resignation or removal of the Trustee or any
106
Agent and an appointment of a successor Trustee or Agent, as the case may be, shall become effective only upon the successor Trustee's or Agent's acceptance of appointment. The Company may remove the Trustee upon no less than 30 days' written notice if:
(1) the Trustee or Agent, as the case may be, is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee or Agent, as the case may be, under any Bankruptcy Law;
(2) a receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Trustee or Agent, as the case may be, or its respective property; or
(3) the Trustee or Agent, as the case may be, becomes incapable of acting with respect to its duties under the Indenture.
Governing law
