We will pay principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, Notes in global form registered in the name of or held by the Common Depositary or its nominee in immediately available funds to the Common Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder of such global Note.
Claims against the Company for payment of principal shall become void unless presentment for payment is made within a period of ten years from the applicable original date of payment therefor. Claims against the Company for payment of interest shall become void unless presentment for payment is made within a period of five years from the applicable original date of payment therefor.
Transfer and exchange
A holder may transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar and the Trustee may require a holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents. No service charge will be imposed by the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Company may require a holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or other governmental taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Company is not required to transfer or exchange any Note selected for redemption. Also, the Company is not required to transfer or exchange any Note for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed.
The registered holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes.
Make-whole redemption
The Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at any time at the option of the Company upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed plus the Applicable Premium and accrued and unpaid
89
interest, if any, to, but not including, the applicable redemption date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).
