(a) The Issuer shall provide to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):
(ii) evidence that the Net Proceeds will be used to redeem all outstanding Existing Bonds which are not exchanged for new Bonds; and
(iii) to the extent any cash component is required in connection with the exchange of Existing Bonds for new Bonds, evidence that the Issuer has available cash in the required amount.
(b) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out above have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall transfer the funds from the Escrow Account for the purpose of repayment in full of the Existing Bonds (which have not been exchanged against new Bonds) and in accordance with Clause 3 {Use of Proceeds). The Agent shall transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Escrow Account after the repayment of the Existing Bonds, to a bank account specified by the Issuer.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabatken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuidbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the
