"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB, reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze and adjusted for any repayment of such interest bearing debt or incurrence of new interest bearing debt, respectively, during the period starting on the day falling immediately after the last day of the period covered by the latest consolidated Financial Report and ending on the relevant record date.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and Joint Bookrunners for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o fproceeds).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set fort in paragraph (b) of the definition of Financial Indebtedness under this Clause 1.1.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Preference Shares" means preference shares (Sw. preferensaktier) issued by the Issuer from time to time on market terms or better.
"Profit Before Tax" means, for the Relevant Period, the Group's consolidated profit before tax (Sw. resultatföre skatt) according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
"Property Value" means the aggregate fair value of the properties (land and buildings) held by the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, adjusted for any investments in and depreciations of the properties, respectively, during the period starting on the day falling immediately after the last day of the period covered by the latest consolidated Financial Report and ending on the relevant Record Date.
