10.4.2
11. 11.1
repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 11.11.1 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, the De-listing Event or Listing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.11.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.11.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be disposed of in accordance with Clause 10.2 (The Group Companies'purchase o fBonds).
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Bonds pursuant to this Clause 10.4, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure, as applicable, offers to purchase the Bonds in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 10.4 (or on terms more favourable to the Holders) and purchases all Bonds validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Bonds tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 11.
