18.2.3 18.2.4 18.2.5 18.2.6 18.2.7
The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement.
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all reasonable costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under these Terms and Conditions. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 13 (Distribution o fproceeds).
The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
