(d) If Bonds representing more than 90% of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the a price of 101% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date If the funds deposited on the Escrow Account have not in all material respects been released from the Escrow Account and applied as set out in the Clause 2.3 (Use of Proceeds) by the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than 5 Business Days thereafter (with the Longstop Date being the Record Date), redeem Bonds at a price equal to 101.00% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds to be redeemed).
29 (55)
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer and the Group Companies may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
(c) Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the U.S Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), (b) to a person that the bondholder reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" ("QIB") (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the relevant exchange, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
