The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The initial nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 250,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The aggregate nominal amount of the Initial Notes as at the First Issue Date is SEK 200,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
Following the prior approval of the Noteholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may, on one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The issue price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes is not limited. Each Subsequent Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 9.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them
and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory law and except as otherwise provided in the Finance Documents.
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the issue of the Initial Notes, for purchase of an amount under the Existing Financing equal to the Refinancing Amount and for general corporate purposes.
