Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. Notes held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled by the Issuer.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full:
(a) at any time to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, plus the Applicable Premium; and
(b) notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, provided that the redemption is financed by way of an issue of Debt Instruments, any time from the Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Voluntary partial redemption (call option)
The Issuer may, on one or several occasions, redeem an amount (including any amounts previously redeemed pursuant to this Clause 10.4) not exceeding fifty (50) per cent, o f the total aggregate Initial Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding, at a price equal to 106 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid Interest on the redeemed amounts. Partial redemption shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata.
The Issuer may in connection with the sale or disposal of a Subsidiary, or following the sale or disposal of all or substantially all of a Subsidiary's assets, redeem in whole or in part all outstanding Notes by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata. The partial redemption must be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Net Disposal Proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt a partial redemption shall not occur where the amount to be redeemed pro rata per Note is less than SEK 1,000. The
16(40)
