Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4.1 or 10.4.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in part at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor and rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 10.5.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.6.1.
If Noteholders representing more than 80 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.6, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.6.1 send a notice to the remaining Noteholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity
17(40)
10.6.4 10.6.5 10.6.6
