The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.6, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.6 by virtue of the conflict.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.6, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 10.6 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 10.6, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.6 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 ( Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
TRANSACTION SECURITY
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent. However, the Transaction Security in respect of the shares in Bong GmbH is granted directly to the Agent for the Parallel Debt. The Transaction Security in respect of the Escrow Account shall be granted on or before the First Issue Date and all other Transaction Security shall be granted on or about the Refinancing Date. The Transaction Security shall be provided and (as applicable) perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into between the Issuer and the Agent, acting on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
The Agent shall, on behalf of the Secured Parties, keep all certificates and other documents that are bearers of rights relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody.
Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Noteholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Noteholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third
18(40)
party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Noteholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
