"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
2
"Bonds Pro-rata Share" means, with respect to any payment, prepayment or repayment to be made to the Senior Lenders and the Bondholders, the total outstanding amount in connection with the Bonds as a proportion of the Total Senior Outstandings calculated so that any amount outstanding in a currency other than ZAR shall be converted from that currency to a ZAR amount by reference to the spot rate at which the Issuer is able to purchase the relevant currency at 11:00 am 2 Business Days prior to the proposed payment is to be made under Senior Unsecured Loan Agreement, provided that the amount to be actually paid to the Bondholders based on the Bonds Pro-rata Share shall take into account the spot rate available to the Issuer when converting funds available in other currencies into NOK and SEK (respectively).
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 19 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Business Day" means a day which is both a Business Day Sweden and a Business Day Norway.
"Business Day Convention" means (i) in respect of the SEK Bonds, the first following day that is a Business Day Sweden unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day Sweden and (ii) in respect of the NOK Bonds, the first following day that is a Business Day Norway unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day Norway.
"Business Day Norway" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday in Norway on which the Norwegian Central Bank's settlement system is open and commercial banks in Norway are open for business.
"Business Day Sweden" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
