2. Status of the Bonds
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
18
(c) The initial nominal amount of each SEK Bond is SEK 617,712 and the initial nominal amount of each NOK Bond is NOK 1 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds is SEK 260,000,000 and NOK 135.000. 000. All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent of the Initial Nominal Amount.
(d) Following the Second Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate Nominal Amount of the SEK Bonds is SEK 78,449,424 and the aggregate Nominal Amount of the NOK Bonds is 60,908,372.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu amongst each other and with the Senior Unsecured Loan and without any preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
(h) The Swedish CSD, in respect of SEK Bonds initially being Euroclear Sweden AB, shall perform its obligations as CSD solely in respect of the SEK Bonds and in accordance with the rules and regulations for issuers and issuing agents as regularly applied to it in relation to Swedish bond offerings, and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, have no obligations in respect of the NOK Bonds.
