4. Transfer restrictions
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. The SEK Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and the NOK Bonds will be registered In accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act and the terms and conditions of the VPS. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and the Norwegian Securities Register Act (as applicable).
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the Swedish CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the Swedish CSD in respect of the SEK Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the Swedish CSD in respect of the SEK Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the Swedish CSD in respect of the SEK Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
(f) The Agent shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Terms and Conditions, have access to the securities depository registered with the Norwegian CSD for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the NOK Bonds registered in the securities depository.
20
