19. Bondholders' Meeting
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19(a) with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 22.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 19(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the notice pursuant to Clause 19(a), (iv) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than five (5) Business Days and no later than ten (10) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
46
20. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder (i) holding SEK Bonds, on the Business Day Sweden prior to the date on which the communication is sent, or (ii) holding NOK Bonds on the Business Day Norway, prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 20(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.
