(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person and no opinion or advice by the Agent will be binding on the Bondholders.
(d) The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Group with the terms of the Finance Documents (unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents).
(e) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(g) The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Upstream Guarantee which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 17 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(h) Other than as specifically set out in the Finance Documents, the Agent shall not be bound to monitor (i) whether any Event of Default has occurred, (ii) the
49
performance, default or any breach by the Issuer of its obligations under the Finance Documents, or (iii) whether any other event specified in any Finance Document has occurred. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(i) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of documents and information delivered to it and shall not be liable to the Noteholders for damage due to any such documents and information not being accurate, correct and complete and, as applicable, duly authorised, executed, legally valid, binding and enforceable.
