Upon request by a Holder, the Agent may distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent may upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall, subject to Clause 28.2.2, be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents, (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under the Finance Documents or (iv) as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 18 (Distribution o fproceeds).
The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any
42
