"Make Whole Amount" means at a price equivalent to the sum of:
(b) the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders)
together with accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount up to the relevant Redemption Date.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than five (5.00) per cent. of either (i) the Total Assets (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) or (ii) EBITDA of the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
"MST" means Modern Sprangteknik i Norden AB, reg. no. 556989-1525.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm Aktiebolag, (reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for the relevant period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group.
