(c) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (a) and/or (b) above, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
if the STIBOR rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero (0).
"Subsequent Bond" means any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.5.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the relevant Record Date for the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth (1/12) of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for
12
which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Targets" means MST, Bellmans Åkeri & Entreprenad AB, reg. no. 556402-9006 and Grundab Entreprenader i Stockholm AB, reg. no. 556370-9921.
