"Add-on Acquisition Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 12.2 (Add on Acquisition Incurrence Test).
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (i) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than ninety (90) calendar days after the date of supply, or (ii) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course o f business.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
1
"Agent" means the Holders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, including any Subsequent Bonds.
"Bond Issue" means the Initial Bond Issue and any Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
