(c) 102.60 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date;
(e) 101.30 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling forty-eight (48) months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling fifty-four (54) months after the First Issue Date; and
2
(f) 100.65 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling fifty-four (54) months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om vardepapperscentraler och kontoforing avfmansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events resulting in one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder), acting in concert, acquiring or controlling fifty (50.00) per cent. or more of the votes of the Issuer, where "acting in concert" means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate through the acquisition of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to (i) obtain or consolidate voting control of such shares or (ii) obtain the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, that the Maintenance Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and (iii) if provided with an application of the Incurrence Test or the Add-on Acquisition Incurrence Test the Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Net Interest Bearing Debt and EBITDA (calculated pro forma and in accordance with the Calculation Principles).
"Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 15.1.
"Conditions Precedent to the First Issue Date" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 14.
