21
11.6.2
11.6.3
The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within one hundred and eighty (180) days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer or another Group Company as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event).
The Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders and the repayment price per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount plus a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall before the First Call Date be the price equal to the Make Whole Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each beneficial bondholder or direct registered owner (Sw. rättmätige innehavare eller direktregisterad innehavare) shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased and each nominee (Sw. förvaltare) shall have the right to request that all of its Bonds held, or only some, are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 13.12.1 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.12.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a beneficial bondholder or direct registered owner (Sw. rättmätige innehavare eller direktregisterad innehavare) and/or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a beneficial bondholder or direct registered owner (Sw. rättmätige innehavare eller direktregisterad innehavare) and/or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.12.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.6 by virtue of the conflict.
