5.1 The Notes will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from (but excluding) (i) the Issue Date or (ii), in relation to any Notes issued after the Issue Date, such later date on which the relevant Notes is issued, up to (and including) the Redemption Date. There will be a longer than usual Interest Period for the Interest Period ending on 15 October 2014 and a shorter than usual Interest Period for (i) the first Interest Period of any Notes issued after the Issue Date and (ii) the Interest Period ending on the Final Redemption Date.
5.3 If the Interest Rate for an Interest Period cannot be determined due to an event identified in Condition 19.1 or similar circumstances, the Interest Rate for the preceding Interest Period shall continue to apply. As soon as possible following such event, the Interest Rate shall be determined for the current Interest Period and applied from the second (2nd) Banking Day following such determination for the reminder of the then applicable Interest Period.
6 Notes in book-entry form
6.1 The Notes will be registered on behalf of the Holders on a VP Account and no physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Foraldrabalken), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their entitlement to receive payment,
6.2 The Company (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Company shall request and provide such information to the Agent.
6.3 The Company shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Holders.
6
6.4 For the purpose of, or in connection with, any of the procedures as set out in Condition 13 (The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.) the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.
7 Final redemption of the Notes and payments
