(a) The Agent is entitled, and shall following a demand in writing from a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount (such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly), on behalf of the Holders, call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the Total Nominal Amount may demand from the Agent that such call is made.
(c) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or underlying holder, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD to be entitled to vote, in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form for the Holders to participate at the meeting by proxy or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(d) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder included in the definition of Adjusted Total Nominal Amount is entitled to vote. Each Note shall entitle its Holder to one vote per SEK 1,000,000 of the Nominal Amount held by such Holder. A Holder that holds more than one Note must vote in the same manner for all Notes held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders and an authorised nominee in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act may vote differently for different underlying accountholders. The
12
resolution of the Holders shall, subject to the requirements for Qualified Majority set out in Condition 13,2 (e) below, be the opinion which represents the majority of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount for the Notes.
(e) In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds when (1) one of the situations from a special undertaking in accordance with Condition 11 (Special undertakings) is waived, (2) change of Agent upon demand by the Company or the Holders, (3) amendment of a condition in these Terms and Conditions, subject to (ii) below; or
(ii) three quarters when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount and (3) amendment of the conditions in this Condition 13.2 (e).
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
