13.3.1 Subject to Condition 13.3.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Company and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of written procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
13.3.3 A Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Company (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a meeting of Holders Is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a meeting of Holders convened by it or by way of written procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
13.3.4 If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Company shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
13.3.5 The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under these Terms and Conditions.
13.3.6 Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
13.3.7 Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Terms and Conditions but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Company and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
14
13.3.8 In th© event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Condition 13.3 (Replacement of Agent), the Company shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions. Unless the Company and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
13.4 Remuneration for the Agent
