"Initial Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Initial Bonds.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of the Danish Bankruptcy Act (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends or declares that it will suspend making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual financial difficulties, commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its known creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution, reconstruction (in Danish: rekonstruktion) or liquidation.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into between, amongst other, the Issuer, the super senior RCF creditors under the Super Senior RCF, the facility agent under the Super Senior RCF, certain hedging counterparties and the Agent (representing the Bondholders).
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 15 February, 15 May, 15 August and 15 November each year. The first Interest Payment Date shall be 15 August 2018. The last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Maturity Date (or such earlier date on which the Bonds are redeemed in full). To the extent any of the above dates is not a CSD Business Day, the first following day that is a CSD Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a CSD Business Day.
"Interest Period" means:
(a) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date; and
(b) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
