(a) The Bonds are denominated in Euro and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
17
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is EUR 100,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 40,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount.
(d) The minimum permissible investment in a Bond Issue is EUR 100,000.
(e) Provided that the Incurrence Test (calculated pro forma including such issue) is met, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions after the First Issue Date, issue Subsequent Bonds (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"). Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount and the Final Maturity Date applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 60,000,000. Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(f) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank (i) without any preference among them and (ii) at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except (A) those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law and (B) the super senior ranking of the Super Senior Debt in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
(a) The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue, towards (i) refinancing the Refinancing Debt, (ii) financing general corporate purposes of the Group, and (iii) financing the Transaction Costs.
