(b) The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.2(a) is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation. The Agent does not have any obligation to review the document and evidence referred to in Clause 4.2(a) above from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.
(d) If the conditions subsequent have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within (i) 60 Business Days following disbursement from the Proceeds Account or (ii) 60 Business Days following any necessary registrations (if applicable), the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. The repurchase date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the sixty (60) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
21
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept (Sw. Skuldbok) by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
