(v) provided that the redemption is financed to more than 50 per cent. by way of one or several Market Loan issues, any time from and including the first CSD Business Day falling fifty-seven (57) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Claw Back (call option)
(a) The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to EUR 35,000 per each Bond, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event). The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1.00) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as specified in Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in Clause 9.3(a)(ii) and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
(b) Partial repayment accordance with Clause 9.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in part and the repayment shall be made on the immediately following Interest Payment Date at the applicable amounts. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro and paid to the person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
9.5 Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.5(a) no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(c) A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.5(a) is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
