(b) The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.5(a) no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
25
9.6 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure Event or Delisting (put option)
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, Listing Failure Event or Delisting, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, Listing Failure Event or Delisting (as applicable) pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, Listing Failure Event or Delisting (as applicable).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than forty-five (45) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.6 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled.
10. Transaction Security and Guarantees
(a) Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and applicable corporate law limitations, as continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer and the relevant Group Companies grants the Transaction Security to the Bondholders (as represented by the Agent), the Agent and the other Secured Parties.
