(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing but subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Agent is entitled to, and shall following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 14.9(d), on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(c) The Agent shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
37
(d) If the Bondholders (in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 14.9, up to, but excluding, the First Call Date the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 9.3(a)(ii) and thereafter, as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs, the redemption amount specified in Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)).
15. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security (in the case of proceeds from the Guarantee to the extent such proceeds can be applied towards satisfaction of the Secured Obligations) shall be distributed in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
(b) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds and must be promptly turned over to the Security Agent to be applied in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
