(iii) such amendment will not negatively affect the Bondholders or the Agent and is necessary for the purpose of listing of the Bonds; or
(b) The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
(c) The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 19(a), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 11.3 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority, to the extent such registration is possible in accordance with the rules of the relevant CSD.
43
(d) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
20. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
20.1 Appointment of Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Agent to act as representative (Dk. fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of and for the benefit of the Bondholders pursuant to Chapter 4 of the Danish Capital Markets Act and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Agent accepts such appointment. The Agent shall be registered with the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Dk. finanstilsynet) in accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act and the Issuer and the Agent shall provide all information required by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority.
(b) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, each Bondholder is bound by these Terms and Conditions and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Agent has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents and the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation of the Agent to act on its behalf, as set forth in this Clause 20.1 (Appointment of Agent).
