(a) The Issuer appoints the Agent to act as representative (Dk. fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of and for the benefit of the Bondholders pursuant to Chapter 4 of the Danish Capital Markets Act and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Agent accepts such appointment. The Agent shall be registered with the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Dk. finanstilsynet) in accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act and the Issuer and the Agent shall provide all information required by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority.
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is under any obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable), that the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
44
(f) The Agent may act as agent, trustee or representative for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
20.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security and/or Guarantees on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent is not responsible for the content, valid execution, perfection, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
