13.6.3 In the event of any breach of a Financial Covenant, the Issuer shall immediately give notice to the Bond Trustee, and the Issuer shall have the right to remedy the noncompliance within 15 Banking days after sending such notice. If (lie Issuer has remedied the non-compliance within said 15 Banking Days, no Event of Default shall have occurred.
13.7.1 The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Rig and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain the Rig in class. During operation of the Rig, the Issuer shall ensure that the rig manager runs proper maintenance of the Rig according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system. The Rig shall also be adequately insured (including war risk) against Hull & Machinery risks at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, and a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, as well as
26
Norsk Tillitsiniinii ASA
any additional insurance required under any other contracts. The insurances and Loss Payee Clause shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with at least similar terms.
13.7.2 The Issuer shall maintain class, flag, name and registry of the Rig, and allow the Bond Trustee to inspect the Rig if requested.
13.7.3 The Rig shall be kept in a good and safe condition and repairs consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards; and at all times be operated in accordance with laws and regulations.
13.8 Special Covenants
13.8.1 The Issuer covenants that the Aban Group will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds from the Bonds, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person: a. to fund or facilitate any activities or business of, with or related to any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions; and b. in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the Bond issuance, whether as Manager, advisor, investor or otherwise).
