h) not sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
The financial covenant in letter c) will apply for the Guarantor on a consolidated basis at all tunes, and will be tested on a semi-annual basis in connection with the reporting in Clause 13.9.3 below.
13.9.2
In the event of any breach of a covenant, the Guarantor shall give notice to the Bond Trustee and have the right to remedy the non-compliance within 15 Banking days after sending such notice. If the Guarantor has remedied the non-compliance within said 15 Banking Days, no Event of Default shall have occurred.
13.9.3
The Guarantor shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Reports under Clause 13.9.1. (c), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13.9.1. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 2 hereto, signed by any two members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Guarantor has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 'Hie Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
