(ii) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address specified on the website www.sasgroup.net on the Business Day prior to dispatch; and
(b) Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 22.1(a) or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 22.1(a).
(c) Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.
22.2 Press releases
(a) Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (Call option)), 9.4 (Early redemption due to illegality (call option)), 10.1(b), 11.5(c), 12(c), 14(o), 15(a), 16(a) and 17(c) shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
(b) In addition to Clause 22.2(a), if any information relating to the Notes or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
23. Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability
(a) Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
(b) The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
