"IFRS" means the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements. "Intercom pany Loan" means any unsecured intercompany loans between (i) the Issuer and the Guarantor, (ii) the Guarantor and any of its subsidiaries, where the Guarantor o r the relevant subsidiary is the debtor and the Guarantor or the relevant subsidiary is the creditor. Any Intercompany Loan under which the issuer or the Guarantor is a debtor shall according to its terms and pursuant to an intercreditor agreement satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, (a) be subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor under the Finance Documents, and (b) have no acceleration right. Such Intercompany Loans, including any Intercompany Loan pledged as security under the Bond Issue, may be repaid, prepaid, converted into equity o r settled in any other matter.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification N u m b e r -t h e identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 23 April 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Issuer's Pledge of Intercom pany Loans" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's claims under any current and future Intercompany Loan from the Issuer to the Guarantor.
"Lundin Family Bridge Loans" means any loan to be granted by entities related to the Lundin family to the Issuer with (i) no repayment of principal (other than right of being refinanced by any new Lundin family bridge loan, repaid from proceeds from an equity raise in the Issuer, or repaid from proceeds received through the repayment of an SPV Loan) prior to the Maturity Date for the Bond Issue, (ii) delivery of an expressed subordination undertaking towards the Bonds to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), (iii) no cash payment of interest in excess of 12% per annum (but no restrictions on interest accruing and becoming payable together with repayment of principal).
Doc. ref.: 2352355-vS
"M anagem ent Company" means any member of the Group (other than the Issuer or the Guarantor) established with the main purpose of providing management services to a SPV or SPV Prospect under any intra-Group management agreement.
