(a) created under the Finance Documents;
(c) any lien arising by operation of law.
"Permitted Transferee" means in relation to a disposal, or otherwise a transfer, of shares in the Issuer (directly or indirectly), any other person approved by a Bondholders' Meeting as a transferee (prior to the actual Change of Control Event occurring) with a majority of at least half (50 per cent.) of the Voting Bonds.
"Property" means part of the property Mølleparken 4, with land/property/sections number (gnr./bnr./snr.) 219/197/23 in Oslo.
"Property Owning Company" means Sagveien Tower AS (incorporated in Norway with reg. no. 912 505 863), the 100% direct owner of the Property, to be acquired by the Issuer pursuant to the SPA.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event or a Breach Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Reference Rate" shall mean NIBOR; (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion ofthe Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
