In addition to such amounts payable under (i) - (ii) above, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
11255703/5
23
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101.0 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within forty (40) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Without prejudice to paragraph (d) below and the Issuer's right pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Change o f Control Call Option), once notified, the Bondholders' right to settle the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent ofthe exercise ofthe Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the tenth (10) Business Day after the end of the forty (40) Business Days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) The Bondholders' Put Option related to a Breach Event shall no longer apply to the extent a Permitted Transferee has been approved by a Bondholders' Meeting in relation to a Change of Control Event (and such Permitted Transferee subsequently gains Decisive Influence over the Issuer).
10.4 Change of Control Call Option (a) If, in relation to a Change of Control Event, a person is not approved (meaning rejected) by a Bondholders' Meeting as a Permitted Transferee (prior to the actual Change of Control Event occurring), the Issuer shall have the right to redeem all (but not some) of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest), with settlement no later than twenty (20) Business Days following such notice of such relevant Change of Control Event (the "Change of Control Call Option").
