(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
"Intercompany Loan" means any intercompany loan between the Issuer or any Guarantor as lender and the Issuer, any Guarantor or any other Group Company as borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, drawings made by the Group Companies in any cash pooling arrangements maintained by the Group in the ordinary course of business shall not be considered to be an Intercompany Loan.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement (in accordance with the agreed intercreditor principles), to be entered into between the Obligors, any lender in respect of Subordinated Loans, any Group Company having granted an Intercompany Loan to the Issuer or a Guarantor, the Security Agent, the Bond Trustee, the RCF Agent, the WCF Creditors (unless represented by the RCF Agent), any Hedging Counterparty in respect of a Permitted Hedging Obligation. Any other person refinancing, or assuming rights or obligations with respect to, any of the Secured Obligations shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement (without being required to obtain any prior consent from any other party to the Intercreditor Agreement).
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 7 December 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 7 March, 7 June, 7 September and 7 December each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for the quarterly period ending on each Quarter Date in each year, prepared in accordance with IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"IPO Event" means if the Sponsor reduces its direct or indirect ownership in connection with an initial public offering or similar transactions leading to a listing of the Issuer's or other Group Companies' shares on a reputable regulated market place.
