(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 {Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to
2 7 (52)
exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (.Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date If the funds deposited on the Escrow Account have not been released from the Escrow Account and applied in accordance with the purpose as set out in clause 2.3 (Use o fproceeds) by the Longstop Date, or at the sole option of the Issuer earlier if it becomes evident that the Acquisition will not be completed, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days thereafter (the "Longstop Repayment Date") (with the Relevant Record Date being two (2) Business Days after (i) the Longstop Date, or (ii) if earlier, the date the notice is given that the Acquisition will not be completed), redeem Bonds at a price equal to 100% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds to be redeemed).
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be repurchased and retained, by the Issuer in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
