Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 700,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of an initial nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The nominal amount of each Bond will be the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been redeemed in part pursuant to a partial prepayment by the Issuer (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 400,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0008040893. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
The Issuer may at one or more occasions issue additional Bonds under these Terms and Conditions, amounting to SEK 300,000,000 in aggregate (together with Initial Bond Issue, in total SEK 700,000,000), (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), provided that the Incurrence Test is met (calculatedpro form a including the Subsequent Bond Issue). Any Subsequent Bond Issue shall be issued subject to the Terms and Conditions and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the Nominal Amount and the final maturity applicable to the initial Bonds shall apply also to additional Bonds. The price of additional Bonds may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms these Terms and Conditions.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
