"Bank" means Svenska Handelsbanken AB (reg. no. 502007-7862).
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) The Make Whole Amount if the call option is exercised before the First Call Date;
(b) 104.00% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but not including) the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 102.00% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after 36 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 45 months after the Issue Date;
(d) 100.00% of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after (i) the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 45 months after the Issue Date provided that such early redemption is financed in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s) in which the Holders shall have the possibility to participate by way of roll-over (however subject to the Issuer's decision on allocation and (ii) the date falling 45 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date.).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholders) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00% o f the voting shares o f the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors o f the board of directors o f the Issuer.
