(f) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(h) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a) - (g).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument). "Financial Report" means the Group's annual audited financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clauses 11.9.1 (a) and 11.9.1 (b). "Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 23.1. "Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Holder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond. "Holders' Meeting" means the meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 15.
5
"Incurrence Test" is met if the Consolidated Equity Ratio is greater than 20 %. The calculation of the Consolidated Equity Ratio shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one month prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness. The Consolidated Equity Ratio shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the new Financial Indebtedness provided it is an interest bearing obligation.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.4.
"Interest Payment Date" means 21 March, 21 June, 21 September and 21 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 23 June 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
