4
The Net Proceeds shall be applied towards general corporate purposes of the Group and may be used for refinancing of existing debt of the Group.
5
THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY
5.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
5.2 Except as set out below, and subject to any restrictions to which a bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferable.
5.3 The Bonds shall only be offered to non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 under the Securities Act except for QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. In addition to the application form that each Holder will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada. The Terms and Conditions will contain customary terms and provisions for a U.S. Rule 144A or Regulation S placement.
5.4 Holders understands that the Bonds will be "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (A)(i) to the Issuer, (ii) to a person who the seller reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act purchasing for its own account or for the account or benefit of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, as applicable, of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), (v) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or (vi) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and (B) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any other jurisdiction. No representation can be made as to the availability of the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 for resales of the Bonds. The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
11
