5.4 Holders understands that the Bonds will be "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (A)(i) to the Issuer, (ii) to a person who the seller reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act purchasing for its own account or for the account or benefit of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, as applicable, of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), (v) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or (vi) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and (B) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any other jurisdiction. No representation can be made as to the availability of the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 for resales of the Bonds. The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
5.5 All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
5.6 Upon transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
5.7 No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
5.8 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.
6
BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM
6.1 The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities accounts and no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests related to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
6.2 Those who according to assignment, security, the provision of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken 1949:381), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
