"Environmental Law" means any legislation regulating the use o f the Environment enacted by a legislative body o f the pertinent jurisdiction and which is legally binding upon the Issuer or any Group Company.
"Environmental Perm it" means any permit and any other authorization and the filing of any notification, report or assessment required under any Environmental Law for the operation of the business o f any Group Company conducted on or from the Properties.
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) with the Account Bank in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights and the Bond Trustee has been granted the same reading permissions as the Issuer.
"Espira Leases" means the single property lease agreements related to the Espira Properties entered into between (i) Service Property AS and (ii) the single purpose companies operating each o f the Espira Properties, as listed in Attachment 5. Such leases have a fixed term until 2018 with some options for the Espira Lessees to extend for 10 + 5 years thereafter. Under such lease, on a consolidated basis, Espira Lessees shall pay to Service Property AS an annual lease amount equivalent to NOK 105,938,263 altogether (as per 2014) for the Espira Properties, adjusted annually for CPI (No. konsumprisindeks) and downward adjusted upon the occurrence of any Permitted Disposal of an Espira Property. The Espira Lessees shall, as per the terms o f such leases, cover the Service Property AS for operational costs relating to the Espira Properties, with the exception o f Insurances, ground rent and property tax which will be covered by the Service Property AS (or another Group Company), including but not limited to public duties and maintenance costs (i.e. no cash payments).
"Espira Lessees" means the companies set out in Attachment 5.
"E spira Properties" means the 46 preschool properties as set out in Attachment 3.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.
