"Additional Mortgage" mean a mortgage over the Additional Properties including all relevant equipment being legally part of such Properties under Norwegian law. Such Additional Mortgage shall be on a second priority basis if such Additional Properties have any Husbanken Loans attached to it at the time o f purchase while it shall rank on first priority basis if such Additional Properties do not have any Husbanken Loan attached to it. In case an Additional Property is purchased through the acquisition of shares in a company incorporated in Sweden, such security shall, notwithstanding the generality o f the foregoing, be provided in a form permissible pursuant to Chapter 21, Section 5 o f the Swedish Companies Act. To the extent any mortgage certificates (Sw. pcaifbrev) in a Swedish Additional Property may be provided as security, the nominal value of such mortgage certificates shall not
surpass the purchase price paid by the Issuer, or another company in the Group, for the Additional Property in question.
"Additional Properties" means any additional preschool property in Norway or Sweden purchased by the Issuer through Additional Subsidiaries from third parties (not a Group Company), directly or through the acquisition of shares in a Norwegian or Swedish company whose sole purpose consists of owning such additional property, after the first disbursement from the Escrow Account, in which context it is understood that the Issuer through Additional Subsidiaries may use amounts on the Escrow Account resulting from any Tap Issues or any Permitted Disposal to finance the debt portion (up to 73% o f the Acquisition Price) o f purchase(s) o f such additional properties.
"Additional Property Master Lease" means the master lease agreement between the Issuer and the Lessee regarding the lease of any Additional Properties. With respect to the Additional Properties and also Investments in Properties, leases will be agreed with a minimum 8.00% yield per Additional Property and for amounts of Investments adjusted annually for CPI (No. konsumprisindeks) and downward adjusted upon the occurrence of any Permitted Disposal of an Additional Property. Such adjustment shall be made on a pro rata basis based on the annual rent for such Additional Property which was apparent when such Additional Property was added to the Additional Property Master Lease (adjusted for CPI for all the Additional Properties in the portfolio). In addition, the Lessee shall, as per the terms of such lease, coyer the Issuer for all operational costs relating to the Additional Properties, including but not limited to Insurances, public duties, maintenance costs and ground rent (i.e. no cash payments).
"Additional Property Master Lease Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claims under the Additional Property Master Lease.
"Additional Security" means the additional security which shall be provided in connection with, and in exchange of, the release of amounts from the Escrow Account to finance the acquisition o f the Additional Properties, being:
(a) the Additional Mortgage;
(b) the Additional Share Pledge;
(c) the Intercompany Loans Pledge, if any, inrespect o f any Additional Property;
