"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant Person, that it is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Section 1 of Chapter 2 of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Konkurssilaki 120/2004, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta 47/1993, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest Payment Date" means 1 March, 1 June, 1 September and 1 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 1 March 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means EURIBOR (3 months) plus the Floating Rate Margin.
6
"Issuer" means RopoHold Oy, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with Finnish Reg. No. 2749630-9.
"Issuing Agent" means the issuing agent (liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) of the Bonds, being Nordea Bank AB (publ), Finnish Branch, or another party replacing it as Issuing Agent in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"Majority Shareholder" means Sentica Buyout IV Ky and/or Sentica Buyout Co Investment Ky, acting separately or jointly, or an Affiliate thereof.
"Make Whole Amount" means the sum of:
