"Act on Noteholders' Agent" means the Finnish Act on Noteholders' Agent (Fin: Laki joukkolainanhaltijoiden edustajasta 574/2017).
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee Oy, Finnish Reg. No. 2488240-7, Mikonkatu 1b, 00100 Helsinki, Finland, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"AR Facility" means the facility provided to a Group Company for the purpose of financing asset backed insured receivables, in the ordinary course of business.
"B Shares" means all class B shares issued in the Issuer from time to time.
"Bondholder" means the Person who is registered in the register maintained by the CSD pursuant to Clause 2 of Section 3 of Chapter 4 of the Book-Entry System Act as direct registered owner (omistaja) or nominee (hallintarekisteroinnin hoitaja) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 17 (Bondholders' Meeting).
