(vi) legal opinion(s) on the validity and enforceability of any Finance Document not governed by Finnish law.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been received by the Agent within 30 Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d). The repurchase date shall fall no later than 30 Business Days after the ending of the 30 Business Days period referred to above.
(e) The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct and true, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
(b) Each Bondholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Bondholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Bonds registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in Clauses 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 4 of the BookEntry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Agent, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, as applicable.
(c) The Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 5(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Agent, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in Clause 5(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such Persons employed by the Agent or the Paying Agent, as notified by the Agent or the
15
