The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold by the Issuer, but not cancelled.
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on a CSD Business Day:
17
(i) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Bond equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 24 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(iii) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 24 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 30 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(iv) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 30 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 33 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(v) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 33 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
