"Bondholder" means the Person who is registered in the register maintained by the CSD pursuant to Clause 2 of Section 3 of Chapter 4 of the Book-Entry System Act as direct registered owner (omistaja) or nominee (hallintarekisteroinnin hoitaja) with respect to a Bond.
"Bond" means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount and of the type referred to in Clause 1 of Section 34 of the Act on Promissory Notes (Velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as amended) (joukkovelkakirja) and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
2
"Book-Entry Securities System" means the Infinity system being part of the book-entry register maintained by the CSD or any other replacing book-entry securities system.
"Book-Entry System Act" means the Finnish Act on Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Laki arvo-osuusjarjestelmasta ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017, as amended).
"Business Day" means a day on which the deposit banks are generally open for business in Helsinki.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a CSD Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a CSD Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, not being the Majority Shareholders (or an Affiliate thereof), acting in concert, acquire control, directly or indirectly, over more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the agreed form between the Agent and the Issuer, signed by the Issuer certifying satisfaction of the Incurrence Test (if relevant) and that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test.
