(v) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 33 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
9.4 Voluntary partial redemption
(a) The Issuer may make partial repayments of Bonds in an amount per fiscal year corresponding to a maximum of five per cent. of the aggregated Initial Nominal Amount. Any partial repayment shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The prepayment price for each Bond shall be a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in Clause 9.3 for the relevant period and shall for the period up to (but excluding) the First Call Date be the price set out in Clause 9.3(a)(ii), in each case including accrued but unpaid interest.
(b) Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 20 Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in part on the immediately following Interest Payment Date at the applicable amounts. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) and paid
18
to the Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
9.5 Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Listing Event
(a) The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35 per cent. of the aggregated Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date occurring within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregated amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
(b) The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in Clause 9.3 for the relevant period and shall for the period up to (but excluding) the First Call Date be the price set out in Clause 9.3(a)(ii), in each case including accrued but unpaid interest.
