(a) The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35 per cent. of the aggregated Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date occurring within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregated amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
9.6 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of 60 days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6(a).
9.7 General
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
19
10. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer and certain Group Companies grant on or in connection with First Issue Date the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Security Agent.
