(b) Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 24.1(a) or, in case of letter, three Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 24.1(a).
(d) If an Event of Default is continuing, any notice or other communication made by the Agent to the Issuer under or in connection with the Finance Documents may, provided that the Agent deems it necessary in order to preserve the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents, be sent by email and will be effective on the day of dispatch (unless a delivery failure message was received by the Agent), save that any notice or other communication sent by email that is sent after 5.00 p.m. in the place of receipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. Any notice or other communication to be sent by email by the Agent to the Issuer in accordance with this paragraph (d) shall be sent to the CFO or the CEO of the Issuer, to the email addresses most recently notified by the Issuer to the Agent.
24.2 Press releases
(a) Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), 9.4 (Voluntary partial redemption), 9.5 (Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Listing Event), 9.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)), 11.1(b), 14.9(c), 16(o), 17(a), 18(a) and 19(c) shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
39
(b) In addition to Clause 24.2(a), if any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
25. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Finland.
(b) The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Finnish courts with the District Court of Helsinki (Helsingin karajaoikeus) as the court of first instance.
