19
and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
13.2.3
The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in wilting the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out hi Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
13.3 General Covenants
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in clause 8.1.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations o f any of the Group Companies with any other companies or entities not being member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting any Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall cease to
