"Exercise Date" means the date falling ten (10) Business Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to this Attachment 2. The Warrantholders may exercise then Exercise Right on 19 March 2014 or 19 September 2014 and ten (10) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.
"Exercise Right" means the right of each Warrantholder to exercise each Warrant at the Exercise Price into 1 - one - Share, subject to adjustments as provided in this Attachment 2.
"Shares" means the shares issued by the Issuer, being at the date of this Bond Agreement 200,000 ordinary shares, with a face value of NOK 1.0, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) o f the issued share capital of the Issuer.
B
Exercise of the Exercise Right
B.l Each Warrantholder may exercise the Exercise Right at the Exercise Date provided that the relevant Warrantholder at the time of exercise has the right to own Shares under Norwegian law and the Articles of Association of the Issuer and that notification is given pursuant to clause B.2.
The Warrantholder is on the Exercise Date entitled to receive 1 - one - Share per each Warrant. Each Warrant must be exercised in whole and cannot be partly exercised. Any adjustment o f the Exercise Price (and thereby the Exercise Right) shall be calculated as stipulated in clauses C and E.
B.2 In order to exercise the Exercise Right, a Warrantholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via the Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice. Exercise o f the Exercise Right(s) shall be effected on the Exercise Date.
The relevant Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository shall notify the Paying Agent of request to the exercise the Exercise Right(s) and shall simultaneously demand payment from the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the whole number of Shares to be issued under the Exercise Right(s) to an account designated by the Paying Agent, the payment being due 3 - three - Banking Days before the Exercise Date.
