C.l If the Exercise Price is below par value of the shares, par value of the shares still applies, and the Issuer shall upon exercise pay the Warrantholder the difference between the par value of the shares and the applicable Exercise Price.
Redemption Right
D. 1 The Issuer is entitled to redeem the Warrants (all or nothing) at a price equivalent to a share price of NOK 190 (which equals a re-purchase price per warrant of NOK 90). If an adjustment o f the Exercise Price as set out in section C has been carried out, the re-purchase price shall be adjusted accordingly. The Issuer may exercise the Redemption Right on 19 September 2013. The Issuer shall, at the latest, notify the Paying Agent 30 Business Days prior to the exercise of the Redemption Right. The notification shall as soon as possible be sent to the Warrantholders through the Security Registrar.
E
Merger and De-merger
E. 1 If the Issuer decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Issuer is the acquired company, the Warrants shall, on completion of the merger, be transformed to rights to subscribe shares (warrants) in the acquiring company, on terms adjusted for the exchange ratio applied in the merger.
Warrantholders shall receive written notification o f the merger from the Issuer through the Securities Depository no later than 5 (five) Banking Days after the announcement referred to in the Companies Act § 13-14 has been made.
E.2 Should the Issuer decide on a merger, in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and shareholders in the acquired company receive settlement in the form of Shares or a combination of Shares and cash, no adjustment will be made to the Exercise Price.
E.3 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, such adjustments to the Exercise Right and the Exercise Price shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in clause C as the Bond Trustee in its reasonable opinion shall consider appropriate.
