10
The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 450,000,000. The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount of NOK 225,000,000 (the "Initial Bond Issue").
The Face Value is NOK 500,000. The Bonds shall rankpari passu between themselves.
The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Cegal Holding AS Senior Secured Callable Open Bond Issue 2014/2017".
The ISIN o f the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0713217.
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
2.3 Subsequent Bond Issues
The Issuer may issue additional Bonds in one or more Subsequent Bond Issues at any time after the Issue Date up until the fifth Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, provided that (i) the Incurrence Test is met, (ii) the amount o f the aggregate of (x) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Subsequent Bond Issue and (y) the requested amount for such Subsequent Bond Issue does not exceed the maximum issue amount set out in Clause 2.2, (iii) no Event o f Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such Subsequent Bond Issue, (iv) the Issuer confirms that the documents received by the Bond Trustee under Clauses 6.1 and 6.2 are still valid, or provides updates of such documents to the Bond Trustee, (v) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement are true and correct and repeated by the Issuer, (vi) such Subsequent Bond Issue is closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; and (vii) such Subsequent Bond Issue is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations as o f the time of such issue.
All additional Bonds issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue will be subject to identical terms in all respects, except that additional Bonds may be issued at a price below or above the Face Value. The rights and obligations of all parties to this Bond Agreement also apply for Subsequent Bond Issues. The Bond Trustee will in connection with Subsequent Bond Issues make an addendum to this Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Subsequent Bond Issue.
