request.
The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
Nordic Trustee ASA
13.3 General Covenants
(a) Paripassu ranking The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at leastpari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation o f the assets and obligations of the relevant Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the relevant Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope o f the business of the Group from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement if this would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations to a person not being a member of the Group, unless (i) the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions, and (ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
