"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Change of Control Event" means that:
(a) Mr. Kent Hansson and Dr. Manuel Vogel cease to, individually or jointly, own and control at least forty (40) per cent. of the votes and shares in DDM Holding AG due to any act or circumstance other than a new issue of shares in DDM Holding AG;
(b) a person (or several persons who either (A) are, in respect of individuals, related, (B) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group or (C) who act or have agreed to act in concert), other than Mr. Kent Hansson and Dr. Manuel Vogel, establish ownership or control of more than fifty (50) per cent. of the votes and shares in DDM Holding AG; or
(c) shares in DDM Holding AG cease to be listed on a Regulated Market or an MTF.
"Co-Investment" means an Investment (i) made by a person other than an Issuer Group Company in an Issuer Group Company, (ii) for the purpose of co-investing with such Issuer Group Company in an Investment made by the Issuer Group Company, and (iii) pursuant to which such person will only be entitled to receive proceeds from the Investment made by the relevant Issuer Group Company in an amount not higher than the fraction of (A) such person's Investment in the relevant Issuer Group Company to (B) the Investment made by the relevant Issuer Group Company.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"DDM Invest XX" means DDM Invest XX AG, a limited liability company (De:aktiengesellschaft) incorporated under the laws of Switzerland with Reg. No. CH-170.3.037.020-6
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or an MTF.
