Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take i f it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end o fthe period referred to in Clause 9.5.1.
If Noteholders representing more than 80 per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall send a notice to the remaining Noteholders giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following such notice. Such notice shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5.3. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 9.5.3.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements o f any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change o f Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits
EXECUTION VERSION 14(35)
stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
10.
