6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(b) Each Bondholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Bondholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Bonds registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 6 of the Book-Entry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Agent or the Issuing Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
(c) The Agent and the Issuing Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in paragraph (b) above from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Agent and the Issuing Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in paragraph (b) above from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
(e) The Issuer, the Agent and the Issuing Agent may use the information referred to in paragraph (b) above only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Bonds and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for the before-mentioned purposes.
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers
15
of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
