If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor, the Bondholders or others o f other payment mechanisms them described in Clause 11.2.1 or u.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.
Subject to Clause n.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge o f its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.
Currency
Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date o f the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account o f the Issuer.
Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.
Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities o f a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
Interest in the event o f late payment
