(a) Hans von Rettig, personal coordination no. (Sw. samordningsnummer) 600486-9530, his wife, or any of his direct heirs;
(c) an Affiliate under paragraph (a).
"Make Whole Price" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of one hundred and three point zero eighty-five (103.085) per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Record Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice o f redemption is given to the Holders);
both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration o fthe Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance o f doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than ten (10.00) per cent. of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) the net profit o fthe Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
