"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
8
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for the relevant period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to cash and cash equivalents investments of the Group.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and sole bookrunner for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred and/or used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use ofproceeds).
"Net Secured Debt" means the aggregate secured interest bearing debt incurred by a Group Company from time to time, for the avoidance of doubt including the Senior Debt, any Working Capital Facility (where the Working Capital Facility shall be calculated as the Working Capital Facility Twelve (12) Months Average) and any financial leases incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business, less cash and cash equivalents of the Group per the relevant testing date, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Total Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) (where the Working Capital Facility shall be calculated as the Working Capital Facility Twelve (12) Months Average) less cash and cash equivalents o f the Group per the relevant testing date, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set forth in item (b) of the definition "Financial Indebtedness" above.
