In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (i) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than ninety (90) calendar days after the date of supply, or (ii) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Intertrust CN (Sweden) AB (reg. no. 556625-5476, Sveavägen 9, P.O. Box 162 85, SE-103 25, Stockholm, Sweden).
1
"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
