provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under
Clause 14.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with
details o f any circumstances referred to in Clause 14.1 and provide the Agent with all
documents that may be of significance for the application o f this Clause 12.
26
14.5 14.6
14.7 14.8 14.9 14.10
The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 14.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 14.4.
If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 14.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
