(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases (the "Operational Lease Freeze");
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing (including forward sale or purchase arrangements);
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
5
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument). "Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clause 11.10.1 (a)-(b). "First Call Date" means the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. "Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 26.1. "Funds Flow Statement" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1 (a). "Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company"). "Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond. "Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 17 (Holders 'Meeting). "Incurrence Test" is met if:
(a) the ratio of Net Total Debt to EBITDA is not greater than: (i) four point twenty-five (4.25) during the period from (and including) the Issue Date up to (and including) 31 March 2018; (ii) three point seventy-five (3.75) during the period from (and including) 1 April 2018 up to (and including) 31 March 2020; or (iii) three point twenty-five (3.25) during the period from (and including) 1 April 2020 up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date;
(b) the ratio of Net Secured Debt to EBITDA is not greater than: (i) two point five (2.50) during the period from (and including) the Issue Date up to (and including) 31 March 2018; (ii) two point twenty-five (2.25) during the period from (and including) 1 April 2018 up to (and including) 31 March 2020; or (iii) two point zero (2.00) during the period from (and including) 1 April 2020 up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date;
