10.3 Change of Control or De-listing 10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of (i) a Change of Control Event or (ii) a De-listing Event each
10.3.3 The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be no more than seventy-five - 75 - days after the Bondholders received notice of the relevant Change of Control Event or De-listing Event from the Bond Trustee.
10.3.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.
11. PAYMENTS 11.1 Covenant to pay 11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance
Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document. 11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
11.2 Paym ent mechanics 11.2.1 If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all
amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
11.2.2 Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.
11.2.3 In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depositoiy or Account Managers.
