(o) not permit any member o f the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course o f such member o f the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member o f the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing o f the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration o f the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law, and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law (the "Tax Deduction"). If a Tax Deduction is required by law to be made in respect of payments from the Borrower or the Guarantor, the amount of the payment due under the Loan Agreement shall be increased ("grossed up") to an amount which (after making any Tax Deduction) leaves an amount equal to the payment which would have been due if no Tax Deduction would have been required. The Loan Trustee shall upon request provide the Borrower or Guarantor with information on the nationality and other matters in respect o f the bondholders relevant to calculate any Tax Deduction. If required for any authorities, the Loan Trustee may provide the relevant authorities with the identity and other matters in respect of the bondholders relevant to calculate withholdings and payments by the Borrower or the Guarantor.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events o f Default):
