9.2 9.3
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws and regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 8.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 8.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 8.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 8.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 8.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit. The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.5 if it has exercised its right to redeem all of the Notes in accordance with Clause 8.3 prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
If Notes representing more than 75 per cent of the aggregate nominal principal amount of the Notes have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 8.5, the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining outstanding Notes at the price stated in Clause 8.5.1 above by notifying the remaining Noteholders of its intention to do so no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the latest possible repurchase date pursuant to Clause 8.5.2. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the tenth CSD Business Day following the date of such notice.
TRANSACTION SECURITY
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall at the latest on the First Issue Date grant the Transaction Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Transaction Security shall be provided and perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into by and between the Issuer as pledgor and the Agent as pledgee acting on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
The Transaction Security is or is to be granted only for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Security Documents provide and will provide that only the Agent may exercise the rights under the Security Documents and only the Agent has the right to enforce the Security Documents. As a consequence, the Secured Parties shall not be entitled, individually or collectively, to take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents.
Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 14 (Decisions by Noteholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Noteholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third
