(b) Any request for early redemption must be submitted to the Bond Trustee within twenty (20) Business Days after the Issuer has delivered the relevant Liquidity Report. The request for early redemption shall be made in writing to the e-mail address of the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 21 {Notices). The Bond Trustee shall notify the issuer and the Issuing Agent of the request for early redemption within thirty (30) Business Days after the Issuer has delivered the relevant Liquidity Report.
(d) Each Bond shall be redeemed at a price of 100 per cent of Nominal Amount plus accrued interest thereon from the preceding Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the relevant early Redemption Date.
(e) Any Bondholder who has requested an early redemption pursuant to this Clause 9.3 shall transfer its Bonds that are to be redeemed to the Issuing Agent's VP Account. On the relevant early Redemption Date, the Issuing Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, arrange for payment to be made of the relevant redemption amount to each person who is a Bondholder on the Record Date and that holds Bonds that are to be redeemed and which have been transferred to the Issuing Agent's VP Account in accordance with this Clause 9.3,
9.4 Early Redemption upon an Asset Sale (Redemption Offer)
(a) If at any time following an Asset Sale by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds SEK 10,000,000, the Issuer will notify the Bond Trustee and send a redemption offer to all Bondholders, to redeem the maximum Nominal Amount of Bonds, on a pro rata basis, that may be redeemed out of the Excess Proceeds (a "Redemption Offer"). The Redemption Offer price under this Clause 9.4 will be equal to 100 per cent of Nominal Amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, from the preceding Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the early Redemption Date.
(b) The Redemption Offer must be submitted by the issuer to the Bond Trustee as soon as possible after the Excess Proceeds threshold set out in paragraph (a) above has been exceeded. The Redemption Offer shall be made in writing to the e-mai! address of the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 21 (Notices) and shall be irrevocable. The Redemption Offer shall be open for acceptance for a period of twenty 20 Business Days following the submission of the Redemption Offer (the "Offer Period").
(c) The Bondholders who accept the Redemption Offer may elect to tender their Bonds in whole or in part (up to its pro rata portion of the Excess Proceeds) and shall notify the Bond Trustee, within the Offer Period, of the amount and number of Bonds to be redeemed. The notice shall be made in writing to the email address of the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 21 (Notices). The Bond Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Issuing Agent of the amount and number of Bonds to be redeemed. The relevant Bondholders shall
W/2773419/V3
28
