W/2773419/V3
thereafter ensure that the relevant Bonds are transferred to the Issuing Agent's VP Account prior to the early Redemption Date. On the relevant early Redemption Date, the Issuing Agent shall, on behalf of the issuer, arrange for payment to be made of the relevant redemption amount to each person who is a Bondholder on the Record Date and that holds Bonds that are to be redeemed and which have been transferred to the Issuing Agent's VP Account in accordance with this Clause 9,4.
(d) The early Redemption Date shall, for the purposes of this Clause 9.4, occur on the last day of the Offer Period.
(e) If any Excess Proceeds remain after consummation of the redemption pursuant to this Clause 9.4, the issuer may use such Excess Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by these Terms and Conditions.
(f) Upon completion of redemption pursuant to this Clause 9.4, the amount of Excess Proceeds utilised for the redemption will be deemed reset at zero.
9.5 Early Redemption in Case of Available Excess Cash (Redemption Bid)
(a) The Issuer shall on 15 May each year deliver a Liquidity Report to the Bond Trustee. If such Liquidity Report shows that the Available Cash of the Issuer on the last day of the previous Financial Year exceeds SEK 125,000,000, the Issuer shall simultaneously with the delivery of the Liquidity Report invite the Bondholders (via the Bond Trustee) to accept redemption of the maximum Nominal Amount of Bonds, that may be redeemed out of the surplus of the Available Cash over SEK 125,000,000 (the "Available Excess Cash"). The redemption price for any Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Clause 9.5 shall be determined based on a sealed first-price tendering process, in accordance with this Clause 9.5 (Early Redemption in Case of Available Excess Cash)
(b) Following the receipt by the Bond Trustee of the Liquidity Report evidencing the Available Excess Cash, the Bond Trustee shall notify each Bondholder within ten (10) Business Days of the amount of the Available Excess Cash that may be applied towards redemption of the Bonds and invite each Bondholder to participate in the sealed first-price tendering process (the "Bid Notice").
(c) Each Bondholder that wishes to participate in the sealed first-price tendering process (a "Participating Bondholder") shall, within ten (10) Business Days of the receipt of the Bid Notice (the "Bid Period"), submit to the Bond Trustee a redemption bid (a "Redemption Bid"). The Redemption Bid shall be made in writing to the e-mail address of the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 21 (Notices) and shall be irrevocable. For the avoidance of doubt, should no Redemption Bids be submitted during the Bid Period, the Issuer will retain its redemption rights pursuant to Clause 9.6 (Redemption at the Issuer's Option).
