(g) The early Redemption Date shall, for the purposes of this Clause 9.5, occur on the date falling ten (10) Business Days following the expiry of the Bid Period.
9.6 Redemption at the Issuer's Option
(a) The Issuer may redeem any or all Bonds on any Business Day by giving the Bondholders notice in accordance with Clause 21 (Notices) not less than thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days prior to the proposed early Redemption Date. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the early Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date, and in case of a partial redemption the amount and number of bonds to be redeemed ("Partial Redemption Bonds"). The Bonds shall be redeemed at 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest in accordance with Clause 7 (Interest) from the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant eariy Redemption Date.
(b) in case of a partial redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) above, each Bondholder shall ensure that its Partial Redemption Bonds are transferred to the issuing Agent's VP Account prior to the relevant eariy Redemption Date. On the relevant eariy Redemption Date, the Issuing Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, arrange for payment to be made in cash of the relevant redemption amount to each Bondholder that has transferred its Partial Redemption Bonds to the Issuing Agent's VP Account, whereafter the Issuer and the Issuing Agent shall transfer the Partial Redemption Bonds to the cancellation account (Sw. makuteringskonto) at Eurod ear Sweden, together with a simultaneous instruction to Eurociear Sweden to cancel the relevant Partial Redemption Bonds, whereafter such Partial Redemption Bonds shall be cancelled and may not be re-issued.
W/2773419/v3
30
9.7 Issuer's Purchase of Bonds
Subject to applicable law, the Issuer or any Group Company may at any time purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Issuer or any Group Company may at the Issuer's or any Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
10. Fees and Expenses
