W/2773419/V3
(l) The Issuer shall bear all reasonable costs for the Bond Trustee, the Security Agent and Eurociear Sweden (but shall not bear the Bondholders' costs) in connection with a Bondholders' Meeting.
(m) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(n) For the purpose of this Clause 15, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents a certificate from the nominee stating that the relevant Bondholder was the Bondholder of the Bond on the Record Date and the Nominal Amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder on the Record Date. A nominee of a Bond that is nominee registered may participate in a Bondholders' Meeting and represent such Bonds for which the nominee has been authorised to represent by the Bondholder.
16. No-action Against the issuer
(a) A Bondholder may not take any legal steps whatsoever to declare the Issuer in default or to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Issuer or the making of an administration order in relation to the Issuer or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Issuer in respect of any of the liabilities of the Issuer whatsoever, other than to the extent expressly permitted under the Finance Documents.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, if the Bond Trustee does not have the legal right (Sw. taleratt) to bring an action or initiate a proceeding under or in connection with the Finance Documents before the courts or other authority (the "Relevant Action"), the Bondholders shall jointly be entitled to take the Relevant Action against the Issuer to enforce their rights under the Finance Documents, subject to first following the procedures set out in (c) below.
(c) Before the Bondholders may take the Relevant Action pursuant to (b) above, the Bondholders shall notify the Bond Trustee of its intention to take the Relevant Action and shall request the Bond Trustee to convene a meeting of Bondholders in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Terms and Conditions for the purpose of determining whether the Bondholders should take the Relevant Action jointly against the Issuer, which resolution may be passed by a simple majority.
17. The Bond Trustee
