22
9.5 Early redemption due to tax event (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem the relevant Bonds on a date determined by the Issuer if the Issuer has or will become required to pay Additional Amounts in relation to any Bonds and this obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to the Issuer. The Bonds shall up to, but excluding, the Final Redemption Date be redeemed at an amount per Bond together with a premium on the due and payable amount at the Make Whole Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest).
(b) The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.5(a) no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(c) A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.5(a) is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.6 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6(a).
23
