(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6(a).
9.7 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled.
10. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on the date of the relevant Security Document the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
(b) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. As a condition precedent to the disbursement from the Proceeds Account, the Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents. The Transaction Security shall be perfected in accordance with the Security Documents.
(c) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
11. Information to Bondholders
