"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding if the interest period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, payments o f interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control" means that any investor or group o f investors which are under single control, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% o f the voting shares o f the Issuer.
"Construction C ontracts" means the following construction contracts relevant to the conversion and reconstruction o f the Vessels:
(i) the conversion contract between the Issuer and the Yard dated 5 November 2007;
(ii) the management contract between the Issuer and Equinox Energy Holdings Pte. Ltd. dated 21 November 2007; and
(iii) the engineering contract between the Issuer and Equinox Offshore Engineering Pte. Ltd. dated 2 March 2009.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Encum brance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, Hen, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way o f security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security other than (i) liens for current crew's wages and salvage, (ii) liens incurred in the ordinary course o f trading, and (iii) liens incurred in respect o f the conversion or reconstruction o f a vessel including any possessory lien o f the Yard.
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer established prior to the Issue Date and blocked in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
