Norsk Tiliifsmann ASA
(j) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps or instruments with similar effect).
(k) Financial assistance The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party not being a Group Company, except for guarantees issued in tire ordinary course of business and relating to the employment o f the Vessels.
(l) Financial indebtedness The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, take up any other Financial Indebtedness (other than the Bonds), except for in the ordinary course of business.
(m) Investment The Issuer shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall take part in any other activity other than solely related to the Vessels.
(n) Establishment o f Security Interest The Issuer shall procure that the Security Documents are established as soon as possible after the Issue Date.
(o) Bare-boat charterer The Issuer shall procure that any charter or bare-boat agreement relating to the Vessels must be entered into by the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary.
(p) Assignment o fSecurity Interest The Issuer shall procure that no Security Interest is assigned, mortgaged or pledged to any other party.
(q) Maintenance o f Vessels The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries shall, provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times. During operation of the Vessels, the Issuer shall ensure that its manager runs proper maintenance of the Vessels according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system. The Vessels shall also be adequately insured against Hull & Machinery risks at least to the full value o f the Vessels, and a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, as well as any additional insurance required under any other contracts.
