"Issue Date" means 15 January 2013.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's freely available and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents (on a consolidated basis), free of any encumbrance.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Fearnley Securities AS, Grev Wedels Plass 9, N-0107 Oslo, Norway.
"Margin" means 10% (ten per cent) per annum.
"M arket Value" means the aggregate fair market value of the Group's Vessels. The valuations shall be conducted without physical inspection at the Issuer's expense by two Approved Shipbrokers, and shall be made on the basis of a voluntary sale between willing buyer and willing seller, free of any charter or Employment Contract. The valuation shall be dated no earlier than 30 days prior to the relevant Quarter Date, and shall indicate the Vessels' value per same date for all vessels, and such valuation shall be made available to the Trustee semi-annually on each relevant Reporting Date (being 30 June and 31 December). The aggregate value shall be the arithmetic mean of the two valuations.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 15 January 2016. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Cost" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group less the aggregate gross cash interest income of the Group (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis).
"New Equity" means the issuance of new shares in the Issuer with net proceeds of minimum NOK 180.5 million for the purpose of equity injection (through the Subsidiary Vestland Offshore AS) in the Vestland PSV AS for part funding of the acquisition of the two new buildings, M/V "Vestland Cetus" and M/V "Vestland Insula" consisting of
