Issuer and/or any Group Company shall be entitled to provide cash security for the
the EBITDA that would have been needed to be in compliance with this covenant.
The cash security shall be in place until the Groups EBITDA is again sufficient to meet the covenant at which point the cash security shall be released;
(d) Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 30.0%;
(e) Asset Coverage Ratio; The Issuer shall ensure that the aggregate Market Value of the Group's Vessels is at least 125% of the Total Interest-Bearing Debt of the Group. If the aggregate Market Value of the Group's Vessels is not sufficient to meet this covenant, the Issuer and/or any Group Company shall be entitled to provide cash security for the Bond Issue in an amount equal to the difference between the reported Market Value of the Group's Vessels and Market Value of the Group's Vessels that would have been needed to be in compliance with this covenant again become compliant. The cash security shall be in place until the aggregate Market Value of the Group's Vessels is again sufficient to meet the covenant at which point the cash security shall be released; and
the Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer in a Compliance Certificate as set out in Clause 13.3 with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement on the respective Reporting Date. However, (e) above shall only be measured semi-annually from and including the Quarter Date 30 June 2013. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the lifetime of the Bonds.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 Expenses The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person), irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, set-off cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 Fee Agreement The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Tiustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
