"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Rig" means the semi-tender assist rig to be named BassDritl Beta with hull no. BT3500-01 currently under construction at the Yard pursuant to the Construction Contract.
"Rig Management Agreement" means the management agreement dated 1 May 2011 and entered into between BassDriU Beta Ltd. (Bermuda) and the Rig Manager as novated pursuant to the novation agreement dated 27 November 2012 and entered into by, amongst others, the Rig Manager, BassDriU Beta Ltd. (Bermuda) and the Issuer under which BassDnll Beta Ltd. (Bermuda) novated all of its rights and obligations under the management agreement to the issuer.
"Rig Manager" means BassDriU Management (USA) Inc., a company registered in the state of Texas with identification number 45-0577058 and 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Rig Manager Share Pledge" means the second priority, after the First Priority Facilities, share pledge over the shares issued by the Rig Manager granted by the Ultimate Parent, together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letter of resignation (effective upon Event of Default for which the Bond Trustee has issued a notice) from the current board members and covenant to such from future board members under Texas law.
"Rig Mortgage" means the second priority, after the First Priority Facilities, mortgage over the Rig including all equipment being legally part of the Rig under Panamanian law.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S, Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authority.
"Schedule" means the schedules to this Bond Agreement.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
