Interest on the Tranche B2 Bonds shall be payable on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption o f the Tranche B2 Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.2, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche B2 Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche B2 Maturity Date.
9.5 Tranche C2. If the Tranche C2 Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche C2 Bonds shall equal the Tranche C2 Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier o f (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche C2 Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.4, (ii) the acceleration o f the Tranche C2 Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche C2 Maturity Date.
9.6 Tranche C3. If the Tranche C3 Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche C3 Bonds shall accrue at a rate of 18.0% per annum from and including the Tranche C3 Issue Date; provided that in the event no Tranche C l Bonds remain outstanding on the Tranche C3 Issue Date and at least USD 55 million o f the Tranche C2 Bonds have been issued, interest on the Tranche C3 Bonds shall increase by the Tranche C3 Profit. Interest on the Tranche C3 Bonds (including, if applicable, the Tranche C3 Profit) shall be payable on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche C3 Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.5, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche C3 Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche C3 Maturity Date.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Loan Agreement, the maximum aggregate Profit and interest payable on the Tranche C l Bonds, Tranche C2 Bonds and Tranche C3 Bonds shall not exceed USD 22.75 million, which is equal to the sum of the Tranche C Profit (as defined in the Original Bond Loan Agreement) and the Additional Bonds Profit in respect of the Tranche C2 Bonds and Tranche C3 Bonds which constitute "Additional Bonds" under the Original Bond Loan Agreement.
41
LEGAL US E # 107147420.7
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
9.7 Tranche D. If the Tranche D Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche D Bonds shall accrue at a rate of 20.0% per annum from and including the Tranche D Issue Date and shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche D Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.6, (ii) the acceleration o f the Tranche D Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche D Maturity Date.
9.8 Additional Bonds. In the event that any Additional Bonds are issued (other than the Tranche B2 Bonds, the Tranche C2 Bonds and the Tranche C3 Bonds), interest on such Additional Bonds shall equal the Additional Bonds Profit, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Additional Bonds applicable to that Additional Bond issue. Unless otherwise agreed upon between the Obligors and the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Bondholders' Meeting for the relevant Tranche or the holders o f 75% of the Voting Bonds in the relevant Tranche) in accordance with this Bond Loan Agreement, the Additional Bonds Profit applicable to a particular Additional Bond issue shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) hill or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the applicable Additional Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.7, (ii) the acceleration of the applicable Additional Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the relevant Additional Bonds Maturity Date.
