(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
LEGAL US E # 107147420.7
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(k) The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and, to the extent the Bonds are listed, representatives of the relevant Exchange, have the right to attend any Bondholders' Meeting. The Chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
(l) Representatives of the Issuers have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuers have the right to be present at the voting.
16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings.
(a) At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond of the relevant Issue owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuers' Bonds. Issuers' Bonds shall not have any voting rights. For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.
(b) In all matters, the Issuers, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the Chairman being a Bondholder or not.
(c) In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue or of the face value of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable, must be represented at the meeting, subject to Clause 16.4. If less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue or o f the face value of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable, are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed, but such voting shall be solely for purposes of specifying the result thereof in the summons for any repeated Bondholders' Meeting as set forth in Clause 16.4(a).
