(iv) any Bond Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and
(c) All amounts owed by the Issuers hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Loan Agreement on the due date thereof.
(d) Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, Profit, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuers.
18.3 Limitation of claims. All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement for payment, including Profit, interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
18.4 Access to Information. The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, have access to the Securities Depositary for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Instruments registered in the Securities Depositary.
18.5 Amendments. All amendments of this Bond Loan Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise expressly provided for by this Bond Loan Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Bond Trustee and the Issuers may amend, supplement or otherwise modify this Bond Loan Agreement without the consent of any Bondholder to effectuate the issuance of the Tranche C2 Bonds, Tranche C3 Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds and any other Additional Bonds.
18.6 Notices and Contact Information.
(a) Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuers and
71
