(a) The Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(c) The nominal amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 1,000,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that (i) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and (ii) the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma including such Financial Indebtedness), the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The issue price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 2,000,000,000.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) Subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
12
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds), less the Transaction Costs, to facilitate the Issuer's acquisition strategy, refinance debt and general corporate purposes of the Group.
