"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts (however, not exceeding 90 days), or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Intertrust (Sweden) AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556625-5476, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 15 (Bondholders' Meeting).
