(b) Notwithstanding Clause 8.2(a) above, Bonds held by the Issuer may be cancelled (i) in connection with a full redemption of the Bonds in order to cater for such full redemption of the Bonds, and (ii) if the Issuer has purchased all Bonds and the Issuer cancels all, but not some only, of the Bonds.
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the Final Maturity Date, at an amount per Bond equal to (i) the Make Whole Amount, or (ii) if the Bonds are redeemed in full by way of one or several Market Loans issues, at any time from and including the date falling 33 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final
15
Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 8.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent in accordance with the instructions of Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
8.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 9.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the Listing Failure Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 8.4(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 8.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 8.4 by virtue of the conflict.
