"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
2
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) the shares of the Issuer cease to be listed on NASDAQ Stockholm or any Regulated Market replacing NASDAQ Stockholm, or (ii) any person or group of persons acting in concert gains control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer, and where "acting in concert" means, a group of persons, who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. The Compliance Certificate provided in connection with a Restricted Payment and/or incurrence of Financial Indebtedness which requires the fulfilment of the Incurrence Test shall include calculations and figures in respect of the applicable Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Bonds from time to time.
"EBIDTA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
