(n) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(p) If a decision is to be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) an Affiliate of the Issuer, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such
27
Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer.
(q) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the each person registered as a Bondholder on the date referred to in Clause 14(f)(i) and 14(f)(ii) and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
15. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Bondholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.
(b) The notice pursuant to Clause 15(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be a Bondholder in order to exercise Bondholders' rights at a Bondholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(c) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
