Agent: Applicable Law:
The Notes are denominated in Swedish kronor (SEK).
Swedbank AB (publ), Brunkebergstorg 8, 105 34 Stockholm, Sweden
Swedish Trustee AB, Strandvägen 35, SE-114 56 Stockholm, Sweden.
The Notes have been issued in accordance with Swedish law.
10
Information about Fabege Company description The Company, Fabege AB (publ), with company registration number 556049-1523, was formed on 6 December 1946 in Sweden. Its trade name (i.e. the name used for marketing purposes) is Fabege. The Company is a public limited liability company and is regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The Company's shares are traded on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm with the ticker FABG. The registered office of the Company is in Stockholm and the Company's registered address is Box 730, 169 27 Solna, Sweden. In accordance with the Company's articles of association, adopted on 30 March 2011, the objects of the Company are to acquire, manage, improve and sell properties and conduct such other activities as are compatible therewith. Operations Fabege is a Swedish property company, focusing mainly on letting and managing office premises as well as property development. Fabege's business is highly concentrated to markets within the Stockholm region. The Fabege organisation supports the Company's business model, which is designed to create value regardless of the economic climate. The emphasis of the business model varies over time in response to changing market conditions, and the organisation is, therefore, structured to be flexible and adaptable. Fabege operates in three business areas, property management, property development and transaction.
Property management
Finding the right premises for a customer's specific requirements and ensuring that the customer is content is the essence of what Fabege does. The Company's approach is long-term and based on a close dialogue with the customer, which builds trust and loyalty on both sides. Active property management may also involve solving a large and complex move or helping a customer to find new premises in the Company's portfolio of properties. The business is divided into geographic areas where each sub-market is managed by a separate unit with a large degree of
