2
The financial costs could be higher and/or the refinancing possibilities could be limited or nonexistent when the Notes or other debt owed by the Company or the Group falls due and needs to be refinanced. This in turn could affect the Company's and/or the Group's liquidity and consequently affect the possibility to repay debt as it falls due and which in turn may have a significantly negative affect on the Company's financial position and result.
Interest rate risk
Other than equity, the Company's operations are mainly financed by loans from credit institutions. Interest expenses are therefore one of the Company's main cost items. Interest rate risk is defined as the risk that changes in interest rates affect the Company's interest expense. Interest expenses are mainly affected by, besides the extent of interest-bearing debt, the level of current market interest rates, credit institutions' margins and the Company's strategy regarding interest rate fixation periods. The Swedish market for interest rates is mainly affected by the expected inflation rate and The Swedish National Bank's (Sw. Riksbanken) repurchase rate (Sw. reporäntan).
Several of the Company's credit agreements include floating interest rates. The Company uses interest rate derivatives, mainly interest rate swaps, to manage interest rate risk. The interest rate derivatives are reported at fair value in the balance sheet and with changes in value in the profit and loss account. The derivatives implies that the market value of the Company's interest rate derivatives decreases if the market interest rates decrease, which in turn may have a significantly negative affect on the Company's financial position and result.
Technical risks
Real estate investments involve technical risks. A technical risk can be defined as the risk related to the technical operation of the property, such as the risk of defects relating to the construction of the property, other latent shortcomings or deficiencies, damages (for instance due to fire or other forces of nature) and environmental hazards. If any technical problems should occur, such occurrence may result in significantly increased costs for the property which in turn may have a significantly negative affect on the Company's financial position and result.
Operating and maintenance costs
Property management is generally associated with costs for operations and maintenance. Unexpected and extensive maintenance and renovation needs on property owned by the Company or the Group or increases in operating costs could have a significantly negative effect on the Company's earnings, cash flows, financial position and result.
