The Agent shall hold amounts recovered, net of costs (including legal costs) and expenses incurred in connection with the recovery, separated for the account of the Noteholders and distribute such amounts recovered promptly to the Noteholders in accordance with the terms of these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent shall as soon as possible forward information obtained by it hereunder to the Noteholders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by it under these Terms and Conditions unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct.
39
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the register of Noteholders kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes (Sw. skuldbok). On the Issue Date, the Issuer shall issue a power of attorney in favour of the Agent, authorising the Agent to obtain information from the register of Noteholders kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall request and provide such information to the Agent or re-new any power of attorney to obtain the relevant information issued hereunder.
The Issuer undertakes not to disclose any information regarding the Noteholders from the register of Noteholders kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes (Sw. skuldbok), other than to any extent the Agent is required to disclose such information pursuant to any law or order of any court of competent jurisdiction or pursuant to any direction, request or requirement of any central bank or any governmental or other authority.
The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature, unless otherwise specifically specified in these Terms and Conditions.
Power of Attorney
Even without a separate authorisation from the Noteholders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Noteholders against the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents in every matter concerning the Notes, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Notes and the Security Documents). The Agent may request that each Noteholder shall immediately provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder (in matters pursuant to which a power of attorney is necessary for the Agent to be able to represent such Noteholder) which does not comply with such request of the Agent.
