43
A Meeting is quorate where Noteholders representing not less than one-fifth (20%) of the Voting Loan Amount are present at the Meeting.
However, for the following types of matters, attendance (or with respect to a Written Procedure, votes) of Noteholders representing not less than three quarters (75%) of the Voting Loan Amount at the Meeting is necessary ("Extraordinary Resolution"):
(a) approval of an agreement with the Issuer or a third party regarding change of the Maturity Date, reduction of the loan amount, change of the designated currency for the Notes (unless this is subject to operation of law) and change of the applicable Interest Payment Dates, interest rate or other interest terms and conditions;
(b) approval of a change of debtor;
(c) change of Agent in accordance with Clause 18 (Change of Agent), and
(d) approval of an amendment of this Clause.
If a Meeting of Noteholders is convened and the necessary share of the Voting Loan Amount represented by Noteholders necessary for the meeting to be quorate has not been reached within thirty (30) minutes from the time scheduled for the Meeting of Noteholders, or with respect to a Written Procedure, the necessary votes have not been obtained by the Agent at the end of the scheduled time for filing of votes, the meeting shall be adjourned (and with respect to a Written Procedure, the time for filing of votes be prolonged) until the day which falls one week later (or, if such day is a not a Banking Day, the following Banking Day). If the Meeting is quorate for some, but not all, issues which are to be resolved upon at the meeting, the meeting shall be adjourned (or the time for filing of votes prolonged) after resolutions have been adopted on matters for which the meeting was quorate. Notice that a Meeting has been adjourned (or the time for filing of votes prolonged) and information regarding the time and place of the continued Meeting shall be sent to the Noteholders as soon as possible by the Agent through the agency of the CSD. When an adjourned (or prolonged) Meeting is resumed, the Meeting shall be entitled to adopt resolutions, including Extraordinary Resolutions, if Noteholders representing not less than one-tenth (10%) of the Voting Loan Amount as per the printout of the register of Noteholders which was presented in accordance with the above stated (taking into consideration what is stated below regarding nominees) are present at the meeting (or with respect to a Written Procedure, filed votes). The resumed Meeting shall commence with the preparation of a new voting register by the chairman (on the same principles as set forth above and based on the aforementioned printout of the register of Noteholders). Only Noteholders who are listed in such new voting register shall be entitled to vote at the meeting. A Meeting cannot be adjourned more than once.
Resolutions of a Meeting of Noteholders are adopted by means of a poll vote if any Noteholder so requests. Each Noteholder entitled to vote shall, in conjunction with voting, have one vote per Note (which constitutes a share of all outstanding Notes) which he holds.
