§ 20
Other than as explicitly stated below, with respect to Notes which are nominee registered pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act, upon application of these Terms and Conditions, the nominee shall be deemed to be the Noteholder.
In relation to Clause 17 fifth paragraph and Clause 19 of these Terms and Conditions, with respect to Notes which are nominee registered pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act, upon application of these Terms and Conditions, a party which is registered in the nominee list of owners (Sw. förvaltarförteckning) as being the holder of a Note shall be deemed to be the Noteholder.
§ 21
AMENDMENT OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The Issuer and the Agent are entitled to make any modifications of the Terms and Conditions which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or are made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.
45
In addition to the above, the Issuer and the Agent may make changes to these Terms and Conditions in order to facilitate the listing of the Notes with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. Other modifications or amendments to these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to a Meeting of Noteholder's according to Clause 19 (Meeting of Noteholders). Any amendments, as described above, shall be notified as soon as possible by the Agent to the Noteholders, in accordance with Clause 16 (Notices), by way of delivery of the amended Terms and Conditions duly executed by the Issuer.
§ 22 LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ETC. The Agent, the Issuing Agent and CSD shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Agent, the Issuing Agent or CSD would itself initiate or becomes subject to such conflict. Should the Agent, the Issuing Agent or CSD be prevented from performing their obligations under these Terms and Conditions due to a circumstance mentioned in the paragraph above, the performance of such obligation may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event. The Issuing Agent and CSD shall not be liable for any damage caused by or arising out of other circumstances, unless the person in question has been grossly negligent. None of the Agent, the Issuing Agent or CSD shall under any circumstances be liable for indirect damages. The provisions in this Section 22 shall not apply to the extent the provisions are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479).
