"Deep Driller 7" means the Singapore flag Baker Marine Pacific Class 375 rig, constructed at PPL Shipyard in 2008, registered on 16 January 2009 with official number 393969 and IMO number 8769755.
CK
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Deep Driller 8" means the Singapore flag KFELS Super B Class 350 rig, constructed at Keppel FELS Shipyard in 2009, with registration last renewed on 11 January 2010 with official number 394447 and IMO number 8768696.
"Drilling Contracts" means any charter contracts for the employment of the Rigs with oil companies unrelated to the Group and its owners, entered into either by any of the Issuers or any other Aban Group company.
"Disbursement Date" means the date when the cash proceeds are released from the Escrow Account.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Escrow Account" means an account opened by Deep Drilling 7 Pte. Ltd. in the Norwegian main office or branch of a reputable international bank selected by the Issuers with at least A- rating from Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 rating from Moody's Investors Services Limited, that is blocked and pledged in favor of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders in the Cash Tranche) and into which the net cash proceeds from the Cash Tranche shall be transferred on the Issue Date. The monies in the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3.1, or repaid as provided for under Clause 6.
"Earnings Accounts" means the respective account established in the name of each of the Issuers in the Singapore main office or branch of a reputable international bank selected by the relevant Issuer with at least A- rating from Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 rating from Moody's Investors Services Limited, into which (i) all earnings of the relevant Issuer shall be paid into, and (ii) all other net earnings related to each of the Rigs, the Sub-charter Agreements or each of the Drilling Contracts shall be paid directly from the relevant contracting party as the case may be. The Earnings Accounts shall be charged in favor of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), but not blocked unless there is an Event of Default.
