13.9.2
13.9.3
The Guarantor shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Reports under Clause 13.9.1. (c), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Guarantor's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13.9.1. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 2 hereto, signed by any two members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Guarantor has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuers shall cover all their own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuers and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuers and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuers' insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuers shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuers are not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fees due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuers shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds.
14.5 The Issuers are responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
