(b) Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, subject to Clause 12.2.
(a) If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer
(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause Error! Reference source not found.2 (a) within five Business Days prior to a payment date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.
(c) Amounts payable in respect of Costs, Taxes and other liabilities shall be payable hi the currency in which they are incurred.
12.3 Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
12.4 Interest in the event of late payment
(a) In the event that all Outstanding Bonds are not redeemed in full on or prior to the Maturity Date, the Outstanding Bonds shall bear interest from the Maturity Date at an interest rate of 10.00 percentage points ("Default Interest"). For the purposes of calculation of Default Merest, the Bonds shall have a maturity price of 115% of the principal face amount of the Outstanding Bonds.
(b) The interest charged under this Clause 12.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Default Merest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
