20. THE BOND TRUSTEE
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, inform the Bondholders and the Paying Agent of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is expressly set forth in this Bond Agreement.
(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Except as provided for in Clause 20.1(e), the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding on all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
(d) Except as provided for in Clause 20.1(e), the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding on all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 20.1(c) provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation.
UKDOCS/1507009 12
- 33-
Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
(e) The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clause 20.1(c) or 20.1(d) matters set forth in Clause 19.3(e), except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
