Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
(f) The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(g) The Issuer and the Bondholders shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to this Clause 20.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 19.3(e).
20.2 Liability and indemnity
(a) The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
(b) The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) in respect of its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
20.3 Change of Bond Trustee
(a) A change of Bond Trustee may be implemented pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 20. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
