"Charter Contract" means the bareboat charter party originally dated 13 January 2011 as amended on 5 August 2011, and 30 March 2012, between the Charterer and the Parent for the chartering of the Security Vessel (excluding seismic equipment) until 30 June 2020 at a bareboat charter rate of US$ 38,465/day and as novated to the Issuer. Such novation to become effective between the parties simultaneously with the disbursement from the Escrow Account.
"Charter Guarantee" means the guarantee originally dated 13 January 2011 as amended on 5 August 2011 and executed by the Charterer Guarantor guaranteeing in favour of the Parent the obligations of the Charterer under the Charter Contract and as assigned to the Issuer. Such assignment to become effective between the parties simultaneously with the disbursement from the Escrow Account.
"Charter Guarantor" means Cie Generate De Geophysique-Veritas SA ("CGG Veritas SA) (company registration number 969 202 241 RCS Paris), incorporated under the laws of France.
"Co-operation Agreement" means the agreement originally dated 5 August 2011, between the Parent, the Charterer and the Charter Guarantor and relating to the co-operation between the parties thereto in upgrading the Security Vessel, as assigned to the Issuer. Such assignment to become effective between the parties simultaneously with the disbursement from the Escrow Account.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to eject or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
