"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 10.00 per cent. of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Minority Shareholders" means the direct shareholders of Textilia Group (except for Litorina) holding, together with Litorina, 100.00 per cent. of all of the shares in Textilia Group.
"Mortgage Certificate" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the definition of Pledge over Mortgage Certificate Agreement.
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556383-9058, 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash or Cash Equivalents investment (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents, including funds held on the Escrow Account, of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Incurrence Test, in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted to include all Finance Leases.
