(h) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity has provided security, provided that the debt secured with such security is Permitted Debt in accordance with paragraph (g) of Permitted Debt above;
(j) provided in relation to the Permitted Basket.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Physical Certificate" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the definition of Business Mortgage Pledge Agreement.
"Pledged Group Companies" means Textilia AB and Textilia Tvätt & Textilservice AB.
"Pledged Limited Partnerships" means each of Tvättlången KB, Tvättkarlen KB, SimÖren KB and SimRim KB.
"Pledge over Mortgage Certificate Agreement" means the pledge agreement regarding a first priority pledge over the electronic mortgage certificate granted in the real estate Karlskrona Svarvaren 6 registered with the Swedish Land Registration Authority (Sw. Lantmäteriet) with registration number 8001482 (in an amount of SEK 10,000,000 within SEK 10,000,000) (the "Mortgage Certificate") entered into between Tvättkarlen KB and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in
14
its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) at the latest twenty five (25) Business Days after the Issuer has acquired all of the shares in Textilia Group. "Purpose of the Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 4.2. "QIB" has the meaning set forth in 5.7. "Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market. "Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repaid in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption and repayment o f the Bonds). "Refinancing Debt" means the SEK 320,000,000 (originally SEK 250,000,000) existing loan facilities (or any refinancing thereof) raised under an agreement entered into by Textilia Group, Textilia AB and certain Ancillary Borrowers (as defined in such agreement) (as borrowers), the Bank (as lender) and certain Subsidiaries (as guarantors) on 4 November 2011 (as amended and restated on 25 June 2013 and as further amended and restated from time to time) but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any SEB Factoring Arrangement or SEB Leases. "Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments). "Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months. "Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1 (Distributions). "SEB Factoring Arrangement" means the maximum SEK 30,000,000 factoring arrangement pursuant to an agreement titled "Avtal Blockbelåning nr 6036" between Textilia Tvätt & Textilservice AB and the Bank dated 2 September 2008 and as amended on 29 June 2010 through the agreement titled "Ändring av villkor ifakturabelåningsavtal" (and as further amended from time to time).
