"Shareholder Loans" means any loans of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries, from current and previous direct or indirect shareholders, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such shareholder loans (a) according to its terms and pursuant to a subordination agreement or similar agreement satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably) between the relevant creditor and the Agent, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (b) according to its terms have a final maturity date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date, and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest.
16
"Share Sale and Subscription Agreement" means the share sale and subscription agreement between Litorina and the Issuer to be entered into on or about the Issue Date setting out (i) the sale of all of Litorina's shares in Textilia Group to the Issuer for partial Cash Payment and partial consideration in kind (Sw. apport) (both pro rata to current shareholdings) (ii) the draft Transfer Notes, (ii) an undertaking that the Issuer will approve the non-cash issue of shares (Sw. apportemission) and (iii) a reduction of share capital of SEK 500,000, constituting the initial share capital of the Issuer prior to the non-cash issue of shares is completed, such amount to be paid to Litorina and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not constitute a Restricted Payment.
"STIBOR" means the interest rate published on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm's website (or such other system or on such other page which may replace the mentioned system and page, respectively) at approximately 11 a.m. CET on each Interest Determination Date or, if no such quotation exists, in all cases as determined by the Issuing Agent, using the average of four Nordic commercial banks' (determined by the Issuing Agent) quoted interbank market interest rates in Stockholm or, if only one or no such quotation is available, the interest rate which according to the Issuing Agent's assessment is the interest rate offered by Swedish commercial banks for lending SEK one hundred million (100,000,000) for the relevant period of time on the interbank market in Stockholm;
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" means any issue of Subsequent Bonds.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw.
17
