"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw.
statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source o f similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Textilia Group" means Textilia Group AB, reg. no. 556825-4337, c/o Textilia, P.O. Box 1544, 701 15 Örebro, Sweden.
"Textilia Group Share Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) regarding a first priority pledge over all of the shares in Textilia Group.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (a) the Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, (b) the repayment o f the Refinancing Debt (c) the set-up of and arrangements regarding shareholdings in the Issuer and subsequent transfer of shares in Textilia Group to the Issuer and (d) the listing of Bonds on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable).
"Transfer Notes" means the transfer notes to be entered into between the Issuer and each of the Minority Shareholders in the form set out in the Share Sale and Subscription Agreement setting out the sale of each of the Minority Shareholders' respective shares in Textilia Group to the Issuer for partial Cash Payment and partial consideration in kind (Sw. apport) (bothpro rata to current shareholdings).
18
"U.S. Securities Act" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.6.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 19 ( Written Procedure).
