one occasion per each twelve month period during the first three (3) years after the Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount, plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 2.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 30.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 70.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering) and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount equal to the applicable Call Option Amount for the relevant period and shall for the period from the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First Call Date be at a price of 102.96 per cent. of the Nominal Amount and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
12.1 Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to
29
shareholders, (iv) repay or pay interest under any Shareholder Loans, (v) grant any loans except to Group Companies or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made by any of the Subsidiaries if such Restricted Payment is made to the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis.
12.2 Listing of Bonds
