(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests;
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer or any other Group Company, resulting in that such shares are quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held by the Bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Existing Security and Guarantees" means all security and any guarantees (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt security pursuant to
5
any SEB Factoring Arrangement and the SEB Leases), provided in relation to the Refinancing Debt. "Final Maturity Date" means 4 April 2019. "Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness (which shall for the avoidance of doubt include any Finance Lease) whether paid, payable or capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any Transaction Costs or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis. "Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents, the Agent Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document. "Finance Lease" means an arrangement treated as a finance lease in accordance with the principles provided by the IFRS. "Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of: (a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans; (b) the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Leases; (c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the
