If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 15 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to 102.96 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or, if the Bonds are declared due and payable on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent and the Security Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds, the enforcement of the security provided pursuant to the Security Documents or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non
41
reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure; (b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date); (c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and (d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents. Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal. 16.2 If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 15.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 15.1. 16.3 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of the Bonds and/or enforcement of any security provided pursuant to the Security Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as reasonably practicable. 16.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.
42
