19.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 19.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.
19.4 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure within ten (10) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request
47
from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD. 19.5 When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 17.5 and 17.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17.5 or 17.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. 20. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 20.1 The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Documents, provided that: (a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the
Holders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; (b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; (c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders; or (d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders). 20.2 The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver. 20.3 The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
48
20.4 An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT OR SECURITY AGENT
21.1 Appointment of Agent
