#3635367/2
the Issuer that such Subsidiary or JV Company would have been a Material Company had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date.
"M aterial JV Company" means any JV Company whose (i) total assets exceeds at least 5% of the combined total assets of the Group and the JV Companies and/or (ii) total income exceeds at least 5% o f the aggregate of the combined total income of the Group and the JV Companies.
"M aturity Date" means 3 October 2017 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"M LP" means a limited partnership whose limited partnership shares are traded on a regulated market place or securities exchange and (i) which has been established by a sponsor; (ii) which is managed and controlled by a General Partner with a number of limited partners (without voting rights in the MLP) as investors; and (iii) in which the profit is paid to the partners based on "available cash" with an aim of maximizing the M LP's distributions, but so that the actual distributions are determined in the General Partner's discretion.
"M LP Transaction" means a transfer o f assets by the Issuer to an MLP where the Issuer controls, directly or indirectly, 100% of the voting rights and equity o f the General Partner and at least 50% of the equity of the MLP.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two - 2 --Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference R ate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two - 2 - Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Bank to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NO K" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
