"NIBOR Reference R ate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two - 2 - Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Bank to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
#3635367/2
7 (33)
"P arty " means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Paym ent Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Pro-form a Equity Ratio" means Book Equity to Pro-forma Total Assets.
"Pro-form a Total Assets" means, at any time, Total Assets plus, to the extent not included in the Total Assets pursuant to GAAP, any capital expenditures incurred or committed after the date of this Bond Agreement (except for any capital expenditures incurred or committed in respect of the three vessels under the newbuilding program of the Group in place at the date of this Bond Agreement).
