In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC as applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual financial statements.
"Acquisition" means the transaction where the Issuer through a wholly owned Swedish Subsidiary (BidCo), acquires 100 per cent. of the shares in the Target Company from the Sellers.
"Acquisition Agreements" means the two agreements that BidCo has entered into with the Sellers respectively regarding the Acquisition.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or any Affiliate of the Issuer, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Bank Accounts" means a SEK and a EUR bank account of the Issuer, both held with Nordea Bank Finland Plc, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which have been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee) under the Bank Accounts Pledge Agreement.
"Bank Accounts Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Bank Accounts and all funds held on the Bank Accounts from time to time, granted in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee).
