(i) the Additional Purchase Price for the calendar year ending on 31 December 2015 to be released from the Bank Accounts and paid to the Sellers upon receipt of a statement from the Issuer confirming the EBITDA of the Target Group for the relevant period and the amount of earn-out to be paid in accordance with the Acquisition Agreements, supported with a copy of the Target Group's financial statements for the same period; and
(b) For the purpose of this Clause 4.2 the "Additional Purchase Price" for the years ending 31 December 2015 respectively 31 December 2016 shall be calculated on a linear basis with reference to the Target Group's EBITDA for the relevant calendar year. No Additional Purchase Price will become payable if the Target Group's EBITDA during any of the financial years equals SEK 70,000,000 or less and the full Additional Purchase Price (being a maximum aggregate amount of SEK 70,000,000) will become payable if the Target Group's EBITDA equals SEK 110,000,000 during any of the financial years, in each case calculated in accordance with the Acquisition Agreements.
(c) The maximum aggregate amount payable for the calendar years 2015 and 2016 is SEK 70,000,000. The Additional Purchase Price can be paid out during any of the calendar years depending on the Target Group's EBITDA, in each case calculated in accordance with the terms of the Acquisition Agreements. Any part of the Pre-Funded Earn-Out Amount relating to the calendar year ending on 31 December 2015 which does not become payable in accordance with the terms of the Acquisition Agreements, may be carried forward and become payable together with the Additional Purchase Price 2016 in accordance with the terms of the Acquisition Agreements.
17
(d) The Issuer has the right to instruct the Trustee to apply any amounts standing to the credit of the Bank Accounts towards mandatory amortisation in accordance with Clause 10.2.2 (Mandatory amortisation of the Pre-Funded Earn Out Amount). Any amounts standing to the credit of the Bank Accounts after 28 February 2017 shall be applied towards mandatory amortisation in accordance with Clause 10.2.1 (Mandatory amortisation of the Pre-Funded Earn-Out Amount).
5. Transfer Restrictions
(a) The Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
(b) The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIB") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act.
(c) Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act, (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), (e) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the U.S. Securities Act and (f) to the Issuer.
