It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfill or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect other than the discontinuation of Issuer's business relating to Freddy (whether linked to Freddy Store AB or any other Group Company).
15.10 Equity Injection
An amount of at least EUR 2,000,000, has not been contributed to the Issuer within two (2) months from the Second Amendment Effective Date. For the purpose of calculating the aforementioned amount the Issuer shall be allowed to include the EUR 1,575,592 which was contributed on 24 November 2017.
32
15.11 Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Trustee is entitled to, and shall following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 15.11(d), on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Trustee determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Trustee may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15.11(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(c) The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Trustee decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
