(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with paragraph (a) above with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 21.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Trustee may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
19. Written Procedure
(a) The Trustee shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may send a communication in accordance with paragraph (a) above to each Bondholder with a copy to the Trustee.
37
(c) A communication pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to paragraph (a) above). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
(d) When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 17(e) and 17(f) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17(e) or 17(f), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
