(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
(a) The Issuer may repay at two occasions per calendar year an aggregate amount not exceeding SEK 100,000 per calendar year of Nominal Amount per Bond (rounded off to a multiple of SEK 1,000), without carry-back or carry forward, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata.
W/4279837/v3
21 (44)
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer on an Interest Payment Date and by giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to partially redeem the Bonds with the applicable amounts.
(c) The amount of repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount, plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 3.00 per cent of the amount to be repaid, and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
10.5 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of fifteen (15) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.5(a).
