A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
The nominal amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Initial Bonds as of the First Issue Date is SEK 1,500,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer may, on one or several occasions, provided that (i) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and (ii) the Incurrence Test is met, issue Subsequent Bonds amounting to SEK 500,000,000. Subsequent Bonds may be issued to par or above or below par. The Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 2,000,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 15.7. Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due to e.g. the Bondholders nationality, residency, registered address or place(s) of business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden,
