9.5 9.5.1
The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase any Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
Equity Claw Back
The Issuer may on one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to thirty-five (35) per cent of the Total Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on a Business Day within one hundred and eighty (180) days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event). The percentage repaid of each individual Bond shall equal the percentage repaid of the Total Nominal Amount plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and shall before the First Call Date be the price set out in paragraph (a) of the Call Option Amount definition above, and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
Repayment in connection with an Equity Listing Event shall be made by the Issuer by giving no less than ten (10) Business Days' prior notice and no more than sixty (60) Business Days' prior notice to the Bondholders and the Agent before the relevant repayment date, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date.
Voluntary total redemption (call option)
As from (and including) the First Call Date, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Bonds on any Business Day falling before the Final Maturity Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at a price corresponding to the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any).
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
