Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
16(35)
9.5.2 9.6 9.6.1 9.6.2 9.6.3 9.6.4
9.6.5
The Issuer may give written notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 9.5.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Redemption Date and the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101) per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) Business Days following written notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event, as applicable (the "First Exercise Period") after which time period such right shall lapse. However, the First Exercise Period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event, as applicable.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.6.1 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.6.1. The Redemption Date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the First Exercise Period.
