Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101) per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) Business Days following written notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event, as applicable (the "First Exercise Period") after which time period such right shall lapse. However, the First Exercise Period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event, as applicable.
After the expiry of the First Exercise Period, the Issuer shall within five (5) Business Days serve a notice to the Bondholders stating the Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds which have been requested to be repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.6 (the "Put Request Nominal Amount")
If the Put Request Nominal Amount exceeds seventy-five (75) per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased on the same terms during a period of ten (10) Business Days from the date the notice stating the Put Request Nominal Amount (the "Second Exercise Period") is effective. Such notice shall also specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.6.4. The Redemption Date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the Second Exercise Period.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.6, the Issuer may
17(35)
9.6.6 9.6.7 9.6.8 10. 10.1 10.1.1
10.1.2 10.1.3
comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.6 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
