Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 9.4 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), 9.5 (Early redemption due to illegality), 9.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option) 10.1.2, 13.3, 14.4, 15.17, 16.1, 17.1, 18.3, 19.2.10 and 19.4.1 shall also be published on the website of the Group, and as from the date when the Bonds have been listed by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 24.2.1, if, after the Bonds have been listed, any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTES
