Redemption at maturity
Purchase of Notes by Group Companies
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. Notes held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold, or if held by the Issuer, cancelled by the Issuer.
Voluntary total redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full any time from and including the first Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date, to but excluding the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer by giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the specified Redemption Date.
