The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
11(29)
9.5 9.5.1 9.5.2 9.5.3 9.5.4
9.5.5 9.5.6
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1 and 9.5.2.
If Noteholders representing more than 80 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1 or 9.5.2, send a notice to the remaining Noteholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5.4. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 9.5.4.
