"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882 1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-10390 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Security Agent, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Senior Finance Documents" means the Finance Documents, the Super Senior RCF Documents, any New Debt Documents and any Hedging Agreement.
"Share Pledge" means the pledge by the Parent of all of the shares in the Issuer in favour of the Secured Parties.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means the agreement between the Parent and the Security Agent (on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties) evidencing the Share Pledge.
"Sponsor" means Altor Fund Manager AB (on behalf of and as manager to Altor Fund IV (No. 1) AB and Altor Fund IV (No. 2) AB), a limited liability company incorporated in Sweden with registration no. 556962-9149 or any other limited liability company where Altor own and control, directly or indirectly, ninety (90) per cent. of the share capital and voting rights and where the remaining share capital or voting rights are owned and controlled by partners, ex partners and/or employees of any Altor fund and/or any of its advisory companies.
"Subordinated Loan" means any loan granted or to be granted to the Issuer by any direct or indirect shareholders of the Issuer, provided that (i) such loan is fully subordinated to the
A35421476 11
Secured Obligations in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) any repayment of, or payment of interest under, any such loan is subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. "Subsequent Notes" means any Notes issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions. "Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with IFRS. "Super Senior RCF" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Intercreditor Agreement. "Super Senior RCF Agent" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Intercreditor Agreement. "Super Senior RCF Creditors" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Intercreditor Agreement. "Super Senior RCF Documents" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Intercreditor Agreement. "Super Senior Creditors" means the Super Senior RCF Creditors and the Hedge Counterparties. "Super Senior Debt" means all indebtedness to the Super Senior Creditors outstanding under the Super Senior RCF Documents and the Hedging Agreements. "Third Party Disposal" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Intercreditor Agreement. "Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time. "Transaction Security" means the Security to be provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents. "Transaction Security Documents" means: (a) each document listed in Schedule Schedule 1 (Transaction Security Documents);
