2.6 The relationship between the Noteholders and the Super Senior Creditors will be governed by the Intercreditor Agreement, which, among other things, in its original form will implement the following principles:
2.6.2 in case the Issuer becomes Insolvent, the Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer under the Notes will be subordinated to the Financial Indebtedness owed by the Issuer under the Super Senior Debt;
2.6.3 in case of enforcement of the Transaction Security, any enforcement proceeds will be applied towards repayment of the Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer under the Super Senior Debt before being applied towards redemption of the Notes subject to the provisions set out in the Intercreditor Agreement; and
2.6.4 if Conflicting Enforcement Instructions (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) are provided by the Agent or the Super Senior RCF Agent, the Agent and the Super Senior RCF Agent must enter into consultations for a period of maximum thirty (30) calendar days as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement (unless such consultation is waived by the Agent and the Super Senior RCF Agent).
2.7 The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. Furthermore, all Note transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Note transferees upon completed transfer.
2.8 The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "U.S. Securities Act") and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, except outside the United States in an offshore transaction, as defined in, and meeting the requirements of, Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
2.9 No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.
A35421476 14
3 Use of Proceeds
