7.1 The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.
7.3 The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. For the purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out of the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.
7.4 The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain
A35421476 17
information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.
7.5 The Issuer and the Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 7.3 and 7.4 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
8 Right to Act on behalf of a Noteholder
8.1 If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.
8.2 A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.
