8.1 If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.
8.3 The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 8.2 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to the contrary.
9 Payments in Respect of the Notes
9.1 Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Notes requested by a Noteholder pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date.
9.2 If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
9.3 If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.
9.4 If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
A35421476 18
9.5 All amounts payable by the Issuer to the Noteholders shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden or any authority thereof or therein unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation or the interpretation or application of such laws or regulations. If such withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will (i) at the request of the relevant Noteholder pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as are necessary in order that the net amount received by the relevant Noteholder, after such withholding or deduction (but taking into account the amount of any tax credit that may be effectively used by the relevant Noteholder), shall be equal to the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction, and (ii) at the request of the Agent, deliver to the Agent evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
