(iv) any time from and including the first Business Day falling forty-eight (48) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Redemption Date at an amount per Note equal to 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice and not more than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
A35421476 20
11.4 Voluntary redemption (IPO Event)
11.4.1
The Issuer may, provided that the Notes have been and remain listed at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market), on one or more occasion in connection with an IPO Event, redeem in part up to forty (40) per cent. of the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding from time to time at a price equal to 103 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (or, if lower, the call option amount set out in Clause 11.3 (Voluntary redemption (call option)) for the relevant period), together with any accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount, provided that at least sixty (60) per cent. of the aggregate Initial Nominal Amount of the Notes remains outstanding.
11.4.2 Partial redemption pursuant to Clause 11.4.1 shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1).
11.4.3
Partial redemption pursuant to Clause 11.4.1 shall occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such IPO Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
