Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of thirty (30) days from the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control Event (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of thirty (30) days from the date of the occurrence of the relevant Listing Failure Event (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
11.6.3
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1 and 11.6.2.
11.6.4
If Noteholders representing more than 90 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 11.6, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1 or 11.6.2, send a notice to the remaining Noteholders informing that the Issuer will redeem the remaining outstanding Notes and shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6.4. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1 or 11.6.2.
11.6.5
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.6, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and
A35421476 22
