16.2 The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 16.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
A35421476 31
such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
16.4 The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
16.5 If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
16.6 If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
16.7 In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 16, up to, but excluding, the First Call Date the Issuer shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus the Applicable Premium, together with accrued but unpaid Interest, and thereafter, as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs, the redemption amount specified in Clause 11.3 (Voluntary redemption (call option)), together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
17 Distribution of Proceeds
17.1 All payments by the Issuer relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Clause 16 (Acceleration of the Notes) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees shall be distributed in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
