19.2 The notice pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
19.4 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Noteholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting person may convene the Noteholders' Meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Noteholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Noteholder provide the Noteholder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person to open the Noteholders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting person.
19.5 At a Noteholders' Meeting, the Noteholders (or the Noteholders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. The Noteholders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Noteholders' Meeting instead of the Noteholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Noteholder.
19.6 If requested by the Agent, the Issuer may attend a Noteholders' Meeting along with each of its representatives, counsels and assistants.
19.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
20 W ritten Procedure
20.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Noteholder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.
20.2 A communication pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 20.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive
A35421476 36
