22.2 Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents. The Security Agent and Agent (as applicable) shall represent the Noteholders (and the other Secured Parties in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement), by holding the Transaction Security, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and the Guarantees pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement on behalf of the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security, the pledge over the Escrow Account and claim under the Guarantees on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, the perfection of the Transaction Security or the pledge over the Escrow Account, or the validity, enforceability or the due execution of any of the Finance Documents.
22.2.2
Upon request by a Noteholder, the Agent may distribute to the Noteholders any information from such Noteholder which relates to the Notes (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Noteholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent may upon request by a Noteholder disclose the identity of any other Noteholder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
22.2.3
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
22.2.4
The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Noteholders or any other person and no opinion or advice by the Agent will be binding on the Noteholders.
22.2.5
