"Group Company" means the AEA SGLT Holding II LP or any of its Subsidiaries, including the Target.
"Initial Bonds" means the Tranche 1 Initial Bonds and the Tranche 2 Initial Bonds.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it (i) is deemed to be insolvent, or (ii) admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of the Danish Insolvency Act (Act no. 11 of 6 January 2014 as amended from time to time) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), (iii) suspends making payments on any of its debts or (iv) by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Section 1a (Restructuring) in the Danish Insolvency Act (Act no. 11 of 6 January 2014 as amended from time to time) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or (v) is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 8 (Interest).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 27 June, 27 September, 27 December and 27 March of each year or, to the extent such day is not a banking day in Denmark or Norway, the subsequent banking day in Denmark and Norway. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 27 September 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
6
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Issue Date" means the First Issue Date and any subsequent date when issuance of Subsequent Bonds takes place.
