"Acquisition" means the acquisition by the Issuer of all shares issued in the Target.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount, less the aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"AEA Investors" means AEA Investors SBF III LP or an Affiliate thereof, including other funds managed by AEA Investors LP.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into between the Agent and the Issuer on or about the First Issue Date regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Applicable Interest Rate" means (i) in respect of the Tranche 1 Bonds, the Tranche 1 Interest Rate, and (ii) in respect of the Tranche 2 Bonds, the Tranche 2 Interest Rate.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner or nominee with respect to a Bond.
