23
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.6 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
10. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on or about the First Issue Date the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
(b) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Document. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Document and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Document on or about the First Issue Date.
(c) Upon the acquisition of any entity financed entirely or partially by proceeds from the issuance of Bonds, the Issuer shall procure that the following Transaction Security shall be granted to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent as continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations:
