(a) The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds is SEK 250,000,000. All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The minimum permissible investment upon issuance of the Bonds is SEK 1, 000, 000.
(e) Except as set out in Clause 5 (Transfer restrictions) below, and subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(f) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with (i) the Existing Facility, but will pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement (A) receive proceeds from the enforcement of the Shared Security and Permitted Property Disposal Proceeds relating to a disposal of the real property Stockholm Timotejen 19 only after the obligations under the Existing Facility have been repaid in full and (B) will rank with first priority with respect to any proceeds from the enforcement of the Bond Only Security and to the Permitted Property Disposal Proceeds relating to a disposal of the real property Stockholm Timotejen 28 (ii) all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
11
3. Use of Proceeds
The Net Proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be exclusively applied as follows:
