(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Bonds Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 13.1 (Information from the Issuer) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1 (Information from the Issuer) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1
16
(Information from the Issuer). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4(a).
10.5 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
11. Shared Security
