16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) talcing, delaying or omitting any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action is in the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Tmstee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes
32 (38)
may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
