"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Form o f Compliance Certificate), signed by the Issuer (i) certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report, including calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test (to the extent applicable) and (iii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report to be delivered pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of Clause 18.15.1, including calculations and figures in respect of Excess Cashflow and (iv) confirming the amount standing to the credit of the Mandatory Prepayment Account for the time being.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Eligible Institution" means any bank, financial institution, trust, fund or other entity which is regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities or other financial assets.
3
"Enforcement Proceeds" means the proceeds from (i) any enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees and (ii) any other Enforcement Action (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. "Environmental Claim" means any claim, proceeding, formal notice or investigation by any person in respect of any Environmental Law. "Environmental Law" means any applicable law or regulation which relates to:
(a) the pollution or protection of the environment; (b) the conditions of the workplace; or (c) the generation, handling, storage, use, release or spillage of any substance which, alone
or in combination with any other, is capable of causing harm to the environment, including, without limitation, any waste.
"Environmental Permits" means any permit and other Authorisation and the filing of any notification, report or assessment required under any Environmental Law for the operation of the business of any member of the Restricted Group conducted on or from the properties owned or used by any member of the Restricted Group. "Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 19.1. "Exit" means an initial public offering of the shares and/or Convertibles of the Issuer or any Restricted Group Company or the merger of the Issuer or a Restricted Group Company with a company whose shares are listed on a regulated market, an MTF or any other trading facility. "Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Transaction Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document. "Final Redemption Date" means 28 June 2021. "Finance Lease" means any lease or hire purchase contract, a liability under which would, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, be treated as a balance sheet liability (other than a lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with the Accounting Principles in force on the date of this Agreement, have been treated as an operating lease).
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of: (a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
