"Environmental Permits" means any permit and other Authorisation and the filing of any notification, report or assessment required under any Environmental Law for the operation of the business of any member of the Restricted Group conducted on or from the properties owned or used by any member of the Restricted Group. "Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 19.1. "Exit" means an initial public offering of the shares and/or Convertibles of the Issuer or any Restricted Group Company or the merger of the Issuer or a Restricted Group Company with a company whose shares are listed on a regulated market, an MTF or any other trading facility. "Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Transaction Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document. "Final Redemption Date" means 28 June 2021. "Finance Lease" means any lease or hire purchase contract, a liability under which would, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, be treated as a balance sheet liability (other than a lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with the Accounting Principles in force on the date of this Agreement, have been treated as an operating lease).
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Lease; (c) receivables sold or discounted (including without limitation any receivables sold on a
non-recourse basis); (d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; (e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit
from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account, provided that if
4
any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead); (f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and (g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f). "Financial Report" means financial statements which shall be prepared and made available according to paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of Clause 18.15 {Information Undertakings). "First Call Date" means the date falling eighteen (18) months after the Issue Date. "First Issue Date" means 28 June 2018. "Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 31.1. "Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. "Group Company" means each member of the Group. "Guarantee" means the guarantees provided by the Guarantors under the Guarantee Agreement. "Guarantee Agreement" means the guarantee agreement dated on or before the First Issue Date entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Security Agent pursuant to which the Guarantors guarantee the Secured Obligations. "Guarantors" means: (a) Aligera Vind Ett; (b) Aligera Vind Två; (c) Aligera Vind Tre; (d) CB Vind; (e) Tomet Vind; and (f) thereafter, any Restricted Group Company which becomes a Guarantor in accordance with Clause 8 {Transaction Security and Guarantees). "Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond. "Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 22 {Holders 'Meeting). "Holding Company" means, in relation to a Person, any other Person in respect of which it is a Subsidiary. "Initial Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. "Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.
5
"Initial Nominal Amount" means:
