57
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
30.1.2
Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 30.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 30.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 30.1.1.
30.1.3 Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
31. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
31.1 Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
31.2 The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
31.3 Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from talcing any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
