information to any Holder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
10. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER
10.1 If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of authorisation for such Person.
10.2 A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Holder.
10.3 The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clauses 10.1 and 10.2 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
11. PAYMENTS
11.1 Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
11.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any other payment that shall be made under the Finance Documents shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits will be effectuated by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effectuate payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
11.3 If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 12.4 during such postponement.
