11.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any other payment that shall be made under the Finance Documents shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits will be effectuated by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effectuate payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
11.4 If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 11, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.
11.5 The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse
30
any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by virtue of any withholding tax.
12. INTEREST 12.1 Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from
(but excluding) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance (or the First Issue Date if there is no such Interest Payment Date) up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. 12.2 Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period. 12.3 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360days basis). 12.4 If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due date up to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is two-hundred (200) basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
13. PREFERENCE RETURN 13.1 Upon a redemption of Tranche 1 Bonds pursuant to Clauses 14.3 {Early voluntary redemption
by the Issuer (call option)), 15.1 {Excess Cashflow) or 15.2 {Mandatory Redemption of Bonds), the Issuer shall, on the date of such prepayment, pay a preference return corresponding to twenty (20.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount redeemed. 13.2 Upon the earlier of: (a) the Final Redemption Date; and (b) the date when the Bonds (including accrued and unpaid interest) have been redeemed
