"Aligera Vind Ett" means Aligera Vind Ett AB (reg. no. 556909-1696).
"Aligera Vind Tre" means Aligera Vind Tre AB (reg. no. 556909-1720).
"Authorisation" means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, notarisation or registration.
l
"Bonds" means the debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse), for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds. "Bridge Facility" means the SEK 45,600,000 bridge facility originally dated 6 April 2018 (as amended and/or restated) between the Bridge Facility Lender as lender and Aligera Vind Ett, Aligera Vind Två, Aligera Vind Tre, CB Vind and Tornet Vind as borrowers. "Bridge Facility Lender" means PRIME Capital Debt SCS SICAV-FIS Robus Recovery Sub Fund. "Budget" has the meaning given to that term in paragraph (e) of Clause 18.15.1. "Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays. "Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day. "Calculation Principles" means the principles set forth in Clause 16.2 (Calculation Principles). "Call Option Price" means: (a) prior to the First Call Date, the Make Whole Amount; (b) any time on or after the First Call Date to, but not including, the date falling six (6)
months after the First Call Date (the "Second Call Date"), 103.75 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; (c) any time from an including the Second Call Date to, but not including, the date falling six (6) months after the Second Call Date (the "Third Call Date") at a price equivalent to 101.875 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; and (d) any time from and including the Third Call Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date at a price equivalent to 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, in each case together with accrued but unpaid interest on the prepaid amount up to the relevant date of prepayment. "CB Vind" means CB Vind AB (reg. no. 559001-3792). "Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
2
"Change of Control" means any person or group of persons (other than an Underwriter or any of its Affiliates) acting in concert gains direct or indirect control of the Issuer. For the purposes of this definition:
(a) "control" of the Issuer means:
