33
(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling forty-two (42) months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
(e) Notwithstanding paragraph (c) above, any redemption notice given by the Issuer in respect of redemption of Bonds shall be irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, provided that such conditions precedent shall have to be fulfilled no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the scheduled Call Option Redemption Date or the redemption notice shall be null and void.
10.3 Early redemption - Equity clawback (a) The Issuer may at any time from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First Call Date, if it gives no less than ten (10) days' and no more than sixty (60) days' prior notice to the Bond Trustee, use the net cash proceeds received from one or more equity offerings made in connection with an IPO (which net cash proceeds are received by the Group or contributed to the Group as Subordinated Loans or to the equity, together with any cash on the Issuer's balance sheet) towards redemption of Bonds (in part) at a price equal to 102.75 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds (the "Equity Clawback"), provided (in each case) that:
(i) the maximum aggregate amount of such redemption of Bonds does not exceed 35 per cent. of the amount of the Initial Bond Issue; and
(ii) at least 60 per cent. of the amount of the Initial Bond Issue remains outstanding after such partial redemption.
