(i) the maximum aggregate amount of such redemption of Bonds does not exceed 35 per cent. of the amount of the Initial Bond Issue; and
(b) Any amount for which the Equity Clawback is exercised shall be applied for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD, and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds being redeemed shall be paid together with principal on the date of such early redemption, provided that such
34
interest shall not be included in the calculation of the amount of Bonds the Issuer is permitted to repay in accordance with this provision.
(c) For the avoidance of doubt, redemption in accordance with this Clause 10.3 may be exercised in addition to the Call Option in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption Call Option).
10.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the thirty (30) days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds (outstanding immediately prior to the exercise of the Put Option) have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day following the date of such notice.
