publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three 3 Business Days from the date of the notice.
(i) a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount following the notice of a Change of Control Event; and
(ii) a price equal to the prevailing Call Option price following the notice of a Material Asset Sale Event.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (a) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
27 (48)
10.5 Mandatory redemption upon a Total Loss Event Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly, but in any event no later than 90 days following the Total Loss Event, redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
