for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent.
12.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Agent and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. A Holders' meeting can however only be held at the request of any Holders four (4) times each year if the issues that shall be decided upon at the meeting are not related to acceleration of the Bonds according to Section 11. If the Agent establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Agent must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Agent determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing. Furthermore, the Agent must not convene a Holders' meeting if the meeting would be held at the request of any Holders and if there has been four (4) Holders' meeting during the relevant year at the request o f any Holders and the issues that shall be decided at the requested meeting are not related to acceleration of the Bonds.
(b) Notice shall be given to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section t6 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered its owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. The Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or. in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Agent of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 500,000 held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group Company shall not entitle any voting right and shall
13
not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds represented at the meeting. In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casled and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds (2/3) when (!) one of the situations from a special undertaking in accordance with Section 10 is waived, (2) amendment o f a provision in these Terms and Conditions, subject to (ii) below;
(ii) three quarters (3/4) when (I) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount and (3) amendment of the provisions in this Section 12.2(c).
