(g) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted.
12.3 Replacement of Agent and Issuing Agent
The Agent may not resign as agent or transfer its position as agent, unless the Company has given its prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, save where the Agent is obliged to resign or transfer its position as agent by operation of law or regulation or where the Company has, in a not immaterial way, failed to fulfil its obligations towards the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Agent has made the Company aware thereof. No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within thirty (30) days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
15
If the Agent or the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Agent or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent or Issuing Agent as Agent or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The Company may also appoint a new Agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent, if the Agent has, in a material way, failed to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Company has made the Agent aware thereof.
12.4 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Section 11.8 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Sections 11 and 12.1.
13 Amendments of the Terms and Conditions
