The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Section 11.8 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Sections 11 and 12.1.
13.1 The Agent may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms and Conditions as long as such amendment does not limit the obligation of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, to the Agents discretion, may materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders or that such amendment is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions. Subject to decisions of the Holders in accordance with Section 12, the Agent may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments.
13.2 When the Bonds are listed on OMX, the Agent may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing, as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders.
13.3 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Section 16, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
14 Prescription
14.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Final Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be limited and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment have been limited and void.
14.2 If such term of limitation periods are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with
16
respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period as such date is determined pursuant with the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
