"I,.. RcferenGe^ankCpriaibeMargin.'; - v ,, ·
When the interest,'ig;setTor.thefirst tim i"and~3n subsequent interest rateTesets, the next Interest Payment .Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be ' notified to-the Bondholders in writlngTdathe Securities Depository. This ' ' - · communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified o f the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/1Oth of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days o f the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person Will be nominated by the-Chief Justice o f the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3. ""
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixingdate to the next of the maturity date. The, number of days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may anytime from Disbursement Date up to, but not including Interest Payment Date in May 2009 redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan at 103 % of par plus accrued interest (Call Option).
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed o f this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
