(i) upon a Vessel Disposal Event, not later than 30 calendar days following such event, redeem the pro rata portion of the Outstanding Bonds (such pro-rata portion to be based on the number of Existing Vessels disposed of in such Vessel Disposal Event relative to the number of Existing Vessels owned by the Group prior to the Vessel Disposal Event) at a redemption price as set out under Clause 10.2 ( Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) (with the redemption price to be based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred) (plus accmed interest on the redeemed Bonds); or
(b) Following the completion of a Vessel Disposal Event, an amount equal to 50 per cent, of the amount of any excess cash remaining (the "Excess Cash") from such disposal after deducting the related portion of any Senior Bank Facility and the redemption of Outstanding Bonds as described in paragraph (a)(i) above, shall be transferred to an escrow account (pledged in favour of the Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders) and solely be applied for the purpose of acquiring Outstanding Bonds, and such Bonds when acquired shall be immediately redeemed and discharged.
L_8617528_V I 17.02.17 94121-011
28/55
10.5 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 {Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) For 40 days from the Issue Date (the "Compliance Period"), the Bonds may only be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred to (i) a non-U. S. person in an offshore transaction or (ii) a person whom the seller and/or any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. Each person transferring Bonds during the Compliance Period is required to obtain a certificate from the transferee certifying as to such transferee's status as a nonU.S. person or QIB, as the case may be.
(b) After the expiration of the Compliance Period, Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) to the Issuer, (b) pursuant an effective registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), (c) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" ("QIB") (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (d) to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction satisfying the requirements of Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and (e) in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) and (f) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
