11.2 Restrictions (a) For 40 days from the Issue Date (the "Compliance Period"), the Bonds may only be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred to (i) a non-U. S. person in an offshore transaction or (ii) a person whom the seller and/or any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. Each person transferring Bonds during the Compliance Period is required to obtain a certificate from the transferee certifying as to such transferee's status as a nonU.S. person or QIB, as the case may be.
(c) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
L 8617528 VI 17.02.17 94121-011
29/55
(d) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
11.3 Trading of the Bonds (a) The Bonds will be blocked for all trading in the CSD and all trading in the Bonds will be made through Euroclear and all buyers and sellers of Bonds must therefore have or open a securities account with Euroclear or have an agreement with an authorized nominee in Euroclear holding the Bonds on behalf of the subscriber or become a direct or sponsored member of Euroclear. No other International Central Securities Depository or other nominee can hold the Bonds in the CSD and may therefore not be a substitute to Euroclear.
(b) The Bonds shall only be offered to (i) non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" (each as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and (ii) to persons located in the United States, its territories and possessions that are QIBs in transactions meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB.
(c) The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
12. GUARANTEE
