13.3 Compliance Certificate The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2 subparagraphs (c) and (d) above confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clauses 13.2(e) and 14 unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
13.5 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. In no event shall any of the companies StormGeo AS, StormGeo Ltd, Impact Weather Inc, Seaware AB or the Target be a party to any of the aforementioned transactions without any new shares being issued as a consequence thereof being pledged as Security for the Bonds on a first priority basis.
13.6 De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. In no event shall any of the companies. StormGeo AS, StormGeo Ltd, Impact Weather Inc, Seaware AB or the Target be a party to any of the aforementioned transactions without (i) any new shares being issued as a consequence thereof being pledged as Security for the Bonds on a first priority basis, and (ii) assets having been granted as Security for the Bonds is continuing as Security for the Bonds also after the completion of such de-merger.
13.7 Continuation of business The Issuer shall not and shall ensure that StormGeo AS, StormGeo Ltd, Impact Weather Inc, Seaware AB, the Target and any other Group Company shall not, cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement if this would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.8 Disposal of business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or asubstantial part of its assets or operations, unless:
22
-v-l-X.->.-^-. ^-_-r:.-'.-..-.-vjlli'!V'.-'--':-:.r~tVj\.-Jr.T--.c.
ll.TCCOCCOvC-Tri r^:TT-K">V5.":.-:."::;..".--.
Execution Version
