The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 14.2.1 (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 14. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a Compliance Certificate, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
14.2.4 The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:
(a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and
(b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
14.3 General Covenants
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee o f any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect. -3
