"Nemo" means the Issuer's participating interest at any time in Norwegian production license 148 together with Issuer's corresponding rights, interests, entitlements and obligations under all existing and effective agreements relating to such interest.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, (Oslo time), on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is "NIBOR Reference Banks" as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo interbank market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment
6
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean o f the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate months commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Oselvar" means the Issuer's participating interests at any time in Norwegian production licenses 274 and 274 CS together with Issuer's corresponding rights, interests, entitlements and obligations under all existing and effective agreements relating to such interests.
