"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted by application of the Business Day Convention.
"Issuance Certificate" means an issuance certificate relating to the issuance of Subsequent Notes, in the form of Appendix 1 hereto, duly completed and signed by the Issuer.
"Issue Date" means, in respect of the Initial Notes, the First Issue Date and, in respect of any Subsequent Notes, the date specified in the relevant Issuance Certificate.
"Issuer" means OPR-Vakuus Oy, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with business identity code 1993902-6.
"Issuing Agency Agreement" means the agreement dated 5 May 2017 regarding services related to the Notes entered into by and between the Issuer and the Issuing Agent in connection with the issuance of the Initial Notes (as amended and restated from time to time).
"Issuing Agent" means Nordea Bank AB (publ), Finnish Branch acting as issuer agent (Fin: liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) and paying agent of the Notes for and on behalf of the Issuer, or any other party replacing the same as Issuing Agent in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions or the other Finance Documents.
"Minimum Collateralisation Ratio" means, at any time, the sum of (i) the Revolving Security Pool Value and (ii) the amounts standing to the credit of the Blocked Bank Account, which sum is divided by the Total Exposure.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.4.
