When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Euro has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Euro for the previous Business Day, as published by the European Central Bank on its website (www.ecb.int). If no such rate is available, the most recent rate published by the European Central Bank shall be used instead.
ISSUANCE, SUBSCRIPTION AND STATUS OF THE NOTES
The Notes are denominated in Euro and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
The Notes are offered for subscription in a minimum amount of EUR 100,000 by way of a private placement. Notes shall be offered for subscription through a book-building procedure. The subscription period shall commence on 10 May 2017 and end on 11 May 2017. Bids for subscription shall be submitted during regular business hours to Nordea Bank AB (publ), Finnish Branch, Aleksis Kiven katu 9, Helsinki, FI-00020 NORDEA, Finland, tel. +358 9 369 50880. Subscriptions made are irrevocable. All subscriptions remain subject to the final acceptance by the Issuer. The Issuer may, in its sole discretion, reject a subscription in part or in whole. The Issuer shall decide on the procedure in the event of over-subscription. After the final allocation and acceptance of the subscriptions by
11(44)
the Issuer each investor that has submitted a subscription shall be notified by the Issuer whether and, where applicable, to what extent such subscription is accepted. Subscriptions notified by the Issuer as having been accepted shall be paid for as instructed in connection with the subscription. Notes subscribed and paid for shall be created by the CSD and routed by the Issuing Agent to the Book-Entry Securities System to be recorded to the respective book-entry accounts of the subscribers on a date advised in connection with the issuance of the Notes in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing book-entry system and book-entry accounts as well as regulations and decisions of the CSD.
2.3
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder, and, by acquiring Notes, each
subsequent Noteholder (i) agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the
