"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.4.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant Person, that it (i) is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Section 1 of Chapter 2 of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Fin: Konkurssilaki 120/2004, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), (ii) admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, (iii) suspends making payments on any of its debts, (iv) by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (Fin: Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta 47/1993, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or (v) is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Instructing Group" means (i) at any time when the Total Commitments (as defined in the Super Senior Facility Agreement) equal to or exceed thirty (30) per cent. of the sum of the Total Nominal Amount and the aggregate nominal amount of all the Additional Senior Secured Notes outstanding at the relevant time, the requisite majority of the Bank Creditors and (ii) at any other time, the requisite majority of the Noteholders and the holders of the Additional Senior Secured Notes, as more precisely described and calculated in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
5(44)
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement, dated on or about the First Issue Date, between, amongst others, the Issuer, the Agent, the Bank Creditors and the Security Agent.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 7.1 to 7.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 18 May and 18 November of each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from the application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 18 November 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted by application of the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means 8.00 per cent. per annum.
