(c) The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4(b) is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation and evidence. The Agent does not have any obligation to review the document and evidence referred to in Clause 4(b) from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.
(e) Once the Acquisition has been completed, the Issuer shall promptly grant the security provided for in paragraph (c) under the definition of Security Documents.
(f) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within thirty (30) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(f). The repurchase date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be
15
registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
