(iv) any time from and including the first Business Day falling 42 months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling 45 months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 102.40 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
18
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Mandatory total redemption
(a) If the Acquisition is not completed by 31 March 2018 (unless the time period is extended in accordance with the SPA and the Issuer has notified the Agent of such extension) and a pledge over the Acquisition Escrow Account Agreement has been entered into, the Issuer shall take all actions available to it under the Acquisition Escrow Account Agreement and otherwise to ensure that all Bonds are redeemed at a price of 101.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest, as soon as practicably possible.
(b) The Issuer shall give notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4(a) no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of the event specified therein.
(c) A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.5 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
