(iii) increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the Net Finance Charges directly attributable to any Financial Indebtedness incurred under any Subsequent Bonds, calculated as if such debt had been incurred at the beginning of the relevant Reference Period.
(a) If there is a breach of the test of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA or the Interest Coverage Ratio test, no Event of Default will occur if, within thirty (30) Business Days of a delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate evidencing that breach, the Issuer has received equity injection in cash in the form of a share issue or an unconditional shareholder contribution and has deposited such equity injection in an amount sufficient to ensure compliance with the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and/or the Interest Coverage Ratio test, as at the relevant test date (the "Cure Amount") on a bank account (the "Cure Account") pledged in favour of the Bondholders and the Agent.
(b) The Agent may at any time, upon the instruction by the Bondholders after a decision carried out in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), apply the deposited Cure Amount towards prepayment of the Bonds pro rata (each an "Equity Cure"). Any such repayment shall be made with a premium in accordance with Clause 9.3, unless the repayment shall be made before the First Call Date in which case subparagraph (a)(ii) of Clause 9.3 shall apply.
23
(c) The calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be adjusted so that the Net Finance Charges for the Reference Period is reduced with an amount equal to the Cure Amount multiplied with the average interest rate paid by the Issuer under the Bonds after taken into account payments and receipt under the hedging arrangements during the previous twelve (12) month period. Any Equity Cure shall for the calculation of Interest Coverage Ratio be counted in any calendar quarter and shall be included in the financial covenant calculations until such time as that calendar quarter falls outside the Reference Period.
(d) The calculation of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be adjusted so that the Net Interest Bearing Debt for the Reference Period is reduced with an amount equal to the Cure Amount.
(e) If there is a breach of the minimum cash threshold as set out in Clause 12.1(a)(iii), no Event of Default will occur if, within thirty (30) Business Days of a delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate evidencing that breach, the Issuer has received equity injection in cash in the form of a share issue or an unconditional shareholder contribution in an amount equal to the difference between the Cash and Cash Equivalents held by the Group on the relevant test date and USD 5,000,000.
(f) Any Equity Cure must be made in cash and no more than three (3) Equity Cures are to be made over the life of the Bonds. Equity Cures may not be injected in respect of any consecutive calendar quarters.
13. General Undertakings
