"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest Cover" means, in respect of any Reference Period, the ratio of (i) Consolidated EBITDA to (ii) Consolidated Financial Payable.
"Interest Payment Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 31 March and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus 1.95 per cent. per annum.
"Issuer" means Kungsleden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556545-1217.
"Issuing Agent" means Swedbank AB (publ), or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"MTF" means any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
