In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any other person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Swedish Trustee AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, 103 90 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Agent Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
1
"Applicable Premium" means the higher of (a) 1.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, and (b) an amount equal to (i) 103.50 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; plus (ii) all remaining scheduled interest payments on the Bonds until the First Call Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant redemption date) discounted (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the Swedish Government Bond Rate plus 50 basis points; minus (iii) the Nominal Amount.
