"Hydrocarbon Assets" means, at any time, all hydrocarbon (oil and/or gas) fields owned or held by any Group Company. Hydrocarbon Assets at the date o f this Bond Agreement are listed under "Field Assets" in Attachment 6 (Fields and Hydrocarbon Licences).
Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
"Hydrocarbon Licenses" means all permits, licenses, authorisations, consent, registrations, exemptions, certificates, notifications or other documents issued by any regulatory authority in United Kingdom and/or required by any applicable law or regulation in any part o f the United Kingdom in connection with the exploration and exploitation of any Hydrocarbon Assets, in valid form, duly issued under the relevant law by the relevant regulatory authority. Hydrocarbon Licenses held by any Group Company at the date of this Bond Agreement are listed under "License Number" in Attachment 6 {Fields and Hydrocarbon Licences).
"Hydrocarbon Machinery and Plant" means any machinery, equipment, movable property, pipelines and facilities owned by any Group Company and utilised in connection with the development, production, generation, processing, treatment, storage and transportation of hydrocarbons from a Hydrocarbon Asset.
"Hydrocarbon Real Estate" means any land, building or structure, including any item permanently attached to such land, building or structure, which contains Hydrocarbon Assets or is intended for the development, production, generation, processing, treatment and storage of hydrocarbons and is owned by any Group Company.
"Insurances" means any insurance from time to time taken out by or on behalf of any Group Company in respect of its assets and activities.
"Interest Payment Date" means 22 March and 22 September each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated semi-annual financial statements o f the Issuer for the semi-annual period ending on 30 September each year, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number o f the Bond Issue.
