18.1.3 18.1.4 18.1.5
The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 17.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
