(b) the present value on the relevant Record Rate of the remaining Interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders); 8
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent. of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420 8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Cash Position" means an amount equal to the Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group, less any amount drawn under the Permitted Credit Facility, on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Accounting Principles, calculated as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one month prior to the payment of the relevant Restricted Payment.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Incurrence Test, in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o fproceeds).
