In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means (i) until the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), the generally accepted local accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden and (ii) once the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), IFRS.
"Acquisition" means the acquisition of Satech by the Pledged Group Company.
"Acquisition Failure" means (i) that the Issuer has notified the Agent that the Acquisition will not be completed or (ii) that the Acquisition has not been completed, as described in Clause 16.1(a), on or before the date falling 14 Business Days after the Issue Date.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 calendar days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course o f business.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership o f voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
1
"Agent" means the Holders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden).
