"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Senior Debt" means the EUR 50,000,000 term loan and revolving facilities agreement entered into by Swedbank AB (publ) as lender and the Issuer as borrower on 29 January 2013.
"Senior Debt Security" means all security and guarantees provided in relation to the Senior Debt.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over all of the shares in the Pledged Group Company, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Shareholder Loans" means any loan raised by any Group Company from its current or previous shareholders (excluding other Group Companies), if such shareholder loan (a) according to its terms and pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement, is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, (b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in kind interest.
12
"Subsequent Bond Issue" means any issue of Subsequent Bonds.
"Subsequent Bond" means any Bond issued after the Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
