11.5
The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Voluntary partial repayment
The Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding EUR 10,000 (rounded off to a multiple of EUR 100) of principal debt outstanding on all, but not only some, of the Bonds on one Interest Payment Date per each Relevant Period as from the Issue Date until and including the First Call Date (without carry-back or carry forward), at a price equal to 103.00 per cent. o f the repaid Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid Nominal Amount, resulting in partial repayment o f all Bonds by way o f reduction o f the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The Issuer shall give not less than 20 Business Days' notice of the repayment in accordance with this Clause 11.4 to the Agent and the Holders.
