funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the relevant Group Company as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering), and the Issuer shall give not less than 20 Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus a premium on the repaid amount equal to the applicable Call Option Amount and shall for the period from the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First Call Date be at a price of 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of 30 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (e). The 30 calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.6 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Mandatory Partial Repayment upon an Acquisition Failure
Upon an Acquisition Failure occurring, the Agent shall procure that the EUR 20,000,000 which otherwise is designated for the Second Disbursement instead is applied towards partial repayment of all, but not only some, of the Bonds by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to a multiple of EUR 100), which repayment shall be made without premium but include accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid Nominal Amount. Such repayment shall be made by the Issuer on the first Interest Payment Date following the Acquisition Failure, subject to that the Issuer shall give not less than 15
21
Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. When a repayment in accordance with this Clause 11.7 has been completed, the pledge over the Escrow Account shall be released, provided that the Conditions Subsequent for the First Disbursement have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably).
