(d) If Bonds representing more than ninety per cent. (90%) of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day following the date of such notice.
23 (47)
on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax where a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date In the event that the conditions precedent and the conditions subsequent set out in Clause 6 (Conditions Precedent and Conditions Subsequent) have not been fulfilled at the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall immediately redeem the Bonds at a price of hundred and one per cent. (101%) of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer and any other Group Company may subscribe, purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's absolute and sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with local laws and applicable regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
