18.1 Limitation of claims All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
(b) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee to the extent permitted under applicable regulations, shall have access on demand to information on ownership of Bonds registered in the CSD. At the request of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Bond Trustee.
(c) The Issuer hereby irrevocable appoints each of the Bond Trustee and such persons employed by the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent as its attorneys with full power and authority to independently obtain information directly from the CSD. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney while the Bonds are outstanding unless directed by the Bond Trustee. The Issuer shall without undue delay issue separate powers of attorney, if so requested by the CSD.
(d) The information referred to in paragraph (b) and (c) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out duties and exercising rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD or the Bond Trustee with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
40 (47)
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
