effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 24.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 24.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 24.1.1.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 10.3, 10.4, 20.4, 11.3, 17.1, 18.1 and 19.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 24.2.1, if any information relating to the Notes or the Issuer contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
