"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.3.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to the Net Finance Cost.
"Interest Payment Date" means 6 April, 6 July, 6 October and 6 January of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 6 July 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means the 3 month STIBOR plus 6.00 per cent. per annum.
"Interest Receivable" means, in respect of any relevant Test Period, the amount of interest accrued due to any member of the Group during such Test Period.
"Issuer" means SBB i Norden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 559053-5174.
"Issuer Acquisition" means the acquisition of more than fifty (50) per cent. of the shares and votes in the Issuer by the Parent, completed on or about 16 January 2017.
