"Issuer" means SBB i Norden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 559053-5174.
"Issuing Agent" means Nordea Bank AB (publ), Reg. No. 516406-0120, SE-105 71 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Issuer Change Event" means an event whereby the Parent replaces the Issuer as issuer under the terms as set out in these Terms and Conditions following approval by the Noteholders pursuant to a Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure and the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer are assumed by and transferred to the Parent.
"Kuststaden Acquisition" means the acquisition of all the shares and votes in Kuststaden Holding AB, Reg. No. 556875-2173, by the Parent, completed on or about 16 January 2017.
"Listing Failure" means a situation where (i) the Initial Notes have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within four (4) months after the First Issue Date, (ii) any Subsequent Notes have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within sixty (60) Business Days after the relevant subsequent issue date, or (ii) at any time after such listing, the Notes cease to be listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market).
"Loan to Value" means, at any time, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of:
7
(a) the outstanding Financial Indebtedness (excluding guarantees and similar arrangements as well as any intra group loans) less Cash and cash equivalent investments; to
(b) the aggregate market value of the Properties as set out in the latest quarterly interim report or annual report (as applicable), or, when a Property has been newly acquired, the relevant external market valuations prepared in accordance with Clause 12.11, or, until a valuation is made in accordance with Clause 12.11, the purchase price for such Property.
