general corporate purposes, which include but is in no way limited to the financing of property acquisitions.
The Issuer shall provide to the Agent no later than four (4) Business Days prior to the First Issue Date the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions Precedentfor Settlement o fInitial Notes).
The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 and 4.4 is accurate, legally valid, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation. The documentation and evidence delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 and 4.4 are not reviewed by the Agent from a legal or commercial perspective of the Noteholders.
The Agent shall immediately confirm in writing to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Clause 4.1 have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), after which the Issuing Agent shall procure the settlement of the Initial Notes and transfer the proceeds to an account as instructed by the Issuer.
The proceeds from any Subsequent Notes shall be transferred to the Issuer once the Issuer has provided to the Agent a (i) Compliance Certificate (whereby the relevant test date for the ratios and calculations in respect of Interest Coverage Ratio, the Equity Ratio and the Loan to Value shall be the most recent Test Date) and (ii) a copy of a resolution of the board of directors or other persons authorised to exercise the relevant powers of the Issuer, approving the issue of Subsequent Notes. The Agent shall confirm in writing to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in this Clause 4.4 have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), after which the Issuing Agent shall procure the settlement of the Subsequent Notes and transfer the proceeds to an account as instructed by the Issuer.
Conditions for Issuer Change Event
Following a decision by the Noteholders on a Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure (as applicable) to approve the occurrence of an Issuer Change Event as set out in Clause 12.15.1 below, the Parent shall provide to the Agent the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedentfor Issuer Change Event).
The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 5.1.1 is accurate, legally valid, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation. The documentation and evidence delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 5.1.1 are not reviewed by the Agent from a legal or commercial perspective of the Noteholders.
The Agent shall immediately confirm in writing to the Issuer, the Parent and the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Clause 5.1.1 have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), whereby the change of issuer pursuant to an Issuer Change
