The Issuer shall procure that a valuation o f the Properties is prepared by a reputable external property appraiser appointed by the Issuer each Financial Year (on a rolling twelve (12) months basis). Such valuation shall be delivered to the Agent once available.
12.12.1
The Financial Covenants set out below apply to the Group and shall be tested and measured from the First Issue Date with the first Test Date being 30 June 2017. (a) The Interest Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.5:1. (b) The Equity Ratio shall not be less than twenty (20) per cent. at all times. (c) The Loan to Value shall not exceed eighty (80) per cent. at at any time.
12.12.2 The financial covenants set out in Clause 12.12.1 above will be tested on each Test Date, and in respect of the Interest Coverage Ratio, for the relevant Test Period.
12.12.3
For the purpose of determining compliance with the financial covenants set out above the twelve (12) month periods ending within twelve (12) months after any acquisition will include (by way of aggregation) the annualised actual consolidated results of the acquired target company for the initial part of the twelve (12) month period even though it was not then a part of the group, and actual net interest, interest paid and interest received for the period from completion of the relevant acquisition to the relevant testing date, will be annualised over the entire twelve (12) month period.
21
12.13 Admission to trading
The Issuer shall ensure (i) that the Initial Notes are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market within four (4) months after the First Issue Date, (ii) that any Subsequent Notes are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market within sixty (60) Business Days following the relevant subsequent issue date, and (iii) that the Notes, once admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Notes in close connection to the redemption of the Notes).
