"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it as agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Saturday or Sunday or other public holiday. Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Cash" means immediately available funds in bank or postal accounts.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby:
3
(a) any person or group of persons acting in concert: (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and have the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Parent, or (ii) have the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority o f the directors o f the board o f directors o f the Parent; or
(b) the Parent ceases to: (i) be the owner, directly or indirectly, and have the right to vote as it sees fit for, at least the percentage of shares and votes in the Issuer owned and controlled by the Parent on the First Issue Date calculated pro rata to all shares and votes in the Issuer, or (ii) have the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority o f the directors o f the board o f directors o f the Issuer.
