(iv) floating charges over each of the Issuer's and each Guarantor incorporated in Norway's machinery and plant (No. driftstilbehørspant), trade receivables (No. factoringpant); and
(b) The granting of the Transaction Security shall be subject to the Permitted Divestment.
21 (58)
EXECUTION VERSION
(c) Notwithstanding, the obligation to nominate on an annual basis Material Group Companies where Transaction Security shall be granted, if the assets or EBITDA of a Group Company incorporated in Norway constitute more than fifteen (15) per cent of the Group's assets or EBITDA (on a consolidated basis), that Group Company shall provide such security as mentioned in (vi) above.
(d) The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than the day before the Issue Date and shall be subject to a closing procedure (the "Closing Procedure") agreed between the Issuer, the Trustee, any RCF Lender (if applicable), any Hedge Counterparties (if applicable), the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Existing Bond Loan and any creditor in respect of the Existing Indebtedness. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account. Perfection of security shall be established as soon as possible on or after the first release of funds from the Escrow Account according to the terms of the Closing Procedure, meaning that any documents to be registered may be filed for registration on the date of disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue from the Escrow Account.
(e) The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be shared between the Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders), the RCF Creditors and any Hedge Counterparty (the "Secured Parties"), on a pari passu and pro rata basis in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and always subject to the waterfall provisions therein. The Trustee will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, act as security agent both in respect of the Pre Disbursement Security and the security provided in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
3.
THE BONDHOLDERS
