EXECUTION VERSION
(iii) Interest Payment Date in April 2019 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in October 2019 at a price equal to 101.725 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(iv) the Interest Payment Date in October 2019 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
In addition to such amounts payable under (i) - (iv) above, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
