10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Put Option
32 (58)
EXECUTION VERSION
Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all or parts, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date (a) In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have not been fulfilled within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, redeem the Bonds at a price of 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest, by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
(b) The Issuer shall have the right to repay Temporary Bonds with Existing Bonds (as payment in kind to the holders of the Temporary Bonds (valued at par value)). Any accrued and unpaid interest on the Temporary Bonds, call premium or other amounts payable under such Mandatory Redemption, shall be payable in cash, provided however, that the Issuer is entitled to withhold (by set-off) the 1% premium payable in respect of any Mandatory Redemption and any Existing Bonds to cover the Bondholders' reimbursement of the Buy Back Premium originally paid to the Existing Bondholders on the Issue Date
