10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date (a) In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have not been fulfilled within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, redeem the Bonds at a price of 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest, by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
10.6 Voluntary Partial Prepayment A maximum amount of up to 10% of the Initial Issue Amount may be prepaid in the time period from the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to 102.0 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, subject however to compliance with the Minimum Outstanding Amount.
10.7 Equity Claw-Back A maximum amount of up to 35 % of the Initial Issue Amount may be prepaid on one occasion following an Equity Event in the time period from the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to 102.0 % of the Nominal Amount, subject however to compliance with the Minimum Outstanding Amount. The amount prepaid pursuant to the Equity Claw-Back shall however be limited to the amount of new equity raised pursuant to the Equity Event.
33 (58)
EXECUTION VERSION
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained or sold in the Issuer's sole discretion (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), subject however to compliance with the Minimum Outstanding Amount.
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the voting rights pursuant to these Bond Terms , provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
