The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee may act as Bond Trustee or Bond Trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Bond Trustee is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Bond Trustee.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Bond Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Bond Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bond Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Bond Trustee is to make a determination under the Finance
