22. 22.1 22.2
23.2
new Bond Trustee the rights, powers and obligation of the Bond Trustee and releasing the retiring Bond Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Bond Trustee agrees otherwise, the new Bond Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Bond Trustee.
The Issuer and the Guarantor hereby expressly accept and confirm, for the purposes of articles 1278 and 1281 of the Luxembourg civil code, that notwithstanding any assignment, transfer and/or novation permitted under, and made in accordance with the provisions of these Terms and Conditions and the Guarantee or any agreement referred to herein to which the Issuer and the Guarantor is a party, any security created or guarantee given under these Terms and Conditions and the Guarantee shall be preserved for the benefit of the Bond Trustee (for itself and the Holders) and, for the avoidance of doubt, for the benefit of each of the Bond Trustee and the Holders.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS
A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Finance Documents.
