(f) provided in relation to any Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Permitted Basket, however, excluding any security granted over shares in any Group Company.
"PIK Intercompany Loans" mean any intercompany loans that will be entered into on or about the Issue Date between ED Midco and any of its Subsidiaries and between such Subsidiary and another Subsidiary (down to, but not below, ED DH7), pursuant to which the Triton Debt acquired by ED Midco in return for PECs shall be reacquired by the issuance of such intercompany loans and down-streamed down the Group to ED DH7, if such intercompany loans only yield payment-in-kind interest except EUR 750,000 per annum being the equivalent of the Restricted Payment permitted under Clause 12.1 (b).
"PIK Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement" means the first ranking pledge agreement entered into between ED Midco and/or the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge of all ED Midco's and/or the Issuer's, present and future money claims under the PIK Intercompany Loans.
"Polish Group Companies" means the Group Companies Polskie Ksiki Telefoniczne Sp. z o.o. (reg. no. 139724), ClearSense SA (reg. no. 80338) and pkt.pl Polskie Ksiki Telefoniczne Sp. z o.o. (reg. no 268645) and all their Subsidiaries from time to time.
12
"Prepayment Account" means the Issuer's bank account which has been designated as the prepayment account, held with the Escrow Bank which has been pledged under the Prepayment Account Pledge Agreement.
"Prepayment Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge over the Prepayment Account and all funds held on the Prepayment Account from time to time.
"Prepayment Amount" means an amount equal to:
(a) the Mandatory Cash Sweep Amount or Divestment Event Amount (as applicable) to be prepaid by the Issuer pursuant to a notice of Mandatory Partial Prepayment plus;
