"Call Option Amount" means:
(b) 103.25 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised after the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date up to, and including, the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised after the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to, and including, the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date;
(d) 101.75 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised after the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date up to, and including, the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date; and
(e) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised after the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date.
2
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being the present owners (or an Affiliate of the present owners) in the Guarantor, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer or the Guarantor and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the direct or indirect owners of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the governing body of the Issuer or the Guarantor.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and information on any Divestment Event having occurred, together with a confirmation that an amount equal to 75.00 per cent. of the net sales proceeds from such Divestment Event have been transferred to the Prepayment Account. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Group EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.1;
