Upon a Mandatory Cash Sweep Event or Divestment Event (as applicable), the Issuer shall make a partial prepayment at the Prepayment Amount by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata with the Mandatory Cash Sweep Amount or Divestment Event Amount (as applicable) (a "Mandatory Partial Prepayment").
If the aggregate Nominal Amount under all outstanding Bonds would fall below EUR 35,000,000 due to a prepayment in accordance with this Clause 11.4, the Issuer must also redeem all remaining outstanding Bonds at the Prepayment Amount when executing the Mandatory Partial Prepayment in question.
Equity claw back
Upon an Equity Listing Event, the Issuer may, at one occasion, repay up to 35.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided that at least 65.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering), and the Issuer shall give not less than 20 Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 5.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, or such lower amount as is set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds be repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of 30 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the occurred or contemplated Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.13.1(e). At least 10 calendar days of the 30 calendar days' period must fall after the occurrence of the Change of Control Event
23
11.6.2 11.6.3 11.6.4 12. 12.1
12.2
