11.6.2 11.6.3 11.6.4 12. 12.1
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.13.1(e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased should the Change of Control Event occur. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.13.1(e). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Banking Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.6 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Group Companies will, (i) pay any distribution and/or dividend on ownership rights, shares and/or PECs, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares (as applicable), (iii) redeem its share capital, PECs or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders or holders of PECs, (iv) repay or pay interest and/or yield under any Shareholder Loans and/or PECs, (v) grant any loans, or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to ED Midco's or its Subsidiaries' direct and indirect shareholders or holders of PECs or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders or holders of PECs ((i)-(vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made (a) by ED Midco or any of its Subsidiaries if such Restricted Payment is made to ED Midco or any of ED Midco's Subsidiaries (excluding the Polish Group Companies, in excess of the cap set out in Clause 12.12 (Limitation of financial support to Polish Group Companies)) and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not wholly-owned, is made on a pro rata basis and (b) by ED Midco and/or the Issuer if such Restricted Payment is made to shareholders of the Group and such Restricted Payment(s) does not exceed EUR 750,000 per annum.
Listing of Bonds
