Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3:
(b) three quarters (3/4) to (i) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Issuer, (ii) amend any payment day for principal or interest amount or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, and (iii) amend the provisions in this Clause 17.5.
Any matter not covered by Clause 17.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any waiver of the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 20.1 (a) or (b)) or termination of the Bonds.
If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Bond Trustee in a Written Procedure, will prevail.
Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 20 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Bond Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Bond Trustee's consent, as appropriate.
