"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of Security) granted by a Group Company.
"Future Exploration Facilities" means any exploration financing facilities obtained by any Group Company for financing of exploration activity on the Norwegian continental shelf based on the Norwegian tax refund regime.
"Gearing Ratio" means the ratio of consolidated Net Interest-Bearing Debt to EBITDAX for the Group.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantees" means unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law on-demand guarantees from each of the Guarantors securing the Obligor's obligations when they have become due under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses, with payment by the Guarantor to be made within 10 Business Days of any demand, such Guarantees to be qualified as required by Danish law with respect to any Danish Guarantor, (e.g. with respect to limitations to provide guarantee for any amount exceeding its equity), in each case such Guarantees only to become valid and enforceable with respect to the Bond Issue and the Oselvar Bond Issue upon completed unconditional and irrevocable discharge, release or reassignment of the first priority Security provided under the Huntington and Denmark Bond Issue, and "Guarantee" means any one of them.
"Guarantors" means the Huntington Subsidiary, the Danish Intermediate Subsidiary and the Danish Subsidiary.
"Huntington Disposal" means a transaction following which all or any part of the Huntington Licence (directly or indirectly) is being sold or disposed of.
"Huntington Earnings Accounts" means the accounts in the name of the Huntington Subsidiary charged in favour of the Bond Trustee pursuant to the second priority fixed charge as set out in the Debenture and into which all Project Proceeds relating to the Huntington Licence shall be paid.
