"Interest Rate" means a fixed interest rate of 6.75 per cent. per annum.
"Issuer" means TradeDoubler AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden (reg. no. 556575-7423, Birger Jarlsgatan 57A, 113 56 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, 103 91 Stockholm, Sweden) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance o f doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on any regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment undertakings under these Terms and Conditions and with the undertakings set out in Clause 11 (Special undertakings), or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or any Group Company representing more than 5.00 per cent. of the total net sales of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intragroup transactions) according to the latest Financial Report.
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556383 9058, 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Cash Position" means an amount equal to the Cash and Cash Equivalents less the aggregate gross interest bearing debt of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the annual audited financial statements for the previous financial year.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents of the
