"Affiliate" means any other person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
1
"Applicable Premium" means the higher of (a) 1.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, and (b) an amount equal to (i) 103.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount; plus (ii) all remaining scheduled interest payments on the Bonds until the First Call Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant redemption date) discounted (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the Swedish Government Bond Rate plus 50 basis points; minus (iii) the Nominal Amount.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date.
"Call Option Amount" means:
