The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds on any Business Day before the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 75.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of 60 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer o f the Change o f Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (e). The 60 calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change o f Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements o f any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
14
11.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
