"Investment Grade Rating" means a South African scale local currency rating of BBBby Global Credit Ratings or Baa3.za by Moody's Investor Services, or their equivalent for the time being, or better.
"Issuer" means Real People Investment Holdings Limited, 1999/020093/07, 160 Jan Smuts Avenue, North Tower, Upper Ground, Rosebank, Gauteng, South Africa, 2196.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415,103 91 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
6
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with the undertakings set out in the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer and any Material Subsidiary of the Issuer whose affairs are required to be consolidated in the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer.
"Material Subsidiary" means, save for any subsidiary earmarked for disposal in the Group's 2013 Annual Financial Statements, each subsidiary securitisation company and each subsidiary that is statutorily prohibited from providing guarantees, a Subsidiary of the Issuer which, at the time of relevant determination, represents more than ten (10) per cent of the total assets of the Group as per the consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer or of the Issuer's quarterly unaudited management accounts or accounts for more than ten (10) per cent of the Group's EBITDA based on the Issuer's quarterly unaudited management accounts.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which:
(a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately at 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist,
