(v) promptly notify the Agent when the Issuer is or becomes aware of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Business Cessation Event or (ii) that an Event of Default has occurred, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice.
(b) When the Bonds have been listed, the reports referred to under (i) and (ii) above shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IFRS and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (5w. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).
(c) When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 11.1(a), the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent.
(d) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(e) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 11.1 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 11.1.
11.2 Information from the Agent
The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may, if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders, delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
11.3 Publication of Finance Documents
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Agent (for the latter being Stamdata, for as long as Swedish Trustee AB (publ) is the Agent).
