(q) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, each Bondholder holding SEK Bonds shall have one vote for each SEK Bond and each Bondholder holding NOK Bonds shall have a number of votes for each Bond owned equal to the value in SEK converted at the Initial Exchange Ratio, based on the number of Bonds owned at close of business on the applicable Record Date (however, for the NOK Bonds, the last Business Day Norway before the date of the Bondholders Meeting or Written Procedure) or date set out in Clause 15(d)(ii) above in accordance with the records registered in the relevant CSD. For the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted Nominal Amount shall at all times be calculated based on the Initial Exchange Ratio.
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16(a) with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 19.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 16(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
17. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a
29
