"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5.
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event or a Material Asset Sale Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Rasmussengruppen" means Einar Rasmussen and any member of his immediate family (the "Family") (i) any trust created for the benefit of any member of the Family, and (ii) any entity controlled directly or indirectly (more than 50%, voting rights or capital) by any member of the Family.
"Reference Rate" shall mean NIBOR; (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Release Letter" means an irrevocable letter of undertaking duly executed by DNB Bank ASA in a form reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and DNB Bank ASA to be delivered by the Issuer to the Trustee as a Pre-Disbursement Condition, confirming that (i) the Parent, the Issuer and the Guarantors will unconditionally and irrevocably be released in full from its obligations under the Existing Facilities by payment of the principal amount outstanding under the Existing Facilities and interest accrued thereon as set forth in the loan statement to the bank account specified in such letter, (ii) all Security created under or in connection with the Existing Facilities, held by DNB Bank ASA as security under the Existing Facilities is released with effect from 45 Business Days (after first release of funds from the Escrow Account), and (iii) DNB Bank ASA will ensure that any and all endorsed pledge forms for publicly registered securities under the Existing Facilities are filed for deregistration as soon
1 6 (56)
as practically possible after repayment of any amount outstanding under the Existing Facility (and discharge of all Issuer's and any other Group Company's obligations under the Existing Facilities).
