(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (a) above.
31 (56)
Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect o f the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory redemption upon a Total Loss Event Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly, but in any event no later than 90 days following the Total Loss Event, redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
10.6 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date If the funds deposited on the Escrow Account have not been released from the Escrow Account and applied in accordance with the purpose as set out in clause 2.3 {Use o fproceeds) by the date that falls 90 Business Days after the Issue Date (the "Longstop Date"), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days thereafter (with the Record Date being two (2) Business Days after the Long Stop Date, redeem Bonds at a price equal to 101.00% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds to be redeemed).
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained or sold in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
