P‰‰j‰rjest‰jien intressit: Finanssimarkkinoilla normaali liiketoiminnallinen intressi.
P‰‰j‰rjest‰jill‰ ja niiden kanssa samoihin konsolidointiryhmiin kuuluvilla tahoilla voi koska hyv‰ns‰ olla lyhyit‰ tai pitk‰aikaisia sijoituksia Liikkeeseenlaskijan velka- ja p‰‰omainstrumentteihin, mukaan lukien vuonna 2019 er‰‰ntyviin velkakirjoihin ja voivat k‰yd‰ kauppaa tai tehd‰ muita j‰rjestelyj‰ niill‰ omaan tai asiakkaidensa lukuun.
Ei sovelleta. Yhtiˆ tai P‰‰j‰rjest‰j‰t eiv‰t veloita kustannuksia sijoittajilta.
37
RISK FACTORS
Investors considering investing in the Notes should carefully review the information contained or, incorporated by reference, in this Prospectus and, in particular, the risk factors described below and in the stock exchange releases to be published by the Issuer after the Listing. Factors possibly affecting the investment decision are also discussed elsewhere in this Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described herein, or any other risk, materialise, it may have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results o f operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value o f the Notes. The following description is a summary o f certain risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or that are considered by the Issuer to be material in order to assess the market risk associated with the Notes. This description is based on the information known and assessed by the Issuer at the time o f preparing this Prospectus, and, therefore, the description o f the riskfactors is not necessarily exhaustive. The risks involved in an investment in the Notes are not limited to those identified below and the sequence in which the following risk factors are listed is not an indication o f their likelihood to occur or o f the extent o f their commercial consequences. All investors should make their own evaluations o f the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.
The capitalised words and expressions in this section shall have the meanings defined in "Terms and Conditions o f the Notes'' and in section "Certain Defined Terms".
Risks Relating to Outokumpu and the Stainless Steel Industry
The global stainless steel industry is characterized by strong competition and unfair trade practices could adversely affect stainless steel p ric e s a n d reduce O u to k u m p u 's profitability, w h ile trade restrictions cou ld lim it O u toku m pu 's access to n ew export m arkets
