Risks Relating to Outokumpu and the Stainless Steel Industry
In recent years, stainless steel production capacity in Asia, particularly in China, has grown significantly, and Asian producers have transitioned from being net importers of stainless steel to being significant exporters to Europe and North America. While the global trade flows within the industry have started to stabilize, the problem of Asian overcapacity remains and is being exacerbated by the slowdown in Chinese economic growth. Following the introduction of antidumping measures in the form of import duties in 2015 by the European Commission against cold rolled stainless steel products from China and Taiwan, the import levels in Europe have decreased, particularly from China. The antidumping measures will lapse in five years unless an expiry review is iniated. While these trade protective measures in Europe seem to be successful, imports from other regions have partly replaced the imports from China and Taiwan. Market shares of European producers have stabilized and the introduction of the antidumping measures has helped to keep base prices in Europe quite stable. However, anticipated more significant increases in base prices have failed to materialize as the strongly declining nickel price has curtailed demand, especially among distributors. The overcapacity situation in China combined with continued low price levels remain a risk to Outokumpu. Further, the expiry of certain provisions of China's WTO Accession Protocol in December 2016 may result in China being granted the Market Economy Status under the WTO agreement or other legislative changes, which may result in China demanding the review of or challenging the imposed antidumping measures, which may adversely impact the effectiveness of the aforementioned imposed measures.
Supply and demand is more balanced in the North, South and Central America, but the pressure to export Asian overcapacity to the NAFTA region has been increasing over the past years. On February 12, 2016, Outokumpu filed antidumping and countervailing duty petitions in the United States together with other stainless steel producers. The stainless steel producers claim in the antidumping duty petitions that unfairly traded imports of stainless steel sheet and strip from China are causing material damage to the United States stainless steel industry, as Chinese producers are selling their products in the United States markets at prices less than their fair value, thereby significantly undercutting the United States market prices. The countervailing duty petition alleges that Chinese government has given significant subsidies to the Chinese stainless steel industry. Following the filing, US Deparment of Commerce and U.S. International Trade Commission have iniated their preliminary investigations. On March 25, 2016 the U.S. International Trade Commission made a unanimous preliminary determination that unfairly-traded imports of stainless steel sheet and strip are causing injury to U.S. producers. As a result of the Commission's affirmative determination, the U.S. Department of Commerce will continue to conduct its investigations on imports of these products, with its preliminary countervailing duty
38
determination due on or about July 11, 2016, and its preliminary antidumping duty determination due on or about July 21, 2016. The entire investigative process is expected to be completed latest in the first quarter of 2017. However, there can be no assurance that the antidumping duty petitions or the counterveiling duty petitions will result in duties being imposed to Chinese imports or, if such duties will be imposed, that they will adequately protect the producers of the United States from the increased imports into the United States.
Overcapacities have resulted in fierce competition in the stainless steel industry, which has led to a situation where many producers in various countries have called for government protection and trade protective measures to safeguard domestic industry. Outokumpu is exposed to the effects of "dumping" and other unfair trade and pricing practices by competitors. As described above Outokumpu itself has also been subject to orders imposing antidumping duties in the United States, which has made importing such products into the United States prohibitively expensive. Outokumpu may be exposed to these and other protectionist measures in any of the markets in which it operates. In addition, several countries, in particular those with centrally-controlled economies, grant substantial subsidies to companies active in their respective local stainless steel industries. The pricing advantage enjoyed by these producers on their subsidized products may impair or eliminate Outokumpu's ability to compete with such producers. This and other practices may have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's profitability to the extent heavily subsidized stainless steel products are exported into Outokumpu's key markets, the EU and the United States. Unfair trade practices or subsidies may also lead to increased supply in certain markets, resulting in increased price competition. In addition, Outokumpu has significant exposure to the effects of trade actions and barriers due to the global nature of their operations. Various countries (e.g., China, India and the United States) have implemented, and may in the future implement, trade actions and barriers, which could limit Outokumpu's further growth and market access and have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations by limiting Outokumpu's access to these stainless steel markets and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu may be adversely affected by, among other things, increases in competitors' production capacity; lower sales prices; increased imports entering Outokumpu's home markets and the development of new production technologies, products and customer offerings. If Outokumpu is unable to meet customer demands, or is unable to develop new and profitable products, it could lose market share and competitive position. As Outokumpu is unable to influence cyclical market trends and metal prices, its competitiveness and long-term profitability are, to a significant degree, dependent upon its ability to maximize capacity utilization and maintain low-cost and efficient production relative to its competitors and to build its position in less competitive, higher value-added markets, such as specialty stainless steel products or through product innovation. In addition, certain of Outokumpu's competitors have lower production cost positions and more extensive financial resources than Outokumpu, which may inhibit Outokumpu from competing effectively and result in the erosion of its market share. Any intensification of the competition Outokumpu faces could lead to a decline in sales and/or an increase in costs, which could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. See "Industry and Market Overview."
L ow capacity utilization levels caused by increasing capacity and oversupply in the global stainless steel m arket or other factors affecting stainless steel dem and have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's business, fin a n c ia l condition a n d results o f operations
The production of stainless steel is capital intensive and producers generally seek to maintain high capacity utilization rates to improve their profitability. Capacity utilization is primarily affected by the total available production capacity and stainless steel demand, with overcapacity arising when the total stainless steel production capacity exceeds stainless steel demand. In addition, overcapacity can arise if there is a long-term decrease in the demand for specific products. Although production can be shifted relatively quickly from one grade of stainless steel to another since the same melting and rolling equipment is used, specialization and the need to plan production in advance in order to optimize production runs can interfere with a producer's ability to adjust rapidly to changes in demand. Accordingly, stainless steel producers, including Outokumpu, may not be able to adjust and reallocate production capacity in response to changes in demand for a particular stainless steel product or grade.
