L ow capacity utilization levels caused by increasing capacity and oversupply in the global stainless steel m arket or other factors affecting stainless steel dem and have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's business, fin a n c ia l condition a n d results o f operations
Continued or increased capacity underutilization, whether due to increased production capacity, decreased demand or both, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of
39
operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. In addition, oversupply could adversely affect market prices.
Protracted low stainless steel prices and price volatility have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's business, fin a n c ia l condition a n d results o f operations
Stainless steel prices are volatile, reflecting the cyclical nature of the global stainless steel market. Low stainless steel prices have an adverse effect on stainless steel producers due to lower revenues and margins as well as potential inventory write-downs (inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value ("NRV")). After picking up in 2014 largely on the back of higher nickel prices, stainless steel transaction prices in Europe, the United States and China decreased further in 2015 below the levels seen in 2013 as a result of lower demand growth transaction prices. Asian overcapacity has also resulted in Asian materials being imported into the European markets. Asian producers have certain cost advantages resulting from high investments in new stateof-the-art facilities with high production capacities, economies of scale and partially from cost advantages from using alternative raw materials, such as nickel pig iron and UG2, a by-product of the platinum production process used in South Africa that has a chromium content comparable to chromium ore and can be used to produce ferrochrome to a limited degree. Due to fluctuations in stainless steel prices, the expected selling price of stainless steel may at times deviate significantly from the original book value of material in inventory, which could result in inventory write-downs and thus have an adverse effect on profitability. For additional information on Outokumpu's risks associated with raw materials prices, see "-- Volatility in the supply and prices of, or Outokumpu's inability to procure, raw materials and supplies could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results o f operations'"below.
Historically, significant price decreases during periods of economic weakness have not been balanced by commensurate price increases during periods of economic recovery. This has also been the case during the recent cycle. Accordingly, the timing and extent of the recovery and any potential return to previous price levels remains uncertain. A sustained price recovery will likely require a broad economic recovery in order to underpin an increase in real demand for stainless steel products by end users as well as continued reduction of production overcapacity. In addition to macroeconomic trends, stainless steel prices are sensitive to business cycles, particularly in the stainless steel end user industries. Protracted low stainless steel prices could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's revenues and profitability, including the effect of potential further inventory write-downs and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Failure to successfully im plem ent the recently announced measures to improve competitiveness andfinancial perform an ce cou ld resu lt in an even t o f defau lt under O u toku m pu 's fin a n c in g arrangem ents and, ultim ately, the insolvency or liquidation o f Outokumpu
In the beginning of April 2016, Outokumpu announced its new vision and measures to drive competitiveness and further improve the financial performance of the Company. The new vision has been defined as: to be the best value creator in stainless steel by 2020 through customer orientation and efficiency. Simultaneously, Outokumpu outlined its long-term financial targets connected to this vision. In the short term, Outokumpu's future development is expected to depend on the successful implementation of the measures to drive competiveness and the following short term actions:
