The on goin g restru ctu rin g o f O u toku m pu 's operations in E u rope m a y n o t b e co m pleted in a m an n er an d within the tim efram e currently expected
In addition, following the restructuring in Europe, Outokumpu will increasingly rely on the Tornio and Avesta production facilities, particularly with respect to melting and hot rolling, and the facilities will be required to operate at higher capacity levels than before. Accordingly, any accidents or other stoppages or delays that affect production at Tornio or Avesta production facilities or the delivery of materials to cold rolling facilities could result in significant losses for Outokumpu. Such stoppages or delays may also result from the required utilization ramp-up at the Tornio or Avesta facility as the facilities have not been operated at contemplated utilization rates for longer periods of time. Any delays in customer deliveries during the restructuring could harm Outokumpu's reputation and, if repeated, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's competitive position in Europe.
Outokumpu m ay n ot be able to ram p up its production and increase delivery volum es in the A m ericas as currently expected
Outokumpu has made progress in bringing its new integrated stainless steel mill in Calvert, Alabama, Unites States to full commercial capability over the coming years, with 2018 targeted to be the first year of steady-state operations. The technical ramp-up of the Calvert mill was completed at the end of 2014. All production steps have been tested and capabilities proven for both austenitic and ferritic grades as well as widths ranging from 36 to 72 inches. Production in both the melt shop and the cold-rolling lines is showing good quality, and operational performance was running largely according to plan throughout 2015. All the cold-rolling lines have been back in production since the beginning of 2015 following the earlier technical issues. Lower utilization rates following the weak order intake in the early part of the year have helped to reduce the late order backlog, and both delivery performance and yields are improving.
However, there can be no assurance that the ramp-up will reach the targeted production capacities as currently expected. Any major failure of equipment during the ramp-up could delay the ramp up significantly and result in additional costs that could be material. Similarly, any issues with the quality of different types of end products could delay the ramp-up. Even if Outokumpu is able to successfully ramp-up Calvert to the full commercial capacity, there can be no certainty that it will be able to increase delivery volumes and market share in the Americas as currently expected by Outokumpu. The new volumes entering the market may lead to price erosion
41
and weaker than anticipated demand for products produced at the Calvert production facility or additional capacity investments by competitors resulting in lower utilization of Calvert's production capacity than anticipated, any of which could have a material adverse effect on profitability. Outokumpu's ability to grow its business in the Americas could also be affected by slower than estimated growth in demand in the region. Accordingly, the expected return on the Calvert investment may be significantly lower than estimated by Outokumpu and any delays or problems in the technical or commercial ramp-up of the Calvert production facility would have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
A sign ifican t p o rtio n o f O u toku m pu 's fin a n c in g w ill m ature in 2 0 1 7 a n d 2019 a n d th ere can b e n o certainty that additionalfinancing will be available to Outokumpu before such tim e on commercially reasonable terms and costs, or at all
As at March 31, 2016, approximately EUR 848 million of Outokumpu's debt and a part of available credit facilities will mature within the next 12 months. In addition, significant amount of credit facilities, most of which are currently undrawn, will mature in February 2019. Outokumpu anticipates that it will maintain the presence in the commercial paper market, prepay and repay debt partially with e.g. anticipated disposal and capital market proceeds and refinance most of the long-term credit facilities before they mature. However, there can be no assurance that Outokumpu will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms and costs, or at all. In addition, adverse developments in the credit markets or other future adverse developments, such as further deterioration of the overall financial markets or worsening of general economic conditions or adverse developments in Outokumpu's operating results and factors that affect such results, could affect Outokumpu's ability to borrow additional funds as well as the cost and other terms of funding. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could adversely affect Outokumpu's liquidity and working capital in the medium term. The failure to obtain sufficient funding for operations or the increased costs or unfavorable terms of the required additional financing could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
