As Outokumpu's sales are mainly derived from Europe, the continuation of any economic instability in the region could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Furthermore, continued financial weakness of significant consumers of stainless steel products, such as those in the process industries, or the bankruptcy of any large company in such industries, would exacerbate the negative trend in market conditions. In addition, Outokumpu's products are used by end users in certain other important industries and as a result, Outokumpu is significantly affected by developments in these industries. For instance, stainless steel is used in the automotive, metals processing, construction, white goods and chemical, petrochemical and energy industries. Some of these end user industries, such as the automotive and construction industries, are highly cyclical and as a result, the demand for Outokumpu's products may vary significantly.
Outokumpu's high level of indebtedness could also lead to adverse changes in payment terms with suppliers. Furthermore, credit insurers may not be able to insure sufficient amount of Outokumpu risk for suppliers which again might lead to adverse changes in payment terms and therefore increased financing needs for Outokumpu.
Volatility in th e su pply a n d p ric e s of, or O u toku m pu 's inability to p ro cu re, ra w m aterials a n d supplies cou ld have a m aterial adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's business, fin a n c ia l condition a n d results o f operations
Stainless steel and ferrochrome production requires consumption of substantial amounts of raw materials (primarily nickel, recycled stainless steel, ferrochrome, chromite, molybdenum and recycled carbon steel) and other supplies. Most of these raw materials and supplies are subject to price volatility due to fluctuating demand, speculation and scarcity, which may, from time to time, be compounded by decreases in extraction and production due to natural disasters, political or financial instability or unrest.
Outokumpu is exposed to price volatility of raw materials and supplies, which it purchases primarily under shortor long-term contracts, but also on the spot market. Increases in the prices of certain raw materials, such as nickel, ferrochrome, molybdenum and iron, are generally passed on to customers through the alloy surcharge as discussed below. Outokumpu hedges most of its exposure to changing nickel prices and, partially, molybdenum prices. However, Outokumpu does not hedge its exposure to the price volatility of certain other raw materials, such as iron. There can be no assurance that any commodity hedging policies adopted by Outokumpu are or will be effective.
Outokumpu may not be able to pass on all of its raw material costs to customers. Prices for stainless steel products sold in Europe and the United States generally include two components:
· the "base price," which is negotiated with customers and depends mainly on market supply and demand; and
· the "alloy surcharge," which is added by producers in order to allow the costs of alloys, such as nickel, chromium, iron and molybdenum, to be directly passed on to customers when they exceed a predetermined amount.
