· the "base price," which is negotiated with customers and depends mainly on market supply and demand; and
43
Although the alloy surcharge is intended to allow stainless steel producers to pass on the costs of raw materials to customers, it does not eliminate Outokumpu's exposure to raw materials price volatility. The alloy surcharge generally applied in the industry provide that the surcharge for a given month is typically published at the end of the prior month and is typically based on alloy prices during the month prior to the publication of the alloy surcharge (the "Reference Period"). As the throughput times in stainless steel production are longer than the time period used to calculate the alloy surcharge, raw materials are often purchased before the Reference Period; therefore, Outokumpu may not be able to pass on all of its raw materials costs to customers if there is a decrease in raw materials prices between the date when the raw materials are purchased and the Reference Period. This could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's profitability. In addition, a significant part of the future prices for the products to be sold is estimated at each balance sheet date. Estimated NRVs of inventories may deviate significantly from the original book value of the inventories, which can result in inventory write-downs. A significant portion of Outokumpu's net working capital consist of value related to alloying metals in stainless steel; therefore, an increase in the metal prices would lead to higher amount of net working capital and increase funding requirements. Accordingly, fluctuations in raw materials prices could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Since January 1, 2014, Outokumpu has applied a daily alloy surcharge instead of the previous monthly model for certain customers in Europe. In this model, Outokumpu communicates the alloy surcharges on a daily basis for its customers on its website. Customers can decide whether to fix the alloy surcharge on the order date or on any other date between the order and mid-week prior to the delivery week. Outokumpu believes that the daily alloy surcharge system decreases its exposure to volatility in raw material prices because Outokumpu can more quickly reflect changes in raw material prices in the pricing of its products and it makes hedging of raw materials positions easier. However, the daily alloy surcharge does not eliminate Outokumpu's exposure to volatility in raw materials prices and certain customers may prefer the pricing model based on the Reference Period, which allows them to attempt to benefit from market price changes when timing their purchases, which may cause customers, distributors in particular, to use competitive producers. Accordingly, Outokumpu may not be able to derive all the anticipated benefits from the introduction of the daily alloy surcharge method.
In addition, Outokumpu may be unable to procure certain necessary raw materials on a timely basis, on acceptable price and other terms, or at all. For certain raw materials, such as recycled stainless steel, Outokumpu has relied on a small number of suppliers. Although there are alternative suppliers on the market for each of Outokumpu's raw materials, replacing a supplier may be time consuming and the terms available may not be as favorable as the terms in current supply agreements. In addition, some of Outokumpu's raw materials suppliers have significant pricing power. Further, Outokumpu may be forced to purchase products from other suppliers for various reasons, including, if a supply contract is not extended, if a supplier is not able to meet its delivery obligations (including due to export, import or other restrictions for certain raw materials), or if a supplier faces financial or operational difficulties or disruptions. For example, the ongoing or further similar sanctions against Russia could impact Outokumpu's ability to source certain raw materials or supplies from Russia. If Outokumpu is unable to obtain adequate and punctual deliveries of required raw materials or supplies at acceptable prices, it may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products in a timely manner (especially those products that require long lead times or which involve complex manufacturing processes), which could harm its reputation and cause it to lose customers, incur additional costs or delay new product introductions.
Any prolonged interruption in the supply of raw materials, or increases in raw materials costs that cannot be passed on to customers, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
The sales volum es and p rices that Outokum pu is able to charge fo r its products could be affected by inaccurate sales planning or by the stocking and destocking o f stainless steelproducts by distributors
Outokumpu's customers include distributors and processors that stock and reprocess stainless steel to serve end users. Stainless steel distributors typically make purchasing decisions based on expectations regarding raw materials price trends and stainless steel demand. When raw material prices or demand for stainless steel products are expected to increase, distributors and processors tend to increase their purchases with the goal of reselling such products at a higher price in the future. When distributors reduce their inventories, generally in response to expected decreases in raw materials prices or stainless steel demand, it sets downward pressure on
44
