Outokumpu's customers include distributors and processors that stock and reprocess stainless steel to serve end users. Stainless steel distributors typically make purchasing decisions based on expectations regarding raw materials price trends and stainless steel demand. When raw material prices or demand for stainless steel products are expected to increase, distributors and processors tend to increase their purchases with the goal of reselling such products at a higher price in the future. When distributors reduce their inventories, generally in response to expected decreases in raw materials prices or stainless steel demand, it sets downward pressure on
the base price that stainless steel producers are able to charge for products. Conversely, during periods when distributors restock stainless steel inventories, base prices tend to increase to reflect the increase in demand. The purchasing decisions of distributors could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Sales planning in Outokumpu's business areas could be affected by over optimism or inaccuracy in forecasting, which may lead to oversized procurement of raw materials and production supplies. If sales forecasting is not accurate, the additional procurement of raw materials and supplies may increase inventories, incur additional costs and increase the net working capital and financing costs, which all, if materialized, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
In addition, demand volatility makes it difficult for a stainless steel producer to optimize production capacity. For instance, during periods of destocking by distributors, stainless steel producers may decide to reduce production in an attempt to counter the decline in demand and base prices. However, such reductions in capacity utilization also decrease profitability; therefore, there can be no assurance that such reductions would mitigate the adverse effects of destocking by distributors. Increases in costs per unit and resulting declines in competitiveness as a result of demand volatility could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu m ay n ot be able to purchase recycled stainless steel on favorable term s in the fu tu re, which could have a m aterial adverse effect on its profitability
Recycled stainless steel is an important raw material for Outokumpu, representing 74 percent of total raw material use by volume in 2015. Outokumpu has increased the use of recycled stainless steel in its production in recent years and, due to the scale of its operations and purchase volumes, has been able to purchase recycled stainless steel at a cost that has allowed it to better compete against Asian imports and obtain better margins for its products. Recently, stainless scrap discounts for alloy metals have been reducing due to tighter supply of scrap especially in Europe. There can be no certainty that Outokumpu will continue to have access to low cost recycled stainless steel in the future. The market for recycled stainless steel may change due to a number of factors, including lower availability i.e. lower scrap generation at lower nickel prices or Asian producers starting to use it as a raw material should the price of recycled stainless steel decrease to a level where it is comparable to nickel pig iron used by Asian producers or should the production costs of nickel pig iron rise significantly to a comparable level as of recycled stainless steel. Any significant change in access to or cost of recycled stainless steel would have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's profitability.
O u toku m pu 's inability to f u lly u tilize th e f u l l capacity o f its fe rro c h ro m e pro d u ctio n or lack o f g lo b a l dem and f o r ferro ch ro m e cou ld have a m aterial adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's business, fin a n c ia l condition a n d results o f operations
As global demand for stainless steel is forecasted to increase in the long term, Outokumpu expects that global demand for ferrochrome, a key raw material for stainless steel production, will increase accordingly. Outokumpu produces ferrochrome at its Tornio ferrochrome production facility using chromite extracted from its Kemi chromite mine. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Outokumpu produced 457,000 tonnes of ferrochrome, of which 72 percent was used by Outokumpu to produce stainless steel and 28 percent was sold on the global market.
Outokumpu aims to maintain a high utilization rate at its ferrochrome production facility by consuming a significant amount of ferrochrome internally and also by selling certain volumes on the global market. Global supplies of ferrochrome currently exceed demand, which has adversely affected ferrochrome prices and, therefore, Outokumpu's profit margin on global ferrochrome sales has decreased in recent years. There can be no assurance that the oversupply of ferrochrome in the market and resulting reduced ferrochrome prices will not continue or intensify in the future. In addition, there can be no assurance that Outokumpu's ferrochrome production capacity can be fully utilized or that the additional production can be sold to the global market due to fluctuations in ferrochrome prices and demand, or that supply will not continue to exceed demand in the global ferrochrome market, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial
