As global demand for stainless steel is forecasted to increase in the long term, Outokumpu expects that global demand for ferrochrome, a key raw material for stainless steel production, will increase accordingly. Outokumpu produces ferrochrome at its Tornio ferrochrome production facility using chromite extracted from its Kemi chromite mine. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Outokumpu produced 457,000 tonnes of ferrochrome, of which 72 percent was used by Outokumpu to produce stainless steel and 28 percent was sold on the global market.
45
condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
The stainless steel industry is characterized by significant capital expenditure in the expansion o f production and maintenance o f existing production facilities and there can be no assurance that the planned investments w ill be carried out, targets set f o r these investm ents w ill b e rea lized or th a t O u to k u m p u 's a ctu al capital expenditure w ill be within its targets
Outokumpu asset base is well invested and the Company's focus over the coming years will firmly remain to get returns on the recent investments. Therefore Outokumpu expects to keep capital expenditures at moderate levels and cash flow based capital expenditure in 2016 to be approximately EUR 140 million. Out of this EUR 70-80 million is mandatory and maintenance capital expenditure. Outokumpu's capital expenditure for continuing operations was EUR 154 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. There can be no certainty that Outokumpu will be able to maintain its capital expenditure at or below its target levels because of unanticipated expenditure increases or otherwise. Reduced levels of capital expenditure could also result in deterioration in the quality of Outokumpu's production operations, which could result in higher maintenance and replacement costs in the long-term. In addition, postponed capital expenditure could subject Outokumpu's production facilities to a higher risk of accidents and could result in Outokumpu losing its relative competitive advantage and reduce the value of the facilities. Therefore, long periods of reduced capital expenditure levels could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu m ay not benefit from competitive prices fo r and reliable access to energy required fo r the production o f stainless steel products andferrochrom e
The production of stainless steel products and ferrochrome requires significant amounts of energy, particularly electricity and, to a lesser extent, propane, natural gas and light fuel oil. Energy costs represent a substantial portion of Outokumpu's total cost of sales and energy prices have historically varied, and may continue to vary significantly, as a result of political and economic factors beyond Outokumpu's control. For example, the European Climate and Energy Package (the "CEP") has a significant impact on the electricity markets in Europe, and, therefore, also affects Outokumpu's business. The CEP is a set of binding legislation, which aims to ensure that the EU meets its climate and energy targets for 2020, including, for example, a 20 percent improvement in the EU's energy efficiency through the Energy Efficiency Plan 2011 adopted by the European Commission and the Directive 2012/27/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of October 25, 2012 on energy efficiency. Outokumpu expects that energy prices will increase in Europe due to the CEP and related legislation.
A significant number of Outokumpu's production facilities are located in Germany, where electricity prices have historically been higher than in other countries in Northern Europe and Asia. As the German government has decided to phase out nuclear power generation by 2022, electricity prices and price volatility in Germany could increase further. This is partly due to the significant increase in intermittent electricity production, such as wind and solar power, which are currently supported by feed-in tariffs based on the German Renewable Energy Sources Act (Erneuerbare Energien Gesetz). Increased production of intermittent renewable power may increase price volatility in the electricity wholesales markets and may affect the power flows in Germany and in neighboring countries. In addition, although Outokumpu currently benefits from special treatment for businesses with high electricity consumption under the German Renewable Energies Act, such treatment may be less favorable or discontinued in the future, which would further increase its electricity costs. See "--Outokumpu has benefited from certain public subsidies and advantages and there can be no assurance that such subsidies and advantages will be available to Outokumpu in the future" below. Also, Outokumpu's Calvert integrated production facility in Alabama, United States, is dependent on a local electricity provider that has significant pricing power. Unexpected changes in electricity supply policies in Germany or Alabama could adversely affect Outokumpu's profitability.
Outokumpu announced on December 19, 2014 that it will invest approximately EUR 30 million into using liquefied natural gas ("LNG") at Tornio mill instead of propane gas. The vast majority of the investment, phased over the years from 2015 to 2018, is used to carry out the required equipment modifications at the Tornio mill. The transfer to LNG is made possible by the construction of a LNG terminal at Tornio harbor, Northern Finland.
