A significant number of Outokumpu's production facilities are located in Germany, where electricity prices have historically been higher than in other countries in Northern Europe and Asia. As the German government has decided to phase out nuclear power generation by 2022, electricity prices and price volatility in Germany could increase further. This is partly due to the significant increase in intermittent electricity production, such as wind and solar power, which are currently supported by feed-in tariffs based on the German Renewable Energy Sources Act (Erneuerbare Energien Gesetz). Increased production of intermittent renewable power may increase price volatility in the electricity wholesales markets and may affect the power flows in Germany and in neighboring countries. In addition, although Outokumpu currently benefits from special treatment for businesses with high electricity consumption under the German Renewable Energies Act, such treatment may be less favorable or discontinued in the future, which would further increase its electricity costs. See "--Outokumpu has benefited from certain public subsidies and advantages and there can be no assurance that such subsidies and advantages will be available to Outokumpu in the future" below. Also, Outokumpu's Calvert integrated production facility in Alabama, United States, is dependent on a local electricity provider that has significant pricing power. Unexpected changes in electricity supply policies in Germany or Alabama could adversely affect Outokumpu's profitability.
46
Manga LNG Oy, a joint venture of Outokumpu Group, SSAB, Skangass and EPV Energy Ltd, will build and operate the terminal, and procure LNG for its owners. Outokumpu's share of Manga LNG Oy is 45 percent. Outokumpu and its stainless steel mill in Tornio will be the main user of the natural gas imported through the terminal. There can be no assurance that Outokumpu will benefit from the transfer to use LNG instead of propane due the volatility of propane price and therefore it could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Disruptions in the supply of energy resources could also temporarily impair Outokumpu's production operations. Such disruptions may also occur as a result of the loss of energy supply contracts or the inability to enter into new energy supply contracts on commercially acceptable terms. Furthermore, natural catastrophes or similar events could affect the electricity or natural gas grids. Any such disruptions, or increases in energy costs as a result of the aforementioned factors or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu has benefited fro m certain public subsidies and advantages and there can be no assurance that such subsidies and advantages w ill be available to Outokumpu in the fu tu re
Outokumpu has been granted public subsidies and advantages, including subsidies or advantages related to its research and development programs, through reductions of renewable energy charges and in connection with the construction and ramp up of the new Calvert production facility in the United States. The incentives primarily consist of sales, use and property tax abatements; income tax capital credits; various cash incentives, including training grants; and various other subsidies and non-financial benefits.
In Germany, the renewable energy charges that are generally payable under the German Renewable Energy Sources Act are significantly reduced for several Outokumpu companies as they benefit from special treatment for businesses with high electricity consumption. In the past, Outokumpu has received significant benefits from these reductions and it continued to be eligible for these reductions under the revised German Renewable Energy Sources Act, which became effective on January 1, 2012. On August 1, 2014 a new German Renewable Energy Act came into force which has been aligned with the European Commission and is in line with European state aid law. Based on this new act, Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH will be entitled to receive exemptions from the renewable energy charges in the same scope as in the past also in the coming years. While Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH will continue to receive such benefits in the coming years there can be no assurance that Outokumpu will continue to receive these benefits in the future as the German Renewable Energy Act may be amended or that Outokumpu will not cease to qualify for these advantages under the current law. Further, should the exemptions for energy intensive industries be found to constitute state-aid, Outokumpu may be required to repay the exempted amounts retroactively.
All public subsidies and advantages that have been granted to Outokumpu are subject to certain terms and conditions and if these terms and conditions are not complied with, Outokumpu could face significant financial or other materially adverse consequences, including the requirement to fully or partially repay, the subsidies and advantages granted (as well as costs, interest, penalties and/or damages). In addition, all public subsidies and advantages that have been granted to Outokumpu could be revoked due to conditions beyond the Outokumpu's control and the loss of any such subsidies or advantages could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
O u toku m pu 's estim ates o f chrom ite reserves a n d resou rces a t th e K em i m in e m a y exceed th e a ctu a l reserves and resources and there can be no assurance that the expected m ining capacity will be reached or that ferrochrom e production will be economicallyfeasible
