All public subsidies and advantages that have been granted to Outokumpu are subject to certain terms and conditions and if these terms and conditions are not complied with, Outokumpu could face significant financial or other materially adverse consequences, including the requirement to fully or partially repay, the subsidies and advantages granted (as well as costs, interest, penalties and/or damages). In addition, all public subsidies and advantages that have been granted to Outokumpu could be revoked due to conditions beyond the Outokumpu's control and the loss of any such subsidies or advantages could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu's ferrochrome production operations are affected by the amount of estimated ore reserves at the Kemi chromite mine that can be exploited in an economically profitable manner as well as the amount of mineral resources that can be converted into reserves. In addition, the actual ore reserves may not conform to geological, metallurgical or other expectations. There can also be no assurance that the anticipated chromite extraction capacities will be achieved or that mining and processing operations will be economically profitable. Lower market prices, increased production costs, reduced recovery rates and other factors may render exploitation of
47
chromite at the Kemi mine uneconomical and may result in revision of Outokumpu's ore reserve and mineral resource estimates from time to time. If Outokumpu's actual ore reserves or mineral resources are less than the current estimates, it could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
I f Outokumpu were unable to continue selling account receivables under certain sale o f receivables program s, Outokumpu m ay need to refinance such program s andfacilities
Certain Outokumpu companies have used sale of receivables programs with various counterparties on an ongoing basis in order to finance a portion of their underlying business. Outokumpu's accounts receivables that have been transferred to counterparties and are derecognized from the balance sheet, but are reported in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements, amounted to EUR 287 million as at December 31, 2015. Substantially all risks and rewards relating to those receivables had been transferred to counterparties. If the sale of receivable programs described above were cancelled or could not be utilized in the same manner for any reason, Outokumpu would have to seek alternative financing. As there is no assurance that Outokumpu would be able to obtain alternative financing, the cancellation or unavailability of such receivables programs could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Costs related to defined benefit plan s could increase, which could have a m aterial adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's business, fin a n c ia l condition a n d results o f operations
Outokumpu has established several defined benefit and defined contribution plans in various countries. Outokumpu's most significant defined benefit pension plans are in the United Kingdom, where the plan is funded based upon local regulations, and Germany, where the plan is unfunded. As at December 31, 2015, Outokumpu's net defined benefit obligations amounted to EUR 295 million. The valuation was not based on the same assumptions as the IFRS valuation, which showed a surplus. Outokumpu is exposed to various risks related to these defined benefit plans, including the risk of actual returns on plan assets being less than the expected rates of return and the risk of results deviating from actuarial assumptions for areas such as mortality of plan participants. The funding valuation of Outokumpu's defined benefit plan in the United Kingdom revealed a deficit of GBP 27 million in the first quarter of 2015. The deficit recovery payments commenced in February 2016 and the next valuation will be as at January 1, 2017.
Any of these risks, if they were to materialize, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
