Outokumpu has established several defined benefit and defined contribution plans in various countries. Outokumpu's most significant defined benefit pension plans are in the United Kingdom, where the plan is funded based upon local regulations, and Germany, where the plan is unfunded. As at December 31, 2015, Outokumpu's net defined benefit obligations amounted to EUR 295 million. The valuation was not based on the same assumptions as the IFRS valuation, which showed a surplus. Outokumpu is exposed to various risks related to these defined benefit plans, including the risk of actual returns on plan assets being less than the expected rates of return and the risk of results deviating from actuarial assumptions for areas such as mortality of plan participants. The funding valuation of Outokumpu's defined benefit plan in the United Kingdom revealed a deficit of GBP 27 million in the first quarter of 2015. The deficit recovery payments commenced in February 2016 and the next valuation will be as at January 1, 2017.
Changes in underlying assum ptions o f the carrying value o f certain assets, including as a result o f adverse m arket conditions, could result in im pairm ent o f such assets, including intangible assets such as goodw ill
For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 no impairment losses were recognized as a result of the performed impairment test. However, due to restructuring in Germany, impairment losses of EUR 6 million were recognized for the year ended December 31, 2015 relating to land and EUR 27 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 relating to construction work in progress and machinery and equipment. Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 net impairment losses of EUR 3 million and EUR 3 million, respectively, were recognized related to trade receivables. For the three months ended March 31, 2016, Outokumpu recorded impairment losses of EUR 13 million, mainly related to trade receivables. Outokumpu may have to make further impairments of its asset values, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu's assets included goodwill of EUR 467 million as at December 31, 2015. Goodwill is tested for impairment quarterly or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. While impairment of goodwill does not affect reported cash flows, it does result in a non-cash charge in the consolidated statement of income and could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's results
48
of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
O u toku m pu 's tax burden cou ld increase due to changes in ta x law s or regulations or th eir application, or as a result o f current orfu tu re tax audits
Outokumpu's tax burden is dependent on specific aspects of tax laws and regulations in several jurisdictions, including their application and interpretation. Changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or application could significantly increase Outokumpu's tax burden.
Due to the international nature of its business, Outokumpu is subject to the tax law and regulations of several jurisdictions, in particular with regard to transfer pricing rules that apply in certain jurisdictions. Pursuant to such rules, related enterprises must conduct any inter-company transactions on an arm's length basis and must provide sufficient documentation thereof, subject to the applicable rules of the relevant jurisdiction. Although Outokumpu has transfer pricing policies in place, tax authorities may challenge Outokumpu's compliance with applicable transfer pricing rules. In addition, Outokumpu is subject to regular tax audits by the national tax authorities. As a result of current or future tax audits or other review actions of the relevant market surveillance authorities or tax authorities, additional taxes (including income taxes, withholding taxes, real estate taxes, capital taxes, stamp duties and value added taxes) could be assessed, which could lead to an increase in Outokumpu's tax liabilities, either as a result of the relevant tax payment being assessed directly against Outokumpu or as a result of Outokumpu becoming liable for the relevant tax as a secondary obligor.
