Outokumpu's tax burden is dependent on specific aspects of tax laws and regulations in several jurisdictions, including their application and interpretation. Changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or application could significantly increase Outokumpu's tax burden.
F luctuations in fo re ig n exch an ge rates cou ld have a m a teria l adverse effect on O u to k u m p u 's business, financial condition and results o f operations
A major part of the Group's sales is in euros and US dollars. A significant part of expenses arise in euros, US dollars, Swedish kronas, Mexican pesos and British pounds. Due to the disposal of SKS shares in December 2015 and remaining shares February 2016 the exposure to changes in yuan exchange rate decreased clearly. In Europe, Outokumpu's products are priced mainly in euros and therefore costs in Swedish krona and British pounds give rise to a significant foreign exchange risk impacting profitability and cash flows. Due to significant amount of captive ferrochrome production and related revenues being linked to US dollar, the EUR/USD exchange rate risk for the Group is significant. In addition, stainless steel contribution margin is impacted by the value of US dollar. Exchange rates may also affect the relative competitiveness of stainless steel producers located in countries that use currencies other than the euro and fluctuations in the exchange rate between those currencies and the euro could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu hedges most of its fair value risks, including risks related to accounts receivables, accounts payables, interest-bearing debt, cash and loan receivables denominated in currencies other than the euro. Outokumpu hedges the majority of its cash flow risk related to firm commitments and it selectively hedges its risk related to forecasted and probable cash flows. Outokumpu aims to hedge most of its fair value risks and the majority of its cash flow risk related to firm commitments. However, there can be no assurance that Outokumpu's hedging policy will mitigate the impact of adverse foreign exchange fluctuation on Outokumpu's results of operations.
Outokumpu has income translation risk mainly in US dollars, Swedish kronas and British pounds and based on its risk management policy this risk is not hedged. The Group has significant currency denominated net investment positions in US dollars, Swedish kronas and British pounds. As at December 31, 2015, there were no hedges related to net investment exposure. The effective portion of gains (as at December 31, 2015, EUR 17 million (net of tax)) on earlier financial year net investment hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income. In 2015 Outokumpu reduced currency denominated equity e.g. in Australia and Mexico. Currency denominated debt and changes in currency rates have an impact on Group's capital structure.
49
Outokumpu is exposed to interest rate risk on its flo a tin g rate debt and the fa ir value o f its fin an cial assets and liabilities
As at March 31, 2016, Outokumpu's long-term debt and current debt was EUR 1,717 million. Significant part of Outokumpu's interest-bearing debt is floating rate based. In addition to exposures related to market level of interest rates, Outokumpu is also exposed to market level of credit margins. The volatility of credit margins has been high in recent years and, combined with the high level of its indebtedness, Outokumpu considers this risk to be significant. Outokumpu's interest rate risk is monitored as cash flow risk (impact of rate changes on net interest expenses) and fair value risk (impact of rate changes on fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). Outokumpu has established an interest rate hedging policy and uses interest rate swaps to manage the effects of changes in interest rates. Any increase or decrease in interest rates would affect Outokumpu's current interest expenses and its future refinancing costs. The default of a counterparty to any of the hedges or the early termination of any hedging transaction may lead to increased costs or the loss of the planned protective mechanism. In addition, Outokumpu could be unable to use hedging instruments in line with its hedging strategy or may incur increased costs, or not be able to hedge at all, due to the conditions in the financial markets, Outokumpu's own financial situation, especially its level of indebtedness, its credit ratings or other factors. There can be no assurance that Outokumpu will be able to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or that any hedging policy will mitigate the adverse effects of interest rate fluctuations on its results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu is subject to stringent health and safety laws and regulations th at m ay give rise to significant costs and liabilities
