As at March 31, 2016, Outokumpu's long-term debt and current debt was EUR 1,717 million. Significant part of Outokumpu's interest-bearing debt is floating rate based. In addition to exposures related to market level of interest rates, Outokumpu is also exposed to market level of credit margins. The volatility of credit margins has been high in recent years and, combined with the high level of its indebtedness, Outokumpu considers this risk to be significant. Outokumpu's interest rate risk is monitored as cash flow risk (impact of rate changes on net interest expenses) and fair value risk (impact of rate changes on fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). Outokumpu has established an interest rate hedging policy and uses interest rate swaps to manage the effects of changes in interest rates. Any increase or decrease in interest rates would affect Outokumpu's current interest expenses and its future refinancing costs. The default of a counterparty to any of the hedges or the early termination of any hedging transaction may lead to increased costs or the loss of the planned protective mechanism. In addition, Outokumpu could be unable to use hedging instruments in line with its hedging strategy or may incur increased costs, or not be able to hedge at all, due to the conditions in the financial markets, Outokumpu's own financial situation, especially its level of indebtedness, its credit ratings or other factors. There can be no assurance that Outokumpu will be able to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or that any hedging policy will mitigate the adverse effects of interest rate fluctuations on its results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu is subject to a broad range of health and safety laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates and these laws and regulations impose increasingly stringent health and safety protection standards. The costs of complying with, and the liabilities imposed pursuant to, health and safety laws and regulations could be significant, and failure to comply could result in the assessment of civil and criminal penalties, suspension of permits, temporary or permanent closure of production facilities, or claims or lawsuits by third parties.
Despite Outokumpu's efforts to monitor and prevent accidents at its production facilities, operations relating to mining, smelting and hot and cold rolling, in particular, involve inherent hazards due to the processes, raw materials and temperatures involved. Accordingly, health and safety incidents have in the past occurred at Outokumpu's production facilities, and are likely to continue to occur in the future, which may result in costs and other liabilities or otherwise adversely affect Outokumpu's reputation or the continuity of the operations of the affected facility. Such accidents could include fires, explosions, gas leaks, vehicular accidents, other accidents involving persons or property, or exposure to radioactive materials included in scrap metal or other potentially hazardous materials. In addition, Outokumpu's industrial activities involve the use, storage and transport of dangerous chemicals and toxic substances. Outokumpu is, therefore, subject to the risk of industrial accidents that could lead to production stoppages, the loss of key assets and employees (and those of sub contractors and suppliers) or injuries to persons living near affected sites. In recent years, there have been fatal accidents at Outokumpu's production facilities in the United States and in Mexico.
Outokumpu also operates an underground chromite mine in Kemi, Finland. Mining operations are subject to a number of hazards and risks usually associated with the exploration, development and production of natural resources, any of which could result in production shortfalls or damage to persons or property. In particular, hazards associated with underground mining operations include fires, explosions, accidents and conditions resulting from drilling, blasting, removing and processing material from an underground mine. The occurrence of any of these events could delay production, increase production costs and result in death or injury to employees, damage to property and liability for Outokumpu, some or all of which may not be covered by insurance, as well as substantially harm Outokumpu's reputation as a company focused on ensuring the health and safety of its employees.
Substitute materials and new technologies could reduce m arketprices and dem andfo r stainless steelproducts
Stainless steel competes with substitute materials such as aluminum (particularly in the automotive industry), cement, composites, glass, ceramics, plastic, wood and carbon steel. Changes in customer preferences, pricing of
50
competing products, development of new or improved substitutes for stainless steel products and government regulatory initiatives mandating the use of such materials in lieu of stainless steel could reduce prices of, or demand for, stainless steel products. Price competition with respect to established grades of stainless steel and other products as well as other factors have recently resulted in new, lower quality stainless steel grades, mainly from Asia, and especially China, being marketed primarily to Asian markets. For example, chromium manganese steel grades (often called 200 series stainless steel grades) are marketed as a substitute for certain stainless steel grades, although they have inferior corrosion resistance, formability and weldability as compared to more established stainless steel grades. Lack of user knowledge about and experience with these new, lower quality stainless steel grades, their properties and their handling could result in these lower quality products being used in unsuitable applications or inappropriate manners simply because they are less expensive, which could have a negative effect on the image of stainless steel products in general. Outokumpu believes that stainless steel has a positive image as a high quality product and in the past, Outokumpu has invested in creating this image. Customer disappointment with products made from lower quality stainless steel, or any other negative effect on the image of stainless steel, could reduce the value of Outokumpu's past investments in the image of stainless steel or require Outokumpu to make future investments in maintaining or improving the image of stainless steel. Further, if customers accept products made from lower quality stainless steel grades that are cheaper than Outokumpu's stainless steel products as replacements for established stainless steel products, prices of and demand for Outokumpu's products may decline.
In addition, the stainless steel market is characterized by evolving technology standards that require improved quality, changing customer specifications and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. The products or manufacturing processes of the customers that use Outokumpu's stainless steel products may change from time to time due to improved technologies or product enhancements. These changes may require Outokumpu to develop new products and enhancements for its existing products. In addition, the emergence of new technologies could result in certain products containing stainless steel becoming obsolete. Failure to keep pace with market changes or to produce stainless steel products that meet customers' specifications and quality standards in a timely and cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
