competing products, development of new or improved substitutes for stainless steel products and government regulatory initiatives mandating the use of such materials in lieu of stainless steel could reduce prices of, or demand for, stainless steel products. Price competition with respect to established grades of stainless steel and other products as well as other factors have recently resulted in new, lower quality stainless steel grades, mainly from Asia, and especially China, being marketed primarily to Asian markets. For example, chromium manganese steel grades (often called 200 series stainless steel grades) are marketed as a substitute for certain stainless steel grades, although they have inferior corrosion resistance, formability and weldability as compared to more established stainless steel grades. Lack of user knowledge about and experience with these new, lower quality stainless steel grades, their properties and their handling could result in these lower quality products being used in unsuitable applications or inappropriate manners simply because they are less expensive, which could have a negative effect on the image of stainless steel products in general. Outokumpu believes that stainless steel has a positive image as a high quality product and in the past, Outokumpu has invested in creating this image. Customer disappointment with products made from lower quality stainless steel, or any other negative effect on the image of stainless steel, could reduce the value of Outokumpu's past investments in the image of stainless steel or require Outokumpu to make future investments in maintaining or improving the image of stainless steel. Further, if customers accept products made from lower quality stainless steel grades that are cheaper than Outokumpu's stainless steel products as replacements for established stainless steel products, prices of and demand for Outokumpu's products may decline.
F in an cial difficulties or bankruptcy o f one or m ore o f O u toku m pu 's m a jo r custom ers or suppliers co u ld have a m aterial adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's business, fin a n c ia l condition a n d results o f operations
Some of Outokumpu's customers and suppliers have experienced financial and operational challenges throughout the recent financial downturn. The continuation or exacerbation of the difficulties experienced by these customers or suppliers could place them in additional financial and operational distress or could even result in bankruptcy. Additionally, a number of Outokumpu's customers are, or could in the future be, under pressure from imports in their own domestic markets and may consequently lose market share or even have to relocate their production facilities to other markets. These factors could cause Outokumpu's customers to reduce the volume of their stainless steel purchases in an effort to improve their own financial condition, which could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's sales. Moreover, the potential inability of Outokumpu to collect outstanding accounts receivables on a timely basis, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's sales and cash flow. Although it has insurance that covers the majority of its receivables, Outokumpu has some risk due to unsecured sales. See "--Outokumpu's insurance policies provide limited coverage, potentially leaving it uninsured against some risks" below. Similarly, any financial difficulties experienced by Outokumpu's suppliers could result in an interruption in the supply of raw materials. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
O u toku m pu 's operations in certain countries cou ld b e adversely affected b y politica l, econom ic a n d legal developm ents in the countries concerned
Outokumpu has a business strategy partially focused on business operations in countries in which the political, economic and legal systems are less predictable than in countries with more developed institutional structures. Political or economic upheaval, changes in laws and other factors could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's results of operations and/or impair the value of its investments in such countries. The most significant risks of operating in emerging market countries arise from the establishment or enforcement of
51
foreign exchange restrictions, which could effectively prevent Outokumpu from receiving profits from, or selling its investments in, these countries. For example, Argentina and Mexico impose foreign exchange controls on foreign companies established in those countries. Legal and regulatory systems in emerging market countries are also typically less developed and not as well enforced as in Western European countries, which creates uncertainty in the operating environment. In addition, the need for qualified employees in emerging market countries may require Outokumpu to hire foreign trained employees, which may reduce the cost competitiveness of its operations. Expansion in emerging market countries also places greater pressure on monitoring corrupt behavior, in particular in countries that have experienced governmental corruption in the past. Outokumpu's reputation could be severely harmed due to corrupt behavior by its employees and could also subject Outokumpu to fines and other sanctions.
In addition to risks related to the political, economic and legal developments of the emerging countries, Outokumpu is also exposed to the risk of the United Kingdom exiting the EU, which, if materialized, might have a negative impact on the general economic activity and therefore also impact on demand for stainless steel in Europe. Furhermore, the Group's United Kingdom based operations might come across to trade barriers as regards to some key markets. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
D isru ption s to produ ction pro cesses cou ld have a m a teria l adverse effect on O u to k u m p u 's operations an d customer service levels
