In addition to risks related to the political, economic and legal developments of the emerging countries, Outokumpu is also exposed to the risk of the United Kingdom exiting the EU, which, if materialized, might have a negative impact on the general economic activity and therefore also impact on demand for stainless steel in Europe. Furhermore, the Group's United Kingdom based operations might come across to trade barriers as regards to some key markets. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Stainless steel and ferrochrome production processes are dependent on the continuous operation of critical production equipment, including furnaces, continuous casters, rolling mills and electrical equipment (e.g., electric motors and transformers), and production downtime may occur as a result of unanticipated mechanical failures or other events. Outokumpu's production facilities have experienced and may in the future experience, plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production as a result of such equipment failures. Operations may also be disrupted for a variety of other reasons, including fire, explosion, release of substances harmful to the environment or health, strikes or transportation disruptions. Furthermore, accidents may lead to production downtimes with respect to certain machinery or plants or even plant closures, including for the duration of any ongoing investigation. To the extent that lost production as a result of such disruptions could not be compensated for by the production of unaffected facilities, such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Primarily due to the high temperatures required for stainless steel and ferrochrome production, fire is a significant risk for Outokumpu. Most of Outokumpu's production facilities are located in extensive industrial zones. A fire in any industrial zone could lead to major property damage and interruptions in production.
In addition, extreme weather events and natural disasters could affect Outokumpu's operations, especially through physical risks such as property damage or loss of production through floods, hurricanes or drought. Currently, only two of Outokumpu's production facilities, the Wildwood pipe production facility in Florida, and the Calvert production facility in Alabama, United States, are located in areas defined as "regional hotspots." These sites are moderately exposed to severe weather and high winds either from the hurricane potential or the effects of regular severe thunderstorms and tornados common to this geographical area. In addition, ice conditions in the Baltic Sea may block vessels from Tornio, which could delay the delivery of products and raw materials between Tornio and other ports and have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokumpu charters vessels to transport stainless steel products and raw materials, which subjects Outokumpu to risks inherent to vessels
Outokumpu has time chartered four vessels to transport stainless steel products from Tornio to customers mainly through its service center in Terneuzen, the Netherlands, and to transport black hot band to Outokumpu's production facilities in Germany. These vessels also transport raw materials, primarily from Terneuzen, but also from other harbors on the Baltic Sea to Tornio. While Outokumpu does not own or operate the vessels, it is liable for, among others, the cargo transported by the vessels. Outokumpu aims to charter modern vessels
52
designed for conditions of the Baltic Sea; however, these vessels are still at risk of being damaged or lost because of events such as collisions, bad weather, mechanical failures, human error, terrorism, piracy and other similar circumstances or events. Outokumpu may increasingly face similar risks in the future, as it is expected to spot charter more vessels, primarily to transport ferrochrome and stainless steel from Tornio to Calvert. All of these hazards could result in death or injury to persons, loss of revenues or property, environmental damage, higher insurance rates, damage to Outokumpu's customer relationships, delays and rerouting. Outokumpu maintains insurance to mitigate some of the potential costs described above, but its insurance may not be sufficient to cover the liabilities suffered by it due to the occurrence of one or more of the risks described above. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations as well as on its reputation and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
O u toku m pu 's insurance p o licies p ro v id e lim ited coverage, p o ten tia lly leavin g it u n in su red again st som e risks
