designed for conditions of the Baltic Sea; however, these vessels are still at risk of being damaged or lost because of events such as collisions, bad weather, mechanical failures, human error, terrorism, piracy and other similar circumstances or events. Outokumpu may increasingly face similar risks in the future, as it is expected to spot charter more vessels, primarily to transport ferrochrome and stainless steel from Tornio to Calvert. All of these hazards could result in death or injury to persons, loss of revenues or property, environmental damage, higher insurance rates, damage to Outokumpu's customer relationships, delays and rerouting. Outokumpu maintains insurance to mitigate some of the potential costs described above, but its insurance may not be sufficient to cover the liabilities suffered by it due to the occurrence of one or more of the risks described above. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations as well as on its reputation and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
While Outokumpu maintains insurance on property and equipment in amounts believed to be consistent with industry practices, it is not fully insured against all risks, and insurance against some risks may not be available. Outokumpu's main insurance policies cover physical loss of or damage to its property and equipment on a reinstatement basis arising from a number of specified risks and certain consequential losses, including business interruption arising from the occurrence of an insured event. Under these policies, damages and losses caused by certain natural disasters are also covered. Outokumpu also maintains various other types of insurance relating to its operations as well as trade credit insurance on receivables from certain customers, subject to limits that it believes are consistent with those in the stainless steel industry, in order to protect it against the risk of non payment due to the insolvency of such customers or other reasons. Not all of Outokumpu's customer receivables are or can be insured, and even when insurance is available, it may not fully cover the exposure. Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that Outokumpu carries, the occurrence of an accident that causes losses in excess of limits specified under the relevant policy or is subject to material deductibles, or losses arising from events not covered by insurance policies, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
P ro d u ct liability claim s or loss o f p ro d u c t certifications c o u ld h ave a m a teria l adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's business, financial condition and results o f operations
Outokumpu's products are used in a wide range of applications. For example, certain of Outokumpu's products are used in safety-critical applications, such as pipes used in the oil, gas, chemical and petrochemical industry. In addition, certain of Outokumpu's stainless steel products are used in the automotive industry, where key customers require extensive third-party certifications regarding the products purchased. Any failure by Outokumpu to meet the qualifications needed to receive the necessary third-party certifications or the loss of existing third-party certifications may lead to the loss of business opportunities, which could lead to a decline in sales.
The performance, quality and safety of Outokumpu's products are critical to the success of its business. These characteristics depend significantly on the effectiveness of quality control systems, which in turn depends on a number of factors, including the quality of the training programs, the design of the systems, and Outokumpu's ability to ensure that its employees adhere to quality control guidelines and policies. Any significant failure or deterioration of Outokumpu's quality control systems could have a material adverse effect on its reputation and could result in product liability claims. Outokumpu has limited product liability insurance that may not be sufficient to cover all potential liabilities. Accordingly, a major claim, or a series of smaller claims, for damages related to Outokumpu's products sold, or advice given to customers in connection with products sold, may not be fully covered by insurance, or may not be covered by insurance at all, which could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Outokum pu is, and m ay in the fu tu re be, involved in litigation and arbitration proceedings th at could adversely affect its business, fin an cial condition and results o f operations
A number of lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been, and may in the future be, asserted against Outokumpu, including those pertaining to product liability, environmental, competition law, and health and safety matters.
53
These and any future legal proceedings are costly, divert management attention and may result in reputational damage for Outokumpu. See "Business Overview--Legal Proceedings" for information on Outokumpu's ongoing legal proceedings. An unfavorable outcome in any ongoing proceedings, or any proceedings that may arise in the future, could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
