53
O u toku m pu 's governance, in tern al controls a n d com plian ce p ro cesses co u ld f a i l to p re v e n t regulatory penalties, reputational harm andfraud, both at operating subsidiaries and jo in t ventures
Outokumpu operates globally and its activities span multiple jurisdictions and complex regulatory frameworks at a time of increased enforcement activity and enforcement initiatives globally in areas such as competition law and anti-corruption. Outokumpu's governance and compliance processes may not prevent breaches of law or governance standards. Outokumpu also faces the risk of fraud by its employees as well as violations at its joint ventures and other companies in which it has an interest, particularly if it only has a minority stake and does not control accounting or other rules and protocols for the conduct of business. Outokumpu's failure to comply with applicable laws and other standards could subject it to fines, loss of operating licenses and reputational harm. Effective internal controls are necessary for Outokumpu to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent and detect fraud. If Outokumpu cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, this could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and reputation. Additionally, at the operational level, individual employees may not comply with Outokumpu's policies and guidelines and as a result may cause Outokumpu to incur compliance costs and cause reputational damage. Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors and other third parties to lose confidence in Outokumpu's reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
O u toku m pu 's operations are su bject to various en viron m en tal laws, regulations a n d licenses a n d a fa ilu re to com ply with these laws and regulations could result in unexpected costs and other liabilities
Outokumpu is subject to various environmental laws, regulations and licenses governing, among other things, atmospheric emissions, water quality, solid and hazardous waste handling and disposal, plant and wildlife protection, reclamation and restoration of mining properties, and the remediation of contaminated properties. As these environmental laws, regulations and licenses are amended or as their application or enforcement is changed, significant costs in complying with new and more stringent regulations may be imposed on Outokumpu. Further, many of Outokumpu's operations require environmental and other regulatory permits or licenses that are subject to modification, renewal or, subject to certain conditions, revocation by the issuing authorities. In certain countries, the procedures for obtaining these permits or licenses are often long and complex and there can be no assurance that the requested permit or license will be granted or renewed. In addition, violations of applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil and criminal penalties, revocation of permits and licenses, the curtailment or cessation of operations, third-party claims or any combination thereof. Further, changes to existing production facilities or the construction of new production facilities require extensive regulatory permits and approvals, and there can be no assurance that such permits and approvals would be granted with the anticipated terms or within the targeted time frame.
Contamination has been identified at various Outokumpu production sites. For example, at the Dillenburg, Krefeld and Benrath sites in Germany, the soil and groundwater is contaminated either with metals from acids, oil, chlorinated solvents or chlorinated hydrocarbons. These contaminations are being investigated, monitored and remediated by Outokumpu and, in certain circumstances, by other responsible parties.
Remediation work has also been done in Wildwood, United States; at a former warehouse site in Montreal, Canada; and in Tornio, Finland, where an old landfill was closed. As at March 31, 2016, Outokumpu had environmental provisions of EUR 61 million in respect of remediation and other costs in its consolidated statement of financial position; however, there can be no assurance that such provisions will be sufficient. Future remediation may be required if new contamination occurs, existing contamination that is currently unknown is discovered, known contamination requires more extensive remediation than originally anticipated or environmental regulations or their enforcement become more stringent. The aforementioned could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects
54
and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
