54
Outokumpu m ay be adversely affected by any fu tu re application o f restrictions in regard to greenhouse gas em issions or in regard to sulfur emissions and fa c e risks associated with identifying and controlling the cost o f compliance with emission allowance schemes
Increased restrictions on carbon dioxide emissions stemming from the EU Emissions Trading Scheme (the "ETS") could place Outokumpu at a competitive disadvantage as compared to stainless steel producers located outside of EU in countries that do not apply corresponding ETSs or carbon costs. In addition, associated increases in costs to energy providers, market price of electricity and future reductions in carbon dioxide emissions targets could also place Outokumpu at a competitive disadvantage and have an adverse effect on Outokumpu's business.
Currently, six of Outokumpu's production units, located in the EU (Finland, Germany, Sweden and the United Kingdom), fall within the ETS. As unused emission allowances can be sold on financial markets, the ETS creates a financial incentive for companies to restrict their emissions of carbon dioxide. Conversely, if the level of a company's emissions of carbon dioxide exceeds the rights in its possession, sufficient allowances for the emissions must be purchased. Under the ETS, companies have to surrender one emission right for each tonne of carbon dioxide their production facilities emit.
To dissuade companies currently operating inside the EU from moving to countries without emission reduction targets, industries within the EU that are exposed to high carbon leakage will continue to receive free emission allowances during ongoing emission trading period between 2013 and 2020 but the amount of free allowances will steadily decrease. However, the free allocation for the year 2015 was, and the allocation for 2016 is estimated to be, sufficient for the Group's operations. As the stainless steel industry has been identified as one of the sectors that has a high risk of carbon leakage, Outokumpu's production facilities will continue to receive free emission allowances under an exemption at least until 2020. The amount of these free allowances will be based on historical activity and efficiency based benchmarks, which set forth a lower no-cost cap for carbon dioxide emissions for Outokumpu's production facilities in the EU. Nevertheless, Outokumpu may have to purchase emission rights in addition to those it will obtain free of charge under the exemption and the need to make such purchases could result in additional costs, which could be material. In addition, Outokumpu could incur even higher additional costs should its production facilities not continue to qualify for the exemption from auctioning. In this case, Outokumpu would have to purchase a steadily increasing amount of emission rights to cover its emissions.
According to the published proposal of EU Climate and Energy Package 2030 (EC, January 2014), future carbon dioxide emission reduction targets will become more stringent and Outokumpu will have to begin making preparations for operating in a more restrictive environment, which could result in increased costs and unplanned liabilities. Additionally, as the production of stainless steel and ferrochrome is energy intensive, Outokumpu's operations are sensitive to changes in the price of electricity. Power companies transfer the costs associated with their emission allowances to customers in the prices they charge for supplying electrical power, and marginal cost pricing in power markets means that wholesale power prices are affected by the price of these allowances. Therefore, Outokumpu is especially burdened by the electricity price increase caused by emissions trading. Indirect extra electricity costs for Outokumpu were, during the previous EU emissions trading periods from 2005 to 2015, approximately EUR 20 to 50 million annually. The EU has created a compensation mechanism for extra electricity costs due to ETS and according to EU rules, Outokumpu's extra electricity costs are partly and nationally compensated in Germany and the UK and from 2017 onwards compensated also in Finland. However, Outokumpu's electricity costs in Europe may increase in the future due to the ETS despite the fact that most of the electricity that it purchases is of the low-carbon variety. Increased electricity costs could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's results of operations in Europe and this effect is not mitigated by allocations of emission allowances at no cost. Risks connected with the future cost of emission allowances also add an element of uncertainty to the planning of new investments in Europe and may affect future investment decisions.
Directive 2012/33/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 21, 2012 amending Council Directive 1999/32/EC as regards the sulfur content of marine fuels revised the previous Directive regarding the sulfur content of certain liquid fuels and incorporated new International Maritime Organization standards into EU law to ensure their proper and harmonized enforcement by all EU member states. Under the amended
55
Directive, the maximum permissible sulfur content of maritime fuels used in sensitive areas, such as the Baltic Sea, the North Sea and the English Channel, has decreased from the level of 1.5 percent to 0.1 percent as of January 1, 2015. Other areas will be subject to a reduction from 3.5 percent to 0.5 percent by January 1, 2020. The costs of the amended Directive have not been significant for Outokumpu due to generally decreased oil and energy prices but there can be no assurance that these costs are not increasing in the future leading to significantly increased transportation costs for products produced at the Tornio integrated production facility. This could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
