55
F ailure to p ro te c t in tellectu al p ro p erty rights co u ld have a m a teria l adverse effect on O u toku m pu 's com petitiveness as w ell as on its business, fin an cial condition and results o f operations
Outokumpu believes that developing new stainless steel products and manufacturing technologies that can be differentiated from those of its competitors, such as duplex stainless steel grades, is important to the success of its business. Outokumpu takes active measures to obtain protection of its intellectual property by obtaining patents and undertaking monitoring activities in its major markets. In addition to its patent portfolio, Outokumpu relies on trade secrets, know-how, the development of new products, and technological development in combination with non-disclosure agreements and certain other agreements to protect intellectual property rights. However, there can be no assurance that the measures Outokumpu takes will effectively deter competitors from improper use of its intellectual property. Competitors may misappropriate intellectual property owned or licensed by Outokumpu, disputes as to ownership of intellectual property may arise and intellectual property may otherwise become known or independently developed by competitors. In addition, certain technologies and processes used by Outokumpu may be subject to the intellectual property rights of third parties in certain countries. Such third parties may take legal action for infringement of these intellectual property rights and any such claims could delay or prevent the delivery of products by Outokumpu. Any failure to protect Outokumpu's intellectual property or resulting claims of infringement on third-party intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's competitiveness as well as its business, financial condition and results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
A n y sign ifican t p ro b le m with inform ation system s co u ld have a m a teria l adverse effect on O u to k u m p u 's business, financial condition and results o f operations
Outokumpu's business relies on various applications and other information technologies that are used globally in all business areas and group functions. Many of these applications and underlying infrastructure are outdated, making them more vulnerable for failures, and could result in business interruptions, for example, in the production and supply chain processes. In addition, the enterprise architecture is complicated, especially due to the large number of different and unharmonized information systems increases the risk of loss of critical applications. Furthermore, cyber threats and other security threats could exploit possible weaknesses in Outokumpu's security controls, which in turn, could cause leakage of sensitive information, theft of intellectual property, production outage or damage to Outokumpu's reputation.
A sign ifican t portio n o f O u toku m pu 's em ployees in E u rope are co vered b y collective bargain in g agreem ents and Outokumpu m ay fa c e labor disruptions that could interfere with its operations
Outokumpu is subject to the risk of labor disputes and adverse employee relations that could disrupt its business operations. A significant portion of Outokumpu's employees in Europe are covered by collective bargaining agreements. However, there can be no assurance that the collective bargaining agreements will prevent strikes or work stoppages at any of Outokumpu's facilities, or that such agreements will be renewed on substantially similar terms and conditions in the future. Outokumpu has experienced work stoppages in the past, including in Germany and Finland, none of which significantly affected Outokumpu's operations. Although the impact of such work stoppages has historically been limited, there can be no assurance that any future work stoppage would not have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
56
Outokumpufaces risks associated with nuclear power plantprojects in Finland
