56
On August 5, 2015, Outokumpu announced that it had committed to increase its indirect share in Fennovoima Oy ("Fennovoima"), which was granted a decision-in-principle by the Government of Finland to build a new nuclear power plant in Finland, to approximately 14 percent. In 2013, Fennovoima selected Rusatom Overseas CJSC as a power plant supplier. According to the plans, infrastructure work at the site is expected to be completed by the end of 2017. The construction of the plant would begin after the infrastructure work and the power plant would start commercial operations in 2024. The project involves a number of potential risks for Outokumpu, including delays, cancellation, non-completion (for external or internal reasons), technical risks (including tightening nuclear safety regulations in the future), budget overruns (including non-competitive cost of power or increased cost of production), financing risks (including cost and availability of financing), political risks (including public acceptance risks) and environmental risks. When operational, shareholders will be able to procure electricity at cost against payment of their pro rata share of operating expenses of the power plant (socalled "Mankala" principle). Accordingly, there can be no assurance that one or more of the project risks will not occur or that Outokumpu's share of financing the project will not increase as a result of any future defaults of other shareholders in Fennovoima.
In addition, Outokumpu has an approximately 0.3 percent indirect share in the Teollisuuden Voima Oyj ("TVO") Olkiluoto 3 nuclear power plant project, which is currently under construction in Finland. It was originally expected that commercial operation of Olkiluoto 3 would begin in 2009; however, the project has been delayed on several occasions. In September 2014, TVO announced that according to the plant supplier the start of the regular electricity production of Olkiluoto 3 nuclear power plant unit will take place in late 2018. TVO's project involve similar risks for Outokumpu as those it faces due to its investment in Fennovoima.
F ailure to attract qu alified p e rso n n e l or a loss o f key p e rso n n e l c o u ld disru pt O u to k u m p u 's business a n d have a m aterial adverse effect on its business, fin a n cia l condition and results o f operations
Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and its ability to continue to maintain and grow its business as well as provide high quality products depend, to a large extent, on the contributions of its management team and key personnel. The loss of key individuals or other employees who have specific knowledge of, or relationships with, trade customers in the markets in which Outokumpu operates could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations. Outokumpu's success also depends, to a great extent, on its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees throughout the organization. Outokumpu has implemented human resources processes to attract and retain senior managers for positions considered to be important for Outokumpu. However, if Outokumpu is unable to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees at all levels, it could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that Outokumpu will be able to retain such senior managers and key employees and successfully manage them, which could disrupt Outokumpu's business and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Risks Relating to the Notes, the Transaction Guarantees and the Transaction Security
The Notes m ay not be a suitable investmentfo r all investors
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or referred to in the Prospectus;
