Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; and
57
(iv) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Investors are exposed to credit risk in respect o f the Issuer
Investors in the Notes are exposed to a credit risk in respect of the Issuer. The investor's possibility to receive interest payments and payments of principal under the Notes is thus dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its payment obligations, which in turn is to a large extent dependent on developments in the Issuer's business and the Issuer's financial performance.
Credit ratings assigned to the Notes and the Issuer m ay not be accurate and an increase o f rating m ay decrease the restrictions under the Notes
The Notes have been assigned a credit rating of `B2' by Moody's. The Issuer has a corporate family rating (CFR) of B3 and B3-PD probability default rating (PDR) from Moody's. The rating report on the Issuer was issued by Moody's on March 29, 2016. Such ratings do not necessarily reflect the potential impact of the risk factors described in this section, and other risk factors may affect the value of the Notes. Further, the credit ratings assigned by Moody's to the Notes and the Issuer may not reflect the credit ratings that other credit rating agencies may assign to the Notes and/or the Issuer. A credit rating does not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be revised, suspended, modified or withdrawn by Moody's at any time. Further, in the event that the Issuer's business, financial condition or prospects would be adversely impacted, the credit rating for the Issuer or the Notes could be downgraded, which may affect negatively the value of the Notes.
