Credit ratings assigned to the Notes and the Issuer m ay not be accurate and an increase o f rating m ay decrease the restrictions under the Notes
If the Issuer receives one or more of the following: (a) a rating of "BBB-" or higher from Standard & Poor's Rating Services or (b) a rating of "Baa3" or higher from Moody's, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes the restrictions on additional financial indebtedness, mergers and demergers, disposals and subsidiary guarantees are suspended for as long as the Issuer holds such rating. An increase of the credit rating may therefore result in these restrictions no longer being applicable with respect to the Notes.
Active trading m arketfo r the Notes m ay not develop
The Notes constitute a new issue of securities and there has been no prior public market for the Notes. Although application has been made to list the Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, there can be no assurance that such application will be approved. Further, even if the listing application is approved, there can be no assurance that a liquid public market for the Notes will develop, and even if such a market were to develop, neither the Issuer nor the Lead Managers are under any obligation to maintain such a market. In the absence of a secondary market, Notes may be difficult to sell at a satisfactory market price and the investor should be aware that he may realize a loss upon sale if Notes are sold prior to the redemption date. Even if the Notes are listed on an exchange, trading in the Notes will not always take place. Thus, it may be difficult and costly for the holder of the Notes to sell Notes within a short time frame, or at all, and it may be difficult for the holder to obtain a price that is equivalent to the price obtainable for securities that are traded in a liquid secondary market.
The liquidity and the market price for the Notes can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and other factors that generally influence the market prices of securities. Such fluctuations may significantly affect the liquidity and the market price of the Notes, which may trade at a discount to the price at which the holder of Notes invested in the Notes.
Since the N otes bear interest at a fix e d interest rate, m ovem ents in m arket interest rates can adversely affect the value o f the Notes
The Notes bear interest on its outstanding principal amount at a fixed interest rate. A holder of a security with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the value of such security could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal compensation rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security or during a certain period of time, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. If the market interest rate increases, the value of such a security typically falls, until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the value of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases, until the yield of such a
58
security is approximately equal to the market interest rate. Consequently, the holders of Notes should be aware that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the value of the Notes and can lead to losses for the holders of Notes if they sell their Notes.
