58
Laws and practices applicable to the Notes m ay change
The Notes are issued under Finnish law in force on the issue date. Any new statutes, ordinances and regulations, amendments to the legislation or changes in application of the law (including any amendments to or changes in application of tax laws or regulations) after the issue date may affect the Notes and/or have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, which could affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.
Legal investm ent considerations m ay restrict certain investments
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
The N otes carry no votin g righ ts a t the Issu e r's G eneral M eetin gs o f Shareholders
The Notes carry no voting rights with respect to the General Meetings of Shareholders of the Issuer. Consequently, in the Issuer's General Meetings of Shareholders the holders of Notes cannot influence any decisions by the Issuer to redeem the Notes or any decisions by the Issuer's shareholders concerning, for instance, the capital structure of the Issuer, which could impact the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes.
Outokumpu m ay be able to merge, effect asset sales or otherwise effect significant transactions that m ay have a m aterial adverse effect on the Notes and the holders o f Notes
The Issuer and its subsidiaries may be able to merge, effect asset sales or otherwise effect significant transactions. Although the Terms and Conditions contain restrictions on Outokumpu's ability to enter into a merger, demerger and asset sale transactions these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions. Under the Terms and Conditions, in addition to specified permitted asset sales, Outokumpu will be able to merge with an entity outside Outokumpu and a subsidiary of the Issuer may demerge so long as on a pro forma basis the applicable gearing ratio is not exceeded as a result thereof and where assets are transferred outside the Group as a result thereof, the merger or demerger consideration, to the extent in cash, is applied similarly than as if such merger or demerger would have been a disposal. Also, such restrictions would pursuant to the Terms and Conditions become entirely non-applicable if the Issuer receives an Investment Grade Status. In the event the Issuer was to enter into any such transaction, holders of Notes may be materially and adversely affected.
