Outokumpu m ay be able to merge, effect asset sales or otherwise effect significant transactions that m ay have a m aterial adverse effect on the Notes and the holders o f Notes
Outokumpu m ay incur additional debt without the consent o f the holders o f the Notes
Outokumpu may be able to incur additional debt in the future. Although the credit agreements of Outokumpu as well as Condition 11.2 (Financial Indebtedness) and Condition 11.6 (Negative pledge) contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and debt incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial and secured. Under the Terms and Conditions, in addition to specified permitted indebtedness and secured indebtedness, Outokumpu will be able to incur additional indebtedness so long as on a pro forma basis the applicable gearing ratio is not exceeded. Also, the restriction on additional financial indebtedness would pursuant to the Terms and Conditions become entirely non-applicable if the Issuer receives an Investment Grade Status. Incurring additional debt permitted under the Terms and Conditions may reduce the amount recoverable by the holders of Notes upon winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer.
59
O u toku m pu 's p o ssib le extensive indebtedness m a y h ave an adverse effect on th e Issu e r's ability to f u lf il its obligations under the Notes as well as on the m arketprice and value o f the Notes
Outokumpu requires, and expects to continue to require, a significant amount of liquidity and capital resources to finance its business. Possible extensive indebtedness, whether secured or unsecured, may have a significant effect on the operations of Outokumpu, such as (i) limit Outokumpu's ability to raise additional finance on corresponding or more favorable financial and other terms than currently in force in order to finance its future working capital needs, investments, acquisitions or other general operative needs; (ii) require that a considerable part of the cash flow from operating activities of Outokumpu be used for payments of the principle and interests of the debts, which would reduce the assets and cash flows available for operating activities and development of the operations; (iii) make Outokumpu more exposed to unfavorable financial conditions than its competitors, which could weaken the Issuer's competitiveness and (iv) expose Outokumpu to increases in interest rate levels. Although Outokumpu currently generates sufficient funds from operating cash flows to satisfy its debt service requirements and its capacity to obtain new financing is adequate, there can be no assurance that it will maintain such cash flows and adequate financial structure in the future. Inability to comply with any debt covenant included in Outokumpu's financing documents could result in a default under Outokumpu's debt obligations. This could result in the need to renegotiate Outokumpu's financing as a result of which the terms of financing may weaken.
If any payment default occurs, the Issuer's lenders may elect to declare all of the Issuer's outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In such circumstances, the lenders under the Issuer's credit agreements also have the right to terminate any commitments to provide further financing. If the Issuer is unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under the credit agreements may have the right to proceed against the Transaction Security in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement or any other collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which collateral is pursuant to the Terms and Conditions permitted to exist and be granted within the limits set out in Condition 11.6 (Negative pledge). If the payment of debt under the Issuer's credit agreements was accelerated, there can be no assurance that any such collateral would be sufficient to repay the Issuer's debt.
Should any of the above factors materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as on the market price and value of the Notes.
The Issuer m ay have an obligation to redeem and purchase the Notes prior to maturity
