Should any of the above factors materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on Outokumpu's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as on the market price and value of the Notes.
As specified in the Terms and Conditions, the holders of Notes are entitled to demand premature repayment of the Notes in case of an Event of Default (see Condition 12 (Acceleration o f the Notes)) or a Change of Control Event (see Condition 8.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event (put option))). Such premature repayment may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes of such holders of Notes who elect not to exercise their right to get their Notes prematurely repaid as well as the market price and value of such Notes.
In addition, as specified in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in any manner and at any price prior to maturity. Only if such purchases are made through a tender offer, such offer must be available to all holders of Notes on equal terms. The Issuer is entitled to retain, resell or nullify the Notes at its discretion. Consequently, a holder of Notes offering Notes to the Issuer in connection with such purchases may not receive the full invested amount. Furthermore, a holder of Notes may not have the possibility to participate in such purchases. The purchases - whether through tender offer or otherwise - may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes to such holders who do not participate in the purchases as well as the market price and value of such Notes.
Furthermore, in case at least 75 percent of the aggregate nominal principal amount of the Notes has been repurchased pursuant to a demand by the holders of Notes based on a Change of Control Event, the Issuer is entitled to prepay also the remaining outstanding Notes at a price per Note equal to 101 percent of the nominal amount of the Note together with accrued but unpaid interest by notifying the holders of Notes of such prepayment. Such early repayment initiated by the Issuer may incur financial losses or damage, among other
60
things, to such holders of Notes who had prepared themselves to have the amount of the Notes invested until the contractual final maturity of the Notes.
Such early repayment initiated by the Issuer may incur financial losses or damage, among other things, to such holders of Notes who had prepared themselves to have the amount of the Notes invested until the contractual final maturity of the Notes.
The Issuer has a right to redeem and purchase the Notes prior to maturity
As specified in the Terms and Conditions, in addition to the right for the Issuer to redeem remaining Notes in case at least 75 percent of the aggregate nominal principal amount of the Notes has been repurchased pursuant to a demand by the holders of Notes based on a Change of Control Event, the Issuer is entitled to redeem the Notes at any time prior to maturity either in full or in part (see Condition 8.4 (Voluntary total redemption), Condition 8.5 (Voluntary partial redemption) and Condition 8.6 (Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Offering)).
