The Issuer has a right to redeem and purchase the Notes prior to maturity
Before June 16, 2018, the premature redemption can only be made by way of a make-whole call and thereafter at the redemption price calculated in accordance with Condition 8.4 (Voluntary Total Redemption). The Issuer may, before June 16, 2018, once in each 12-month period redeem by notice up to 10 percent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount pro rata with respect to each Note at the redemption price per Note equal to 103 percent of the principal amount of each Note. If the Issuer carries out an equity offering, the Issuer may before June 16, 2018 redeem by net cash proceeds received by the Issuer from the offering up to 40 percent of the aggregate original principal amount pro rata with respect to each Note at the redemption price per Note equal to 107.250 percent of the principal amount of each Note, within 180 days from the closing of the equity offering.
Any such early redemption by the Issuer may incur financial losses or damage, among other things, to such holders of Notes who had prepared themselves to have the amount of the Notes invested until the contractual final maturity of the Notes.
The Issuer m ay not be able to finance the repurchase of Notes following a Change of Control Event
Upon a Change of Control Event, the holders of Notes are entitled to demand repurchase of the Notes at a price per Note equal to 101 percent of its nominal amount plus accrued interest to the date of such repurchase. The source for any repurchase required as a result of any such event will be available cash or cash generated from operating activities or other sources, including borrowings, sales of assets, sales of equity or funds provided by subsidiaries of the Issuer. If a Change of Control Event occurs, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will have or will be able to generate sufficient funds to repurchase the Notes that have been requested to be repurchased.
The Issuer is not obliged to compensatefo r withholding tax or sim ilar on the Notes
In the event of any withholding tax, public levy or similar is imposed in respect of payments to holders of Notes on amounts due pursuant to the Notes, the Issuer is neither obliged to gross-up or otherwise compensate holders of Notes for the lesser amounts the holders of Notes will receive as a result of the imposition of withholding tax or similar nor entitled to a premature redemption of the Notes.
Am endm ents to the Notes bind all holders o fNotes
The Terms and Conditions may be amended in certain circumstances, with the required consent of a defined majority of the holders of Notes. The Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of the holders of the Notes to consider matters affecting the interests of the holders of Notes generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of Notes including holders of Notes who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders of Notes who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
