Am endm ents to the Notes bind all holders o fNotes
61
Rights to payments under the Notes that have not been claimed within 3 years are prescribed
In case any payment under the Notes has not been claimed within three (3) years from the original due date thereof, the right to such payment shall be prescribed. Such prescription may incur financial losses to such holders of Notes who have not claimed payment under the Notes within three (3) years.
The com pletion o f th e transactions relatin g to th e N o tes is relian t on E u roclear F in la n d L td 's operations a n d system s
The Notes are issued in the book-entry securities system of Euroclear Finland Ltd, and consequently, no physical securities will be issued. The Notes are dematerialized securities and title to the Notes is recorded and transfers of the Notes are affected only through the relevant entries in the book-entry system and registers maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd and its account operators. Therefore, timely and successful completion of transactions relating to the Notes depends on the fact that the book-entry securities system is operational. Any malfunction or delay in the book-entry securities systems or failure by any party to the system may result in the transaction not to take place as expected or to be delayed, which may cause financial losses or damage to the holders of Notes whose rights depended on the timely and successful completion of the transaction. The Issuer or any other third party will not assume any responsibility for the timely and full functionality of the book-entry securities system.
The rights o f the holders o f the N otes depen d on th e N o teh o ld ers' A g e n t's a n d S ecu rity A g e n t's actions a n d fin an cial standing and the ability o f the Security A gent to enforce certain o f the Transaction Security m ay be restricted by local law
By subscribing for, or accepting the assignment of, any Note, each holder of a Note will accept the appointment of the Noteholders' Agent (being on the Issue Date Intertrust (Finland) Oy) to act on its behalf and to perform administrative functions relating to the Notes, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Transaction Security. The Noteholders' Agent (for and on behalf of the holders of the Notes) has, in turn, acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement appointing the Security Agent as the agent and representative of certain secured creditors, to represent and act for such secured creditors, including the holders of the Notes (acting though the Noteholders' Agent), in relation to the Transaction Security and the Transaction Guarantees in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
The Noteholders' Agent has, among other things, the right to represent the holders of the Notes in all court and administrative proceedings in respect of the Notes and the sole right and legal authority to represent the holders of the Notes vis-a-vis the Security Agent. Only the Security Agent is entitled to exercise the rights under the Transaction Security and the Transaction Guarantees and enforce the same. However, the rights, duties and obligations of the Noteholders' Agent as the representative of the holders of the Notes are subject to the provisions of the Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement, and there is no specific legislation or market practice in Finland which would govern the Noteholders' Agent's performance of its duties and obligations relating to the Notes and, therefore, such matters will be governed by the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement as well as general principles of Finnish law. No assurance can be given that the appointment of the agents, or the actions taken by such agents on behalf of the holders of the Notes will be valid and enforceable against all relevant parties. Should such appointments or actions be considered invalid or unenforceable, the holders of the Notes could find it difficult or impossible to enforce the security. Further, any failure by an agent to perform its duties and obligations properly, or at all, may adversely affect the enforcement of the rights of the holders of the Notes due to, for example, inability to realize the security and/or receive any or all amounts payable from the security in a timely and effective manner.
