By subscribing for, or accepting the assignment of, any Note, each holder of a Note will accept the appointment of the Noteholders' Agent (being on the Issue Date Intertrust (Finland) Oy) to act on its behalf and to perform administrative functions relating to the Notes, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Transaction Security. The Noteholders' Agent (for and on behalf of the holders of the Notes) has, in turn, acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement appointing the Security Agent as the agent and representative of certain secured creditors, to represent and act for such secured creditors, including the holders of the Notes (acting though the Noteholders' Agent), in relation to the Transaction Security and the Transaction Guarantees in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
A failure by the Noteholders' Agent to perform its duties and obligations properly or at all may adversely affect the enforcement of the rights of the holders of the Notes. Under the Terms and Conditions, the funds collected by the Noteholders' Agent as the representative of the holders of the Notes must be held separately from the funds of the Noteholders' Agent and be treated as escrow funds to ensure that in the event of the Noteholders' Agent's bankruptcy, such funds can be separated for the benefit of the holders of the Notes. In the event the Noteholders' Agent would fail to separate the funds in an appropriate manner, the funds could be included in the Noteholders' Agent's bankruptcy estate.
The Noteholders' Agent may be replaced by a successor Noteholders' Agent in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Generally, the successor Noteholders' Agent has the same rights and obligations as the retired
62
Noteholders' Agent. It may be difficult to find a successor Noteholders' Agent with commercially acceptable terms or at all. Further, it cannot be excluded that the successor Noteholders' Agent would not breach its obligations under the above documents or that insolvency proceedings would not be initiated against it.
Neither the Transaction Security nor the Transaction Guarantees are granted directly to the holders of the Notes but have been granted only in favor of the Security Agent as agreed in the Intercreditor Agreement and relevant Transaction Security Documents. Other creditors may become parties to the Intercreditor Agreement in the future. Among other things, the Intercreditor Agreement governs the enforcement of the Transaction Security, and provides that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, only the Security Agent has the right to enforce the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties, the sharing in any recoveries from such enforcement and the release of the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees by the Security Agent. As a consequence, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Transaction Security, except through the Security Agent, who will follow instructions set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. For more information, see "Additional Information on the Transaction Guarantees, Transaction Security and Intercreditor Agreement".
In addition, the ability of the Security Agent to enforce the Transaction Security is subject to mandatory provisions of the laws of each jurisdiction in which the Transaction Security is taken. For example, the laws of certain jurisdictions may not allow for an appropriation of certain pledged assets, but require a sale through a public auction and certain waiting periods may apply.
Materialisation of any of the above risks may have a material adverse effect on the enforcement of the rights of the holders of the Notes and the rights of the holders of the Notes to receive payments under the Notes.
The Transaction Security m ay not be sufficient to cover all the Secured Obligations and the enforcem ent o f the security m ay be delayed or the security m ay not be enforceable at all
