Materialisation of any of the above risks may have a material adverse effect on the enforcement of the rights of the holders of the Notes and the rights of the holders of the Notes to receive payments under the Notes.
There is no assurance that the Transaction Security, benefiting, among others, the holders of the Notes, will be sufficient to cover all the Secured Obligations and, therefore, all the Issuer's payment obligations under the Notes may not be secured, if at all. For example, the Intercreditor Agreement includes a right, under certain conditions, for additional creditors to accede to the Intercreditor Agreement (either as a result of refinancing of the liabilities to the original secured creditors or as a result of incurrence of additional indebtedness) which may increase the amount of Secured Obligations and accordingly reduce the proportionate share of the holders of the Notes of the Transaction Security. The receivables of the holders of the Notes rank pari passu with the receivables of the other secured creditors except for certain liabilities owed to the Security Agent and certain enforcement costs of the secured creditors, which will have priority to the enforcement proceeds of the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees.
In addition, any enforcement may be delayed due to any inability to sell the security assets in a timely and efficient manner.
The enforcem ent o f security w ill be subject to the procedures and lim itations set out in an Intercreditor Agreement
Even if the security were granted and were enforceable, the enforcement is subject to the procedures and limitations agreed in the Intercreditor Agreement. As there are secured creditor groups that would represent a larger portion of the Secured Obligations than the holders of the Notes, there can be no assurance as to the ability of the holders of the Notes without the support of the other creditor groups to (through the Noteholders' Agent) instruct the Security Agent to initiate any enforcement procedures. The Intercreditor Agreement also contains limitations on the ability of different creditor groups to take action under the Intercreditor Agreement and, therefore, any enforcement of security may be delayed due to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement.
Insolvency administrator m ay not respect the Intercreditor Agreement
The Intercreditor Agreement contains provisions for the sharing between the Secured Parties of the proceeds received from the enforcement of the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees. If a Secured Party receives enforcement proceeds or other payments in excess of what is stipulated by the Intercreditor Agreement,
63
such Secured Party is obligated to share such proceeds or payments with the other Secured Parties. However, it is not certain that a Secured Party or a bankruptcy administrator of such Secured Party would respect the Intercreditor Agreement which potentially could adversely affect the other Secured Parties.
