Applicable law may require that a security interest in certain assets can only be properly perfected and its priority retained through certain actions undertaken by the secured creditor or the security provider. The Transaction Security may not be perfected if the Security Agent or the relevant security provider is not able to or does not take the actions necessary to perfect or maintain the perfection of any such security. Such failure may result in the invalidity of the relevant Transaction Security or adversely affect the priority of such security interest in favor of third parties, including a trustee in bankruptcy and other creditors who claim a security interest in the same Transaction Security. In addition, applicable law may require that certain property and rights acquired after the grant of a general security interest can only be perfected at the time such property and rights are acquired and identified. There can be no assurance that the Security Agent will monitor, or that Outokumpu will inform the Security Agent of, the future acquisition of property and rights that constitute Transaction Security, and that the necessary action will be taken to properly perfect the security interest in such after acquired collateral. The Security Agent has no obligation to monitor the acquisition of additional property or rights that is purported to be covered by the Transaction Security or the perfection of any security interest therein. Such failure may result in the loss of the security interest in the Transaction Security or adversely affect the priority of the security interest in favor of the Secured Parties against third parties including a trustee in bankruptcy and other creditors who may claim Transaction Security.
The proceeds from the enforcement of the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees as well as in a distressed situation any payments under the receivables covered by the Intercreditor Agreement are pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement subject to the waterfall set out therein. The waterfall provides for a priority before the Notes to certain liabilities owed to the Security Agent and certain enforcement costs of the Secured Parties. The priority in the waterfall for certain other liabilities will decrease the benefit of the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees and in general payments available to be shared by the Noteholders and accordingly the proportional share available to the Noteholders.
67
RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING THE PROSPECTUS
The Issuer has furnished the information in this Prospectus and accepts responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of the information presented herein. The Issuer declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.
INFORMATION DERIVED FROM THIRD PARTY SOURCES
This Prospectus contains information about Outokumpu's markets and Outokumpu's competitive position therein. Where certain information contained in the Prospectus has been derived from third party sources, such as industry publications, such sources have been identified therein. Industry publications generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but the correctness and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. Information compiled and published by the European Steel Association (EUROFER), Steel and Metals Market Research (SMR), CRU (CRU; CRU Ferrochrome Market Service), the American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI), the World Steel Association, the Department of Mineral Resources South Africa, Heinz H. Pariser, and Foreign Trade Statistics has been referred to in this Prospectus under sections "Information about the Issuer", "Industry and Market Overview" and "Business Overview". Outokumpu confirms that such third party information has been accurately reproduced herein and as far as Outokumpu is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. However, Outokumpu or the Lead Managers have not independently verified, and cannot give any assurances as to the appropriateness of, such information. Should this Prospectus contain market data or market estimates in connection with no source has been presented, such market data or market estimate is based on Outokumpu's management's estimates.
AVAILABILITY OF THE PROSPECTUS
This Prospectus is available as of June 21, 2016 at the website of the Company at www.outokumpu.com/investors and at the offices of the Company at Riihitontuntie 7, FI-02200 Espoo, Finland. In addition, the Prospectus is available as of June 21, 2016 at the service point of the Helsinki Stock Exchange at Fabianinkatu 14, FI-00100 Helsinki.
