AVAILABILITY OF THE PROSPECTUS
For the avoidance of doubt, other than the documents incorporated by reference (see "Information incorporated by reference") the contents of Outokumpu's website or any other website do not form a part of this Prospectus, and prospective investors should not rely on such information in making their decision to invest in the Notes.
CREDIT RATINGS
The Notes have been assigned a credit rating of `B2' by the international credit rating agency Moody's. The Issuer has a corporate family rating (CFR) of B3 and B3-PD probability default rating (PDR) from Moody's. The rating report on the Issuer was issued by Moody's on March 29, 2016.
The `corporate family rating (CFR)' by Moody's is a long-term rating that reflects the relative likelyhood of a default on a corporate family's debt and debt-like obligations and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default. Obligations rated `B3' by Moody's are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk and ranks in the lower end of the category. The `probability default rating (PDR)' by Moody's is a corporate family-level opinion of the relative likelihood that any entity within a corporate family will default on one or more of its long-term debt obligations, and `B3-PD' rating by Moody's means that rated corporate family is considered speculative and are subject to high default risk.`B2 rating' by Moody's is one notch above B3 rating and means that the obligations rated are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk but are ranked in the mid-range of the category.
Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).
68
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in the Prospectus, including but not limited to certain statements set forth under "Summary", "Risk Factors", "Information about the Issuer", "Business Overview" and "Financial Information and Prospects" are based on the beliefs of Outokumpu's corporate management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to it, and such statements may constitute forward-looking statements. The words "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "intend" or "plan" and similar expressions identify such forward-looking statements.
