FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Outokumpu, or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to those discussed in section "Risk Factors'" in the Prospectus including the following: general economic and business conditions; changes in the competitive market situation; ability to obtain financing on terms that are favourable or consistent with Outokumpu's expectations; the impact of changes in operating and financing costs, including changes in interest rate level; legislative and judicial developments; and fluctuations in the market price of the Notes. The above examples are not exhaustive and new risks emerge from time to time. In addition to factors that may be described elsewhere in this Prospectus, the factors discussed under "Risk Factors" could cause the Outokumpu's actual results of operations or its financial condition to differ materially from those expressed in any forward going statement. Should one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, the actual results of operations or financial condition of Outokumpu or its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes could differ materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected.
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements contained herein unless required to do so by applicable legislation.
OTHER INFORMATION
Financial information set forth in a number of tables in this Prospectus has been rounded. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum of the numbers in a column or row may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. In addition, certain percentages presented in the tables in this Prospectus reflect calculations based upon the underlying information prior to rounding and, accordingly, may not conform exactly to the percentages that would be derived if the relevant calculations were based upon the rounded numbers.
In this Prospectus, references to "euro" or "EUR" are to the currency of the member states of the EU participating in the European Economic and Monetary Union, references to "U.S. dollar" or "USD" are to the lawful currency of the United States, references to "British pound sterling" refer to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "Swedish krona" refer to the lawful currency of Sweden and references to "Mexican pesos" refer to the lawful currency of Mexico.
NOTICE TO CERTAIN INVESTORS
Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that all offers of the Notes in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Directive, as implemented in the member states of the EEA, from the requirement to produce a prospectus under the Prospectus Directive for offers of securities. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make any offer of the Notes within the EEA should only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Company or the Lead Managers to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Directive for such offer. Neither the Company nor the Lead Managers have authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of securities through any financial intermediary.
