Handelsbanken Swedbank
This Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the following regulations: the Finnish Securities Market Act (14.12.2012/746, as amended) (the "Finnish Securities Market Act"), the decree issued by the Finnish Ministry of Finance on Listing Particulars under Chapters 3-5 of the Finnish Securities Market Act (20.12.2012/1019, as amended), Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 issued on April 29, 2004 (annexes IV, V, VI and XXII, as amended), implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and the amendments thereto (the "Prospectus Directive") concerning information contained in prospectuses as well as the format, incorporation by reference and publication o f such prospectuses and dissemination of advertisements, and the regulations and guidelines issued by the FIN-FSA. The FIN-FSA has approved this Prospectus but is not liable for the correctness of the information presented herein. The journal number of the FIN-FSA's decision of approval is FIVA 42/02.05.04/2016.
In this Prospectus, any reference to the "Company", "Outokumpu" or "Group" means Outokumpu Oyj and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, except where it is clear from the context that the term means Outokumpu Oyj or a particular subsidiary, and except that references and matters relating to the shares and share capital of the Company or matters of corporate governance shall refer to the shares, share capital and corporate governance of Outokumpu Oyj. All references to the "Issuer" refer to Outokumpu Oyj.
This Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. See "Information Incorporated by Reference."
Danske Bank A/S, Nordea Bank Finland Plc, OP Corporate Bank plc, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) (the "Lead Managers") are acting exclusively for Outokumpu as lead managers of the Listing and will not be responsible to anyone other than Outokumpu for providing the protections afforded to its clients nor giving investment or other advice in relation to the Notes.
Prospective investors should rely solely on the information contained in the Prospectus. Neither Outokumpu nor the Lead Managers have authorised anyone to provide any information or give any statements other than those provided in the Prospectus. The Lead Managers assume no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information in this Prospectus and, accordingly, disclaim to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all liability which they might otherwise be found to have in respect o f this Prospectus or any such statement. Delivery o f the Prospectus shall not, under any circumstances, indicate that the information presented in the Prospectus is correct on any day other than the date of the Prospectus, or that there would not be any changes in the business of Outokumpu after the date of the Prospectus. However, if a fault or omission is discovered in the Prospectus before the admission of the Notes for listing on the Helsinki Stock Exchange and such fault or omission may be o f material importance to investors, the Prospectus shall be supplemented in accordance with the Finnish Securities Market Act. Information given in the Prospectus is not a guarantee or grant for future events by Outokumpu and shall not be considered as such. Unless otherwise stated, any estimates with respect to market development relating to Outokumpu or its industry are based upon the reasonable estimates of the Company's management.
In making an investment decision, each investor must rely on their examination, analysis and enquiry of Outokumpu and the terms of the Notes, including the risks and merits involved. Neither Outokumpu, nor the Lead Managers nor any of their respective affiliated parties or representatives, is making any representation to any offeree or subscriber of the Notes regarding the legality of the investment by such person. Investors are required to make their independent assessment of the legal, tax, business, financial and other consequences of an investment in the Notes.
The distribution of the Prospectus and the offer and sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Prospectus comes are required by Outokumpu and the Lead Managers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This Prospectus may not be distributed in the United States, Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan or Singapore or such other countries or otherwise in such circumstances in which the offering o f the Notes would be unlawful or require measures other than those required under the laws of Finland. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation to purchase, the Notes in any jurisdiction. None of the Company, the Lead Managers or any o f their respective affiliates or representatives accepts any legal responsibility for any such violations by any person or entity, whether or not a prospective purchaser of Notes, and whether or not the person or entity is aware o f such restrictions. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit o f any U.S. person (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act).
This Prospectus has been prepared solely in connection with the listing o f the Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange. It does not constitute an offer of securities for sale, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, anywhere in the world.
