provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the Company or the Lead Managers to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the Prospectus Directive.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to the public. Therefore, in the United Kingdom, this Prospectus may only be communicated to persons in circumstances where the provisions of Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, do not apply to the Issuer and is solely directed at persons in the United Kingdom who (a) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order") or (b) persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order, or other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This Prospectus is directed only at relevant persons and any person who is not a relevant person must not act or rely on this Prospectus or any of its contents.
Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland
This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. ("SIX Swiss Exchange") or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 652a or article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other regulated trading facility in Switzerland, and neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Offer and Sales Restrictions in the United States
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined herein the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes, an offer or sale of the Notes within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the Offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
70
