indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (Fin: Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta 47/1993, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or (v) is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Intercreditor Accession Deed" means the intercreditor accession deed dated on or around the Issue Date between the Noteholders' Agent and the Security Agent pursuant to which the Noteholders' Agent has acceded, or will accede, on behalf of the Noteholders, to the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means:
(a) initially the intercreditor agreement entered into on February 28, 2014 between, among others, the Issuer, the Debtors (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as Security Agent, Nordea Bank AB (publ) as agent and the Lenders (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) to which the Noteholders' Agent has acceded, or will accede, on behalf of the Noteholders on or around the Issue Date; and
(b) any Subsequent Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 7.1 to 7.3.
"Interest Bearing Debt" means consolidated short-term and long-term interest bearing liabilities of the Group including without limitation loans from related parties, any indebtedness incurred in respect of any debenture, bond or note, loans from financial institutions, Pension Loans, indebtedness incurred in respect of the issuance of any commercial paper, indebtedness incurred in respect of finance leases and other current liabilities and other long term liabilities reported under current and long term debt in the consolidated balance sheet of the latest consolidated financial statements of the Group and excluding accrued interest, derivative liabilities and liabilities directly attributable to assets held for sale.
"Interest Payment Date" means June 16 and December 16 in each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from the application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be December 16, 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted by application of the Business Day Convention.
