(j) a Finnish law legal opinion regarding issuance of Notes and the Agency Agreement addressed to the Issuing Agent, the Noteholders' Agent and the lead managers of the issuance of the Notes; and
4.2 The Noteholders' Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Noteholders' Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.
4.3 The Noteholders' Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when it has received the documents and evidence referred to in Clause 4.1.
5.
NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM
5.1 The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
5.2 Each Noteholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Noteholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Notes registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 6 of the BookEntry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Noteholders' Agent or the Issuing Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Noteholders' Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
5.3 The Noteholders' Agent and the Issuing Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 5.2 from the CSD in respect of the Notes if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Noteholders' Agent and the Issuing Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in Clause 5.2 from the CSD in respect of the Notes.
5.4 The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Noteholders' Agent as are notified by the Noteholders' Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information referred to in Clause 5.2 directly from the CSD in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Noteholders' Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.
