13.4 Funds that the Noteholders' Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Notes or the enforcement of the Transaction Security or Transaction Guarantee or Replacing Security or Replacing Guarantee, as applicable, constitute escrow funds and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Noteholders' Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 13 as soon as reasonably practicable.
102
14. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER
14.1 If any Person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights specifically allocated to Noteholders under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney starting with the Noteholder and authorising such Person or provide other evidence of ownership or authorisation satisfactory to the Noteholders' Agent.
14.2 A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.
14.3 The Noteholders' Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 14.1 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or is otherwise notified to the Noteholders' Agent.
15. DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS
15.1 A request by the Noteholders' Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Noteholders' Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
15.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least 10 percent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which the request is received by the Noteholders' Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Noteholders' Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Noteholders' Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the opinion of the Noteholders' Agent more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, the Noteholders' Agent shall have the right to decide where such matter shall be dealt with.
