[We confirm that on [relevant testing date], the Gearing is [·].]
[We confirm that no Event of Default is continuing.](1)
5.
This compliance certificate is governed by Finnish law.
OUTOKUMPU OYJ as Issuer
Name:
(1) If this statement cannot be made, the certificate shall identify any Event of Default that is continuing and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.
114
APPENDIX 2 CERTAIN EXISTING FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS (i) EUR 800 million secured revolving credit facility under a facility agreement between, among others, the Issuer and a group of banks, including among others Nordea Bank Finland Plc, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Helsinki Branch, Danske Bank A/S, Helsinki Branch, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Pohjola Bank plc, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, the Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Swedbank AB (publ), JP Morgan Limited and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, dated February 28, 2014 as amended and restated on December 4, 2015; (ii) the following bilateral loans: 1. the EUR 90 million secured committed revolving credit facility provided by Nordea Bank Finland Plc and guaranteed by Finnvera plc; 2. the EUR 30 million secured committed revolving credit facility provided by Swedbank AB (publ); 3. the SEK 1,433 million secured committed revolving credit facility provided by Nordea Bank AB (publ) and guaranteed by the Swedish Export Credit Guarantee Board; 4. the secured loan of SEK 422 million provided by Nordic Investment Bank; 5. the EUR 56.3 million secured term loan provided by Nordea Bank Finland Plc and guaranteed by Finnvera plc; 6. the SEK 1,170 million secured committed revolving credit facility provided by Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and guaranteed by the Swedish Export Credit Guarantee Board; and 7. the secured export financing basic loan facility provided by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft; (iii) the EUR 250 million senior secured fixed rate notes issued by the Issuer in 2014 and maturing in 2019; (iv) pension loans in the aggregate amount of EUR 165 million; (v) USD 7 million facility for Outokumpu Stainless Steel (China) Co. Ltd provided by Nordea Bank AB, Shanghai Branch and guaranteed by the Issuer; (vi) RMB 35 million credit facility for Outokumpu Stainless Steel (China) Co. Ltd provided by Swedbank AB, Shanghai Branch and guaranteed by the Issuer; and (vii) EUR 250 million senior unsecured convertible notes issued by the Issuer in 2015 and maturing in 2020.
