The result of the Offering was announced on June 9, 2016 and the Notes were allocated mainly to institutional investors.
On or about June 21, 2016.
Interests of the Noteholders' Agent and the Security Agent: Business interest normal in the financial markets. The Noteholders' Agent acts as agent for the holders of the notes issued by the Issuer maturing in 2019 which notes rank and are secured and guaranteed pari passu with the Notes. The Security Agent acts as trustee, agent or representative (as applicable) in respect of the Transaction Security that secures also major part of Outokumpu's other borrowings.
Interests of the Lead Managers: Business interest normal in the financial markets.
The Lead Managers and/or companies belonging to the same consolidated groups with some of the Lead Managers are lenders under the EUR 800,000,000 revolving credit facility which is at the date of this Prospectus partially undrawn. The Lead Managers and/or companies belonging to the same consolidated groups with some of the Lead Managers are also lenders under certain bilateral facilities. The proceeds of the Offering received by Outokumpu are primarily to be used for the prepayment of existing financial indebtedness including in an aggregate amount of up to EUR 166 million in prepayment of bilateral facilities maturing in 2017 and provided by some of the Lead Managers or companies belonging to the same consolidated groups with the Lead Managers.
The Lead Managers and their respective affiliates may hold long or short positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions, for their own account or the accounts of customers, in debt or equity securities of the Issuer, including the 2019 Notes.
The aggregate net proceeds to the Company from the Offering, after deduction of the fees and expenses payable by Outokumpu, will be approximately EUR 247 million.
The fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offering and payable by the Issuer amount in aggregate to an estimated EUR 3 million.
Notes subscribed and paid for have been entered by the Issuing Agent to the respective book-entry accounts of the subscribers on June 16, 2016 in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing book-entry system and
