121
In addition, the Security Agent may release Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees in non-distress situations as well as in connection with enforcement and appropriation as further described below.
Intercreditor Agreement
On February 28, 2014, Outokumpu, certain subsidiaries of Outokumpu, the lenders under the Revolving Facility, the lenders under the EUR 500 million secured syndicated loan facility between Outokumpu and a group of banks to support the medium-term liquidity requirements of Outokumpu, subsequently cancelled in full (the "Liquidity Facility"), the lenders under the Amended Facilities and the agent of the holders of the 2015 Notes and the 2016 Notes (for and on behalf of the holders of the 2015 Notes and the 2016 Notes which notes have subsequently been repaid in full), among others, entered into an agreement to, among other things, regulate the ranking and enforcement of the Transaction Security and of the guarantees granted therein (the "Intercreditor Agreement"). The Intercreditor Agreement contains a procedure by which new financings can be taken subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and to benefit from the Transaction Guarantees and Transaction Security. Prior to the Issue Date, the Noteholders' Agent has for and on behalf of the holders of the Notes acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer has designated the Notes as additional senior financing for the purposes of the Intercreditor and an English law confirmation as well as German and Italian law security documentation have been executed by the Guarantors and the Security Providers on or about the Issue Date so as to ensure that also the holders of the Notes benefit from the Transaction Guarantees and the Transaction Security. In connection with the issue of the 2019 Notes similar actions were taken including the agent of the holders of the 2019 Notes acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement (for an on behalf of the holders of the 2019 Notes).
Ranking o f debt and Transaction Security and priority to enforcem entproceeds
The Intercreditor Agreement subordinates intra-Group loan liabilities to the Secured Obligations. Pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, all the liabilities secured by the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees shall rank in right and priority of payment, and the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees shall secure such liabilities, pari passu and pro rata without any preference between them, except for certain liabilities that have priority to the enforcement proceeds from the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees. Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement the Transaction Guarantee and Transaction Security proceeds are subject to the waterfall set out in the Intercreditor Agreement providing for a priority before the Notes for liabilities owed to the Security Agent (or any receiver or delegate) and certain enforcement costs incurred by the Secured Parties, in this order. The beforementioned priority of payments applies also to all payments under the Secured Obligations in a distressed situation.
The pro rata and pari passu ranking is however limited in respect of a creditor whose claim has been subordinated due to the creditor being a related party to a Group member that is subject to an insolvency proceeding.
Security Agent
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement the Secured Parties have appointed the Security Agent to act as trustee, agent and representative and to hold the Transaction Security and Transaction Guarantees on trust for itself and the Secured Parties. The Transaction Security is and will be held, administered and enforced, and the Transaction Security Documents have been and will be executed, by the Security Agent for and on behalf of all the Secured Parties in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. At the date of this Prospectus, the Security Agent is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c..
