Operating structure of two entities in Business Area Europe (formely EMEA), which are guarantors or providers of Transaction Security, Outokumpu EMEA Oy and Outokumpu EMEA GmbH, is such that aforementioned companies are acting as central entities responsible for the strategic decisions and management of all existing relationships with customers and suppliers in the business area (the "EMEA Tax Model"). To implement the EMEA Tax Model described above, Outokumpu EMEA Oy and Outokumpu EMEA GmbH have in December 2013 entered into a profit split agreement and in certain other intra-group agreements, under which the profits within the business area EMEA are split between the central entities Outokumpu EMEA Oy and Outokumpu EMEA GmbH. Because of the the EMEA Tax Model and the profit split related to it, the financial information of the sales of the two entities, Outokumpu EMEA Oy and Outokumpu EMEA GmbH, described below, is completed with financial information from audited separate financial statement of the entity in question for the year ended December 31, 2015 in accordance with the applicable local GAAP.
A description of Outokumpu Oyj is presented under sections "Information about the Issuer", "Board of Directors, Management and Auditors" and "Share Capital and Ownership Structure".
Outokumpu EMEA Oy
Outokumpu EMEA Oy (established November 7, 1990, business identity code 0823312-4) is a limited liability company established under Finnish law with its domicile in Espoo, Finland. According to its articles of association, the company engages in the manufacture, refinement and sale of steel and raw materials for the steel industry either directly or through its subsidiaries, associated companies or joint ventures. The company also engages in operations directly related thereto, such as those related to the mining and extractive industries. The company may own and manage real estate and domestic as well as foreign securities, provide management consulting services, take and grant loans, grant guarantees and pledge its assets with regard to operations related to the steel and mining industries.
At the date of this Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Outokumpu EMEA Oy consists of the following persons: Minna Yrjonmaki (chairman), Martti Sassi and Kimmo Karihtala. The auditor of Outokumpu EMEA Oy is KPMG Oy Ab with Virpi Halonen as the principal auditor. At the date of this Prospectus, the paid-in share capital of Outokumpu EMEA Oy is EUR 188,428,839.84 and it comprises 348,942,296 shares. As at March 31, 2016 Outokumpu EMEA Oy's total assets were EUR 1,430 million, total equity was EUR 561 million and net of debt, loan receivables and cash was a debt of EUR 818 million. Outokumpu EMEA Oy did not have any material sales for the three months ended March 31, 2016 according to IFRS reporting. According to the Finnish local GAAP, for the year ended December 31, 2015, the sales of Outokumpu EMEA Oy were EUR 2,362 million. The difference compared to the IFRS sales is mainly attributable to bookings related to the EMEA Tax Model. For more information on the EMEA Tax Model, please see section "Additional information on the Transaction Guarantees, Transaction Security and Intercreditor Agreement--Entities providing the Transaction Guarantee and the Transaction Security".
Outokumpu Stainless Oy
Outokumpu Stainless Oy (established November 21, 1990, business identity code 0823315-9) is a limited liability company established under Finnish law with its domicile in Tornio, Finland. According to its articles of association, the company engages in its home country and abroad in the manufacture and trade of steel and business operations based on know-how acquired in these sectors or related to or compatible with them. The
125
company may also sell IT, laboratory, financial administration and real estate maintenance services to other group companies. Within the scope of its field of operation the company may also establish domestic and foreign companies, acquire shares in such companies, take and grant loans, grant guarantees and pledge its assets.
