At the date of this Listing Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Outokumpu Treasury Belgium NV consists of the following persons: Juha Hakala and Kimmo Karihtala. The General Manager of the company is Riku Raehalme and the auditor is KPMG. At the date of this Listing Prospectus, the paid-in share capital of Outokumpu Treasury Belgium NV is EUR 18,461,500 and it comprises 18,461,500 shares. As at March 31, 2016 Outokumpu Treasury Belgium NV's total assets were EUR 240 million, total equity was EUR 240 million and net of debt, loan receivables and cash was an asset of EUR 240 million. As Outokumpu Treasury Belgium NV is a financing company, it did not have any material sales for the three months ended March 31, 2016.
Outokumpu Stainless Holdings Ltd. (established January 22, 2001, registration number 2721293) is a limited liability company established under English law with its domicile in Sheffield, United Kingdom. According to its articles of association, the object of the company's business is to (a) carry on business as importers, exporters, wholesalers, retailers, manufacturers, engineers, builders, developers, distributors and suppliers of any products, substances or materials of any nature; to act as financiers, designers, researchers, consultants; to provide services of any nature; and generally to carry any industrial, commercial, financial or other operations; and (b) carry on the business of an investment and holding company and to invest and deal in shares, stocks, debentures and securities of any kind issued or guaranteed by anybody of whatever nature and wheresoever constituted or carrying on business.
At the date of this Listing Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Outokumpu Stainless Holdings Ltd. consists of the following persons: Kari Tuutti (chairman), John Beeley, David Scaife, John Stansfield, Philip Rodrigo, Alison Kinna and Neil Oliver. The CEO of Outokumpu Stainless Holdings Ltd. is Kari Tuutti and the auditor is KPMG. At the date of this Listing Prospectus, the paid-in share capital of Outokumpu Stainless Holdings Ltd. is GBP 10.00 and it comprises 10 shares. As at March 31, 2016 Outokumpu Stainless Holdings Ltd.'s total assets were EUR 353 million, total equity was EUR 342 million and net of debt, loan receivables and cash was a debt of EUR 5 million. As the company is a holding company, it did not have any material sales for the three months ended March 31, 2016.
Outokumpu Stainless Ltd.
Outokumpu Stainless Ltd. (established January 22, 2001, registration number 2794127) is a limited liability company established under English law with its domicile in Sheffield, United Kingdom. According to its articles of association, the object of the company's business is to (a) carry on business as importers, exporters, wholesalers, retailers, manufacturers, engineers, builders, developers, distributors and suppliers of any products, substances or materials of any nature; to act as financiers, designers, researchers, consultants; to provide services of any nature; and generally to carry any industrial, commercial and financial or other operations; (b) carry on the business of an investment and holding company and to invest and deal in shares, stocks, debentures and securities of any kind issued or guaranteed by any body of whatever nature and wheresoever constituted or carrying business; and (c) carry on any other business whatsoever which can in the opinion of the directors be advantageously or conveniently carried on by the company by way of extension of or in connection with any business which the company is authorized to carry on, or which is calculated directly or indirectly to develop any business which the company is authorized to carry on, or to increase the value of, or turn to account, any of the company's assets, property or rights.
127
At the date of this Listing Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Outokumpu Stainless Ltd. consists of the following persons: Kari Tuutti (chairman), John Beeley, Alison Kinna, Philip Rodrigo, David Scaife, John Stansfield and Neil Oliver. The CEO of Outokumpu Stainless Ltd. is Kari Tuutti and the auditor is KPMG. At the date of this Listing Prospectus, the paid-in share capital of Outokumpu Stainless Ltd. is GBP 10,000,100.00 and it comprises 10,000,100 shares. As at March 31, 2016 Outokumpu Stainless Ltd.'s total assets were EUR 387 million, total equity was EUR 221 million and net of debt, loan receivables and cash was an asset of EUR 69 million. For three months ended March 31, 2016 sales of Outokumpu Stainless Ltd. were EUR 106 million.
Outokumpu Holding Italia S.p.A.
Outokumpu Holding Italia S.p.A. (established December 29, 2012, registration number 13136550152) is a limited liability company established under Italian law with its domicile in Terni, Italy. According to its articles of association, the object of the company's business is holding, managing, purchasing and selling of participations, not towards the public. Furthermore, the company shall be entitled to incorporate or concur to incorporate companies or entities as well as branches both in Italy and abroad. Moreover, the scope of Outokumpu Holding Italia S.p.A. includes carrying out of any type of commercial, industrial, financial, both movable and immovable transactions, necessary and/or opportune to attain its corporate scope, not to be carried out towards the public, as well as rendering services or granting loan and/or financing, including the release of guarantees, to the companies where it is a stakeholder and in general to all those companies belonging to the same group the company belongs to, the creating, the adhering and the participating to group cash pooling systems, within the limits and in compliance with the law provisions, including the regulatory provisions, that define the financial activity carried out not towards the public. The company can receive loans and/or financing from shareholders in compliance with the provisions of the Resolution no. 1058 dated July 19, 2005 (including amendments thereto) issued by the Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito ed il Risparmio. Outokumpu Holding Italia S.p.A. is also entitled to receive from shareholders, subject to their individual consent, equity cash injection, without the duty of repayment and these cash injections will constitute a company reserve as provided by article 31 of the by-laws of the company.
