INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
The business name of the Issuer is Outokumpu Oyj and it is domiciled in Espoo, Finland. The Issuer is a public limited liability company established on June 14, 1932 and organized under the laws of Finland. The Issuer is registered in the Finnish Trade Register under business identity code 0215254-2 and its registered address is Riihitontuntie 7, FI-02200 Espoo, Finland and telephone number +358 9 4211.
According to Article 2 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Company engages in the mining and mineral industry, the manufacture of metals and metal products, the machine and electronics industry, the chemicals industry and business operations based on know-how acquired in these sectors or related to or compatible with them. The Company may also own or manage and lease real estate, and own shares and other securities. The Company may operate either directly or through subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures. As parent company, Outokumpu may deal with corporate administration, funding, marketing and other functions common to the Group.
Outokumpu is a leading stainless steel producer with annual melting capacity of approximately 3.6 million tonnes and annual finished product capacity of approximately 2.4 million tonnes in 2015. Outokumpu is the leading producer of both austenitic and ferritic stainless steel grades in Europe by delivery volume (source: EUROFER, February 2016).
The majority of Outokumpu's external stainless steel deliveries are standard austenitic and ferritic stainless steel grades (approximately 77 percent for the year ended December 31, 2015), with the remaining deliveries consisting of duplex and other special stainless steel grades. In addition, Outokumpu produces ferrochrome at its ferrochrome production facility. The facility is located next to Outokumpu's Tornio integrated stainless steel production facility in Finland and uses chromite extracted from Outokumpu's wholly-owned Kemi chromite mine as a raw material. The mine is located approximately 20 kilometers from the Tornio integrated production facility.
In 2015, Outokumpu sold approximately 56 percent of its stainless steel products directly to end-user customers operating primarily in the consumer goods and medical, automotive, architecture, building and construction, chemical, petrochemical and energy, metal processing as well as heavy industries. The remaining approximately 44 percent of its sales were to distributors and processors such as re-rollers and tube makers.
Outokumpu has production facilities in Finland, Germany, Sweden, the United Kingdom, the United States and Mexico. Its Tornio integrated production facility in Finland is the largest single site stainless steel production facility in Europe in terms of cold rolling capacity (source: CRU, February 2016) and is the only stainless steel production facility in the world that is fully integrated into a ferrochrome production facility and a chromite mine. In addition, Outokumpu is bringing on-stream its new integrated stainless steel production facility in Calvert, United States. The technical ramp-up of the facility was completed in 2014 and the objective is that the year 2018 will be the first year of steady-state operations. At full commercial capacity, the Calvert integrated production facility is expected to have an annual melt capacity of 900,000 tonnes and cold rolling capacity of 350,000 tonnes, making it the second largest stainless steel production facility in the United States.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, Outokumpu had sales of EUR 6,384 million, stainless steel deliveries of approximately 2.381 million tonnes for continuing operations, an EBIT of EUR 228 million, EBITDA of EUR 531 million and a net result from continuing operations of EUR 86 million. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Outokumpu generated 65 percent of its sales from Europe, 21 percent from North America, 12 percent from Asia and Oceania and 2 percent from other countries.
132
