Outokumpu is not aware of any arrangement, the operation of which may result in a change of control in any of the Guarantors.
The following chart sets forth Outokumpu's organization as at the date of this Prospectus:
History Outokumpu was founded in 1910 to exploit rich copper ore deposits in the town of Outokumpu in eastern Finland. Following the incorporation of Outokumpu as a wholly state-owned company in 1932, Outokumpu established itself over the next two decades as a strong copper producer and expanded its operations to cover a range of activities from exploration and mining to smelting and refining as well as the fabrication of copper products. A notable achievement was the development of the Outokumpu flash-smelting process in the late 1940s, which became an industry standard. With new ore discoveries and the development of innovative technologies, Outokumpu moved into a new expansion and diversification stage in the mid-1950s. Outokumpu built up its mining and metals processing operations in Finland to include nickel, zinc, chromite, ferrochrome and, ultimately, in the mid-1970s, stainless steel. The 1980s marked a period of rapid international expansion for Outokumpu. This was prompted by the need to replace Outokumpu's depleting domestic raw material base and to strengthen its competitive position. To achieve these objectives, Outokumpu started new mine projects in Europe, the Americas and Australia and made a number of acquisitions, notably within the copper products business area and technology sales. As a result, by the mid-1990s, Outokumpu had developed into a diversified global metals group. During the mid-1990s, Outokumpu established stainless steel production as its core business and shifted its focus from mining to value-added metals production. In 1999, it embarked on a major investment program to expand its stainless steel mill in Tornio, including the construction of a new cold rolling facility that opened in 2003. Between 1990 and 2000, Outokumpu divested most of its base metals mining operations and made a number of investments in additional capacity and in companies complementing its technology base and expanding its product offering. In particular, Outokumpu made significant investments in fabricated copper production and metals technology companies, and nearly doubled its zinc business in 2001 with the acquisition of Norzink and expansion of its Kokkola zinc plant. In January 2001, Outokumpu combined its stainless steel operations with Avesta Sheffield to form a new company, AvestaPolarit and, in 2002, Outokumpu acquired full ownership of AvestaPolarit.
134
Outokumpu sold its copper and zinc mining and smelting operations in 2003 and a major part of its copper products business in 2005. In 2006, Outokumpu consolidated its technology expertise into a new business, Outokumpu Technology, which was sold and listed as an independent company on the Helsinki Stock Exchange and subsequently changed its name to Outotec Oyj. The remainder of Outokumpu's copper products business was sold in 2008.
In 2012, Outokumpu acquired all shares from both Inoxum GmbH and ThyssenKrupp Nirosta GmbH, the parent companies of the group comprising the stainless steel business of ThyssenKrupp (the "Inoxum Acquisition").
In 2015, to follow its strategy to differentiate from the competition in China and the Asia-Pasific region with specialty grades and tailored solutions, Outokumpu announced to divest its shares in SKS in China. In 2015, Outokumpu also divested its share in joint venture Fischer Mexicana in Mexico.
Investments, Divestments and Other Recent Events
O verview
