Investments, Divestments and Other Recent Events
Since the merger with Inoxum at the end of 2012, Outokumpu has implemented significant profitability improvement programs to restructure the Company's asset base, reduce costs and improve efficiencies. Two of these programs, Synergies and P250, were closed at the end of 2015 following the achievement of the targeted savings. Likewise, the P400 program which aimed at releasing EUR 400 million of cash from net working capital, was completed at the end of 2015.
Cumulative savings from the ongoing restructuring program in Europe amounted to EUR 20 million by the end of 2015 and additional EUR 15 million was reached at the end of the first quarter of 2016 bringing to total savings of EUR 35 million since the beginning of the program. The majority of the restructuring savings came from the Bochum melt shop closure at the end of June 2015. The next milestones will be the Benrath site closure in 2016 and the completion of the investment in ferritic stainless steel capacity in Krefeld by 2017. Total additional savings of EUR 45 million are expected for 2016, with the full cumulative savings of EUR 100 million by the end of 2017.
Outokumpu took decisive steps to strengthen its financial stability and balance sheet towards the end of the 2015 by completing two divestments: the sale of 60 percent in Shanghai Krupp Stainless Co., Ltd. (SKS) and 50 percent in Fischer Mexicana.
D ivestm ent o f SK S Joint Venture
Following its strategy to differentiate in the APAC region with specialty grades and tailored solutions, Outokumpu decided to divest its shareholding in SKS in China. SKS was a joint venture between Outokumpu (60 percent) and Baosteel (40 percent), operating a cold rolling mill in Shanghai with over 450 employees. SKS focused on the most common stainless steel grades and business had been under severe pressure over the past years.
On December 10, 2015, Outokumpu completed the divestment of 55 percent of shares in SKS in China to Lujiazui International Trust Co., Ltd. ("LTC") in China. On February 2, 2016, Outokumpu announced that it has agreed with LTC on a Put-and-Call-Option upon which LTC is entitled to acquire and Outokumpu is entitled to sell its remaining 5 percent in SKS. In parallel, the Board of Directors of SKS made a decision to stop the operations of SKS due to ongoing losses and extreme pressure in commodity stainless steel products in China. The final terms and conditions regarding the sale of the 5 percent share were agreed in May 2016. The final transaction price for Outokumpu's 5 percent rises to EUR 90 million from the earlier estimated EUR 62 million, taking into account all adjustments. Outokumpu will book additional capital gain of EUR 23 million net of taxes into its second quarter results. The gain will be excluded from the underlying profitability. In total, Outokumpu has now recorded a capital gain of EUR 412 million net of taxes for the sale of its entire 60 percent share in SKS. According to the agreement, LTC will pay the final payment in three installments. The closing of the transaction is expected during the fourth quarter of 2016 after receiving the final installment. Until then, Outokumpu remains a minority shareholder with a 5 percent share in SKS.
135
The divestment of SKS enabled significant debt reduction and extension of the credit facilities and balancing of the debt maturity profile. Please see section Refinancing and repaym ent o f debt"below.
