135
D ivestm ent o f Fischer M exicana Joint Venture
On December 15, 2015, Outokumpu completed the divestment of its stake in Fischer Mexicana S.A. DE C.V. ("Fischer Mexicana"), a joint venture between F.E.R. Fischer Edelstahlrohre GmbH and Outokumpu in Mexico. In the transaction, Outokumpu divested its 50 percent stake in the joint venture for EUR 57 million.
For more information on new profitability improvement measure, please see section "Information about the Issuer- Business Strategy - Short term measures ".
Europe Restructuring
Outokumpu is implementing structural changes in its European operations aimed at improving financial performance and efficiency. One of the main targets of the restructuring is to improve capacity utilization in Europe through the concentration of melting activities in the Tornio and Avesta production facilities and the reduction of cold rolling capacity in Germany through the transfer of its cold rolling production in Benrath to Outokumpu's Krefeld production facility. Following the Bochum melt shop closure at the end of June 2015, melting has been transferred to Tornio and Avesta and cold rolling in Germany is concentrated in Krefeld and Dillenburg. The next milestones will be the Benrath site closure in 2016 and the completion of the investment in ferritic stainless steel capacity in Krefeld by 2017. An additional savings of EUR 60 million are expected for 2016, with the full cumulative savings of EUR 100 million by the end of 2017.
Refinancing and repaym ent o f debt
The divestment of SKS enabled significant debt reduction and extension of the credit facilities and balancing of the debt maturity profile. To reduce debt levels and to improve Outokumpu's financial position, Outokumpu announced on December 14, 2015 that it had prepaid and cancelled EUR 100 million of its EUR 900 million revolving credit facility and signed an amendment and extension agreement relating to the remaining EUR 800 million. The amended facility includes a new EUR 655 million tranche which matures in February 2019 and the remaining EUR 145 million will mature in February 2017. BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske Bank, Nordea, Pohjola Bank, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken, Svenska Handelsbanken and Swedbank act as lenders in the extended tranche. The syndicated revolving credit facility includes two financial covenants, one based on gearing and the other on liquidity. In addition, Outokumpu cancelled and prepaid some EUR 240 million of its bilateral loans, including pension loans, and extended two bilateral facilities in the aggregate amount of EUR 120 million to February 2019. With these financing transactions, Outokumpu's annual financing costs are estimated to decrease by some EUR 20 million.
The key credit facilities of Outokumpu continue as at the date of this Prospectus to be covered by the same security package that was created in 2014 in connection with the entering into the original EUR 900 million revolving credit facility and other refinancing and extension measures. As security, Outokumpu has pledged the shares of some of its subsidiary companies, incorporated for example in Finland, Sweden and the United States, as well as certain fixed assets. In addition, guarantees have been provided by certain subsidiary companies for such debt financing. For further information about on the secured credit facilities, guarantees and security, please see section "A dditional Information on the Transaction Guarantees, Transaction Security and Intercreditor A greem ent".
