The divestment of SKS enabled significant debt reduction and extension of the credit facilities and balancing of the debt maturity profile. To reduce debt levels and to improve Outokumpu's financial position, Outokumpu announced on December 14, 2015 that it had prepaid and cancelled EUR 100 million of its EUR 900 million revolving credit facility and signed an amendment and extension agreement relating to the remaining EUR 800 million. The amended facility includes a new EUR 655 million tranche which matures in February 2019 and the remaining EUR 145 million will mature in February 2017. BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske Bank, Nordea, Pohjola Bank, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken, Svenska Handelsbanken and Swedbank act as lenders in the extended tranche. The syndicated revolving credit facility includes two financial covenants, one based on gearing and the other on liquidity. In addition, Outokumpu cancelled and prepaid some EUR 240 million of its bilateral loans, including pension loans, and extended two bilateral facilities in the aggregate amount of EUR 120 million to February 2019. With these financing transactions, Outokumpu's annual financing costs are estimated to decrease by some EUR 20 million.
In vestm en ts
Except as described in this section "Investments'"' and in section "R isk F actors- Outokumpu faces risks associated with nuclear p o w er p lan t projects in F in la n d ' above, there are no commitments made for future principal investments after the financial statements 2015 since Outokumpu seeks to keep future capital expenditure levels low and its assets base is well invested. The guided capital expenditure level for 2016 is approximately EUR 140 million, out of which capital expenditure for maintenance is estimated to be about EUR 70 to 80 million. There are two exceptions.
136
First exception is the so-called NIFO project (Nirosta Ferritics Optimization) to expand ferritic capabilities in Germany. Under the project the Benrath site will be closed, and overall cold rolling capacity will be reduced by approximately 250,000 tonnes. One hot annealing and pickling line (HAPL) and cold annealing and pickling line (CAPL) at Krefeld was stopped by June 1, 2014. Lines will be redesigned to a new 1.600 mm bright annealing line and pickling line. Capital expenditure for the entire project has been estimated at EUR 108 million in 2014 2016 to enable the transfer. EUR 71 million had been spent by the end of March 2016. The investment costs related to the NIFO project are included in the planned capital expenditure and will be financed through centrally arranged corporate financing as well as cash from operations.
Second exception is that Outokumpu announced on August 5, 2015 that it has decided to increase its share in the Fennovoima nuclear plant project by 1.8 percentage points. Thus, Outokumpu's share in the planned nuclear power plant increases to approximately 14 percent. Annual capital expenditure related to the project is expected to be around EUR 10-20 million in the coming years, and approximately half of the investment is expected to be paid only at the end of the construction phase in 2022-2023. Outokumpu is liable for Fennovoima's operating costs in proportion to its share of ownership. The investment costs related to the Fennovoima nuclear plant project are included in the planned capital expenditure and will be financed through centrally arranged corporate financing as well as cash from operations.
Outokumpu is currently assessing feasibility of a significant investment in Kemi chromite mine, objective of which is to build a new mining level at a depth of one kilometer in order to secure the mine's production operations well beyond year 2021. Investment planning and building of exploration capabilities at the level of 900 meters is currently ongoing.
Other recent events
Outokumpu announced on May 13, 2016 that the Board of Directors of Outokumpu has decided to utilize the authorization given by the Annual General Meeting held on April 6, 2016 to repurchase the Company's own shares. The maximum number of shares to be repurchased in one or more instalments is 2,000,000 corresponding to about 0.48 percent of the total number of the Company's shares. The shares are to be repurchased using the Company's unrestricted equity through public trading on the Helsinki Stock Exchange. The price for the shares will be based on the price prevailing on the market on the day of the repurchase in public trading. As at the date of this Prospectus the Company has announced three share repurchases based on the Board decision.
