Other recent events
Key Strengths
Outokumpu believes that the following are among its key strengths:
Leading Stainless Steel Producer with Strong Footprint in Both Europe and Am ericas, and Leading T echnical Know-how E nabling D ifferentiation in A sia
Outokumpu has a global network consisting of 18 production sites, a chromite mine, three ferrochrome smelters, 19 stainless steel service centers and more than 50 sales offices and sales agents. Outokumpu's main production facilities are located in Europe and North America. These production facilities together with its global distribution network give Outokumpu a good position in the key stainless steel consuming regions, Europe and Americas whereas in Asia Outokumpu differentiates itself from competition with leading technical knowhow in stainless steel. Local presence and production is especially important in the standard stainless steel market and Outokumpu believes that its stainless steel production capacity in the key geographic markets is a significant competitive advantage. Outokumpu also has specialty stainless production facilities in Europe and North America, which serve clients on a global basis. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Outokumpu generated 65 percent of its sales from Europe, 21 percent from North America, 12 percent from Asia and Oceania and 2 percent from other countries.
Outokumpu is the leading stainless steel producer in Europe based on its approximately 30 percent share of stainless steel cold rolled deliveries to Europe in 2015 (source: EUROFER, January 2016). Outokumpu serves the European stainless steel market through its extensive sales and distribution network with key production facilities in Tornio, Finland, Avesta and Degerfors, Sweden as well as its cold rolling facilities in Germany, which is the largest European stainless steel market (source: SMR, April 2016). Outokumpu's production facilities in Germany include cold rolling facilities producing ferritic and austenitic grades and a precision strip
137
production facility. In addition, Outokumpu's European presence also covers long product production facilities in Sweden and the United Kingdom. Based on its leading market share and local production facilities, Outokumpu believes that it is well positioned to benefit from the forecast annual growth of 1.5 percent (CAGR) in European stainless steel consumption between 2016 and 2019 (source: SMR, May 2016).
Outokumpu has a strong market position in North America, where it had approximately a 21 percent market share of cold rolled deliveries in NAFTA in 2015 (source: AISI, February 2016). In the Americas, Outokumpu serves its customers through its Calvert integrated production facility in the United States, and its cold rolling facility in Mexico. Also in the United States, Outokumpu is operating speciality stainless steel production capacities for quarto plate products and long products. Outokumpu believes that its increased production capacity will provide opportunities to further increase its market share after the completion of the Calvert rampup and that it is well positioned to benefit from the forecasted annual growth of 1.5 percent (CAGR) in stainless steel demand in NAFTA between 2016 and 2019 (source: SMR, May 2016).
