production facility. In addition, Outokumpu's European presence also covers long product production facilities in Sweden and the United Kingdom. Based on its leading market share and local production facilities, Outokumpu believes that it is well positioned to benefit from the forecast annual growth of 1.5 percent (CAGR) in European stainless steel consumption between 2016 and 2019 (source: SMR, May 2016).
World-class A ssets Including Efficient Integrated Production Facilities in Finland and the United States as well as Captive Ferrochrom e Production
Located in northern Finland, Tornio is the largest single site stainless steel production facility in Europe in terms of cold rolling capacity (source: CRU, February 2016). The Tornio integrated production facility consists of two state-of-the-art melt shops, hot and cold rolling facilities and finishing facilities, and is the only stainless steel production facility in the world with its own chromite mine and ferrochrome production facilities. In particular, the Tornio integrated production facility's unique rolling, annealing and pickling ("RAP") line produces higher margin flat products with a 2E finish, which feature minimum thickness tolerances, high surface quality and corrosion resistance as well as high mechanical uniformity. The Tornio integrated production facility is one of the most cost-efficient stainless steel production facilities in Europe, measured by the unit production cost per tonne for cold rolled 304 austenitic stainless steel grades (source: SMR, December 2014). The industrial restructuring of Outokumpu's operations in Europe has enabled Outokumpu to use the Tornio integrated production facility more efficiently and with a better capacity utilization rate.
The Calvert integrated production facility in the United States, of which technical ramp-up was completed in 2014 and is expected to achieve steady-state operations in 2018, is expected to have one of the lowest production costs per unit among the major stainless steel production facilities in North America. Calvert benefits from an industrial setup designed to maximize efficiency and the latest stainless steel production equipment technology, including the only 72-inch wide coil production capability in NAFTA. Calvert also benefits from its location near recycled stainless steel suppliers, long-term energy supply contracts and competitive labor costs. The rampup of the Calvert production facility will expand Outokumpu's portfolio of products produced in NAFTA. It will also reduce Outokumpu's costs as hot rolled products for its Mexican cold rolling facility will be sourced from Calvert instead of Outokumpu's European production facilities, reducing transportation costs and lead times.
Outokumpu produces ferrochrome using chromite mined from its mine in Kemi, Finland. Outokumpu's ferrochrome production facility is located in Finland, where it has access to sufficient electricity and is on the same site as Outokumpu's Tornio integrated production facility. Tornio's own chromite mine and ferrochrome production facilities contribute significantly to the low unit production costs, primarily through reduced transportation and energy costs for ferrochrome. The Kemi mine is the only operating chromite mine in the EU and its close proximity to Tornio significantly reduces Outokumpu's transportation costs. As Outokumpu's ferrochrome production facility is located next to Tornio, molten ferrochrome, the product of ferrochrome smelting, can be transferred to and used in the melt shop in the molten state, which provides significant energy savings as the ferrochrome does not need to be re-melted, nor does it need to be cooled and crushed for transportation. Outokumpu's ability to source ferrochrome internally and at the cost of production mitigates the impact of ferrochrome price volatility on Outokumpu's sourcing and production costs.
Outokumpu's approximately EUR 410 million investment program to double its annual ferrochrome production capacity to 530,000 tonnes as well as increase the production capacity of its Kemi chromite mine was finalized in 2012. After the successful completion of the ramp-up, Outokumpu is self-sufficient for the entire group's ferrochrome needs. Nevertheless, Outokumpu aims to continue to sell and purchase certain amounts and types of ferrochrome from third parties to optimize its raw materials usage. Outokumpu expects that the increased capacity will allow it to maintain cost competitiveness in ferrochrome production and position Outokumpu as a competitive and reliable ferrochrome supplier for both internally and to external customers.
138
Outokumpu attempts to optimize the use of recycled steel as a source of alloys in its production process. Certain alloying elements used in stainless steel, such as nickel, chromium and molybdenum, are often cheaper when purchased as a component of recycled stainless steel than in pure form, depending on market prices. Outokumpu has increased the use of recycled stainless in its production in recent years and, due to the scale of its operations and purchase volumes, has been able to purchase recycled stainless steel at a cost that has allowed it to better compete against Asian imports using nickel pig iron and obtain better margins for its products.
Strong Product Portfolio Covering Stainless Steel and Leading Product Quality
