Outokumpu attempts to optimize the use of recycled steel as a source of alloys in its production process. Certain alloying elements used in stainless steel, such as nickel, chromium and molybdenum, are often cheaper when purchased as a component of recycled stainless steel than in pure form, depending on market prices. Outokumpu has increased the use of recycled stainless in its production in recent years and, due to the scale of its operations and purchase volumes, has been able to purchase recycled stainless steel at a cost that has allowed it to better compete against Asian imports using nickel pig iron and obtain better margins for its products.
Outokumpu has a broad product offering with large-scale production capabilities for stainless steel products and a strong focus on higher value-added specialty stainless steel products and grades. For the year ended December 31, 2015, approximately 72 percent of Outokumpu's external stainless steel deliveries by volume were austenitic stainless steel grades, approximately 21 percent were ferritic stainless steel grades, approximately 4 percent were duplex stainless steel grades, and approximately 3 percent were other stainless steel grades.
Outokumpu's stainless steel product offering includes austenitic and ferritic stainless steel grades. Austenitic stainless steel grades are the most common type of stainless steel and contain both chromium and nickel. Austenitic stainless steel grades are used in a variety of applications, including kitchenware, domestic appliances, equipment for process industries, vessels and piping, containers, architectural facades and construction (e.g., for bridges).
Outokumpu is on of the leading producers of ferritic stainless steel grades in Europe based on delivery volumes (source: EUROFER, April 2016). Ferritic stainless steel grades contain chromium and do not contain nickel. As nickel prices are highly volatile, sales of ferritic grades, which do not contain nickel, reduce Outokumpu's exposure to nickel price volatility and increase earnings visibility. Applications for ferritic grades include structural applications, kitchenware, boilers, white goods, indoor architecture and automobile exhaust systems. Outokumpu's product offering in ferritic grades as well as its experience in research and development, position it to benefit from end users moving from austenitic to ferritic grades for applications where the properties of ferritic stainless steel grades are sufficient, allowing end users to benefit from lower and more stable prices.
Outokumpu is the leading producer of duplex stainless steel grades globally in terms of market share and is the leading producer of duplex stainless steel grades in Europe in terms of market share (source: SMR, May 2016). In the past, duplex stainless steel grades have contributed to Outokumpu's profitability as duplex grades generally generate higher margins than general stainless steel grades since the production of duplex grades requires greater technical skill and precision. In addition, duplex stainless steel grades generally have a lower overall cost for end users as compared to most austenitic and ferritic grades as a result of the superior strength of duplex grades, which reduces the amount of material required, and the superior corrosion resistance of duplex grades, which reduces maintenance costs and increases the useful lifespan of the end product.
Outokumpu's stainless steel product offering in austenitic, ferritic, duplex and other special grades includes coil and sheet, thin strip, quarto plate, pipes, long products and semi-finished products. These products are produced in a variety of stainless steel grades, dimensions and surface finishes, and can be further processed by Outokumpu's coil and plate service centers.
In addition to its broad product portfolio, Outokumpu believes that the high quality of its products provides it with a competitive advantage over some of its competitors. The primary factors that stainless steel customers consider when selecting a supplier include delivery reliability, product quality and competitive pricing. Customers also consider the technical expertise of the supplier and the customer experiences. In particular, in industries such as medical, automotive, architecture and chemical, petrochemical and energy, where the quality of the product is highly important for the end customer, the reputation and references of the producer are often important factors when selecting a stainless steel supplier.
Established and Balanced Customer Base Across all Key M arkets
Outokumpu's customer base is balanced geographically with manufacturing presence in both Europe and North America. Geographic distribution of its operations balances the impact of changes in demand in different markets on Outokumpu results of operations and also allows Outokumpu to serve large, global customers worldwide. In addition, Outokumpu's stainless steel end user customer base is diverse and includes clients from
