Established and Balanced Customer Base Across all Key M arkets
139
consumer goods and medical industries, automotive industry, architecture, building and construction industries, heavy industries, metal processing industries as well as other segments. As a result, Outokumpu's customer exposure is well balanced and includes both consumer and industrial driven segments that generally present favorable growth outlooks.
Outokumpu's business area Long Products sells a high portion of their products to end users. The dominating end use industries in their markets are chemicals and energy, heavy industry as well as building and construction. Outokumpu believes that its significant exposure to potential growth in the capital goods serving sectors and process and resources industries provides it with an advantage over its European competitors. For more information, see "-- Business Overview-Customers" below.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, approximately 56 percent of Outokumpu's sales were directly to end users and the remaining approximately 44 percent were to distributors and processors. Having a balanced profile allows Outokumpu to benefit from generally higher margins obtained through direct sales and reduces Outokumpu's exposure to cyclical buying patterns of distributors. Due to its direct sales and extensive product portfolio that includes special grades, Outokumpu is also less affected by imports into Europe.
A Leader in Technical Expertise and Research and D evelopm ent Innovation Capabilities
Outokumpu has been at the forefront of stainless steel development from its invention over 100 years ago. Outokumpu has strong research and development capabilities to serve its customers' needs, with facilities in Finland, Germany and Sweden and a research and development team that has a strong track record in developing stainless steel products, grades and applications. This team focuses on various aspects of stainless steel, including corrosion resistance, heat resistance and mechanical properties; surface structures (e.g., easy to clean, anti-fingerprint, scratch resistance and color); topographies (e.g., optical appearance and reflectivity) and application and process development. Outokumpu's research team develops alloys using modern computer simulations and laboratory resources and it works in close collaboration with customers and leading research bodies.
Outokumpu's strong research and development capabilities are evidenced by its portfolio of 89 patent families (each patent family is based on a single invention that may be filed in separate countries) comprised of 373 granted patents and 322 patent applications. Outokumpu also owns a portfolio of 91 trademark families (each trademark family is a single trademark that may be filed in separate trademark classes and separate countries) comprised of 602 registered trademarks and 122 trademark applications.
Outokumpu believes that it offers industry-leading technical support to its customers. Outokumpu's research and development function operates in close cooperation with Outokumpu's business areas, business lines and sales organizations to offer its customers valuable advice regarding material selection, properties and fabrication techniques. Outokumpu's research and development personnel also cooperate in joint projects with customers to support the customer's product development activities. Outokumpu also conducts joint development projects with industrial partners, universities and research institutes within national and European research programs.
