142
Stainless Steel
Stainless steel is a versatile and widely used material that plays a key role in many important areas, including urbanization; transportation; and the production and consumption of food, water and other beverages, and energy. Stainless steel's attractive properties, which include corrosion resistance, high strength-to-weight ratio, heat tolerance, aesthetic qualities and the ability to be recycled, have contributed to the increased use of stainless steel in new and existing applications.
Stainless steel differs from carbon steel by the chromium content: stainless steel contains a minimum of 10.5 percent chromium. One of the most important properties of stainless steel is corrosion resistance, which results from a thin layer of chromium oxide which forms on its surface in the presence of oxygen. The chromium oxide layer acts as a barrier between the stainless steel and its surroundings and is impermeable, insoluble and self repairing in the presence of oxygen, whereas unprotected carbon steel rusts when exposed to air and moisture. In addition to chromium, typical alloying elements in stainless steel include nickel, molybdenum and nitrogen. In 2015, total global steel production was 1.6 billion tonnes, of which approximately 2.6 percent was stainless steel (source: World Steel Association; SMR, February 2016). Outokumpu operates in the stainless steel business and is not involved in carbon steel business.
Stainless steels are divided by their crystalline structure into four major types:
 Austenitic stainless steel grades contain both chromium and nickel and have a low carbon content, with the most commonly used grade containing 18 percent chromium and eight percent nickel. Austenitic grades are resistant to corrosion, hygienic and easy to weld and form. Along with good high and low temperature properties, austenitic grades are non-magnetic (if annealed) and can only be hardened by cold working. Austenitic stainless steel grades are used to make a variety of products including kitchenware, domestic appliances, equipment for process industries, vessels and piping, containers, architectural facades and construction (e.g., for bridges). Molybdenum-alloyed austenitic grades, also called moly grades, are used where better corrosion resistance is needed, especially in the chemical and process industry. Austenitic stainless steel grades are the most common type of stainless steel. In 2015, standard and specialty austenitic stainless steel grades accounted for approximately 72 percent of Outokumpu's external stainless steel deliveries.
 Ferritic stainless steel grades usually contain no nickel, have a chromium content between 11 and 20 percent and a low carbon content. Ferritic grades are magnetic, have moderate to good corrosion resistance and cannot be hardened by heat treatment. Ferritic grades have properties similar to carbon steel, but have better corrosion resistance. The most common ferritic grades contain either 12 or 17 percent chromium, with 12 percent used mostly in structural applications and 17 percent used mostly in kitchenware, boilers, white goods and indoor architecture. The ferritic grade containing 11 percent chromium and stabilized by titanium is commonly used for automobile exhaust systems. In 2015, ferritic stainless steel grades accounted for approximately 21 percent of Outokumpu's external stainless steel deliveries.
 Austenitic-ferritic (duplex) stainless steel grades have a micro structure that consists of both ferritic and austenitic phases. Duplex grades have a relatively high chromium content (between 18 and 28 percent) and a low to moderate nickel content (between 1 and 8 percent). The nickel content is insufficient to generate a fully austenitic structure and the resulting combination of ferritic and austenitic structures is called duplex. Many duplex grades also contain 2.5 to 4 percent molybdenum. Duplex grades have a high resistance to stress corrosion, cracking and chloride ion attacks as well as higher yield strength than austenitic or ferritic grades, which allows the construction of lighter structures as less material is required to achieve the same strength. They are commonly used in storage tanks, the pulp and paper industry, marine applications, desalination plants, heat exchangers and petrochemical plants. Outokumpu is the leading producer of duplex stainless steel grades globally in terms of market share (source: SMR, May 2016), which accounted for approximately 4 percent of Outokumpu's external stainless steel deliveries in 2015.
 Martensitic stainless steel grades have a relatively high carbon content (0.1 to 1.2 percent) as compared to other stainless steel grades, usually contain 11 to 13 percent chromium and may also contain nickel.
