· Austenitic-ferritic (duplex) stainless steel grades have a micro structure that consists of both ferritic and austenitic phases. Duplex grades have a relatively high chromium content (between 18 and 28 percent) and a low to moderate nickel content (between 1 and 8 percent). The nickel content is insufficient to generate a fully austenitic structure and the resulting combination of ferritic and austenitic structures is called duplex. Many duplex grades also contain 2.5 to 4 percent molybdenum. Duplex grades have a high resistance to stress corrosion, cracking and chloride ion attacks as well as higher yield strength than austenitic or ferritic grades, which allows the construction of lighter structures as less material is required to achieve the same strength. They are commonly used in storage tanks, the pulp and paper industry, marine applications, desalination plants, heat exchangers and petrochemical plants. Outokumpu is the leading producer of duplex stainless steel grades globally in terms of market share (source: SMR, May 2016), which accounted for approximately 4 percent of Outokumpu's external stainless steel deliveries in 2015.
143
Martensitic grades have moderate corrosion resistance and are the only stainless steel grades that can be hardened by heat treatment, which gives them greater strength and hardness. Martensitic grades are magnetic and are generally difficult to weld. Martensitic grades are commonly used for knife blades, surgical instruments, turbine blades, shafts, spindles and pins. Outokumpu produces martensitic stainless steel grades in small quantities.
Ferrochrome
Ferrochrome, an alloy of chromium and iron containing 50 to 70 percent chromium, is an essential raw material in the stainless steel production. The most common type of ferrochrome on the market is charge grade ferrochrome, which typically contains 50 to 54 percent chromium, 6 to 8 percent carbon and 3 to 4 percent silicon.
Ferrochrome production begins with the mining of chromite, an iron chromium oxide. The chromite ore is concentrated into upgraded lumpy ore and fine concentrates for further processing. Prior to smelting, fine concentrate is formed into pellets and sintered in order to improve the performance of the smelting process. Upgraded lumpy ore does not need to undergo further processing prior to smelting.
In the ferrochrome smelting process, charge grade ferrochrome is heated, generally in an electric arc furnace, and reduced using metallurgical coke. Additional materials are added to promote slag formation, among other things. As liquid ferrochrome and slag collects at the bottom of the furnace, it is tapped and cast in large forms. In addition to slag, carbon monoxide is also formed as a by-product of the ferrochrome smelting process. After the ferrochrome cools, it is crushed to facilitate use in further processing.
Although it does not have any domestic sources of chromite, China has produced increasing amounts of ferrochrome in recent years and became the largest ferrochrome producer globally in 2012. China had a 35 percent share of global ferrochrome production in 2015 (source: CRU Ferrochrome Market Service, March 2016). Also, approximately 35 percent of the global ferrochrome production in 2015 took place in South Africa (source: CRU Ferrochrome Market Service, March 2015), which also holds an estimated 74 percent of the world's chromite resources (source: Department of Mineral Resources, South Africa; Heinz H. Pariser, May 2016). Other major ferrochrome producing countries include Kazakhstan and India, both of which have large domestic chromite resources. The EU's only chromite mine is Outokumpu's Kemi mine. Approximately 71 percent of the global ferrochrome production in 2015 was used by stainless steel producers (source: Heinz H. Pariser, May 2016).
Outokumpu's ferrochrome production facility is located in Tornio, Finland, where the facility has access to sufficient electricity and is close to Outokumpu's production units for further processing in Europe and from where the products can be shipped to Americas. The ferrochrome production facility is located on the same site as Outokumpu's stainless steel melt shop, which provides integration benefits such as the possibility of using molten ferrochrome in the stainless steel production process and using the carbon monoxide produced (as a by product) as a fuel in other heating processes. Following the doubling of its ferrochrome capacity in 2014 Outokumpu is fully self-sufficient with its ferrochrome needs globally.
