Although it does not have any domestic sources of chromite, China has produced increasing amounts of ferrochrome in recent years and became the largest ferrochrome producer globally in 2012. China had a 35 percent share of global ferrochrome production in 2015 (source: CRU Ferrochrome Market Service, March 2016). Also, approximately 35 percent of the global ferrochrome production in 2015 took place in South Africa (source: CRU Ferrochrome Market Service, March 2015), which also holds an estimated 74 percent of the world's chromite resources (source: Department of Mineral Resources, South Africa; Heinz H. Pariser, May 2016). Other major ferrochrome producing countries include Kazakhstan and India, both of which have large domestic chromite resources. The EU's only chromite mine is Outokumpu's Kemi mine. Approximately 71 percent of the global ferrochrome production in 2015 was used by stainless steel producers (source: Heinz H. Pariser, May 2016).
Stainless Steel Production Process
Stainless steel production begins in the melt shop, where raw materials are melted and the alloy content of the steel is adjusted to the desired composition, after which the steel is cast into semi-finished products with various cross-sectional forms, such as slabs. Semi-finished products are further processed by hot and cold rolling or other production processes into finished products for customers.
M elting
In the melting process, raw materials are melted in an electric arc furnace, which consumes large amounts of electricity. In Europe, the main raw material for production of austenitic stainless steel grades is recycled stainless steel, while larger amounts of ferrochrome and recycled carbon steel are required for producing ferritic grades. After melting, the molten stainless steel is further processed in an Argon Oxygen Decarburization ("AOD") converter, where carbon is removed using oxygen-argon decarburization and sulfur is removed using a special slag treatment. The majority of the fine-tuning of the stainless steel's composition takes place in the
144
AOD converter due to the rigorous quality requirements placed on stainless steel. After the AOD process, the molten stainless steel undergoes secondary treatment in the ladle furnace, where fine tuning of the melt composition and temperature adjustments take place. Finally, the molten stainless steel is cast into semi-finished products, including slabs, billets and blooms, using a continuous casting process. Outokumpu's Tornio production facility is integrated into ferrochrome production, which allows molten ferrochrome to be used directly in stainless steel raw material, thereby reducing energy consumption as the ferrochrome does not need to be re-melted, among other benefits.
Hot Rolling
In the hot rolling process, the cast semi-finished products are first heated and then hot rolled using different hot rolling processes depending on the desired product. Flat products can either be produced in a hot strip mill, which passes a slab through a series of rolling mills in one direction to produce black hot band, or on a reversing mill, in which a slab is rolled back and forth through a single rolling mill to produce quarto plate.
