Hot Rolling
Black hot band is used as feedstock for the initial annealing and pickling process in a cold rolling facility. After hot rolling, quarto plates are annealed, pickled and cut to the required dimensions before being delivered to customers. Quarto plates are primarily used for projects in the energy, chemical transportation and desalination industries as well as for pressure vessels, tanks, thick-walled tubes, bridge structures and process equipment.
For long products with a circular cross-section, billets or blooms are hot rolled to the desired diameter. Long products produced by hot rolling include rod coil, which is used to manufacture a range of precision components, including needles and pins, springs, welding consumables, fasteners and bolts, machined components and filtration components, and bars, which are used to manufacture a range of machined components, including valves, fittings, pump shafts and fasteners, and in a variety of infrastructure projects in the form of rebar and structural supports.
Cold Rolling
In the cold rolling process, black hot band is rolled at room temperature to reduce the thickness and achieve the desired properties. Black hot band is usually annealed and pickled into white hot band before the cold rolling process.
Initial Annealing and Pickling
Black hot band in austenitic grades must be processed on a continuous annealing and pickling line before it is ready for cold rolling. Respectively, ferritic and martensitic grades are normally processed first in a batch annealing furnace and then on a continuous pickling line before they are ready for cold rolling. The black hot band is first annealed (softened by heating) to promote desired properties in the steel. In the subsequent pickling process, the scale is chemically removed from the surface using acids.
The initial annealing and pickling produces white hot band, which is used as feedstock for cold rolling mills and can be sold to customers, primarily for projects within the energy, chemical transportation and desalination industries as well as for pressure vessels, tanks, thick-walled tubes, bridge structures and process equipment.
C old Rolling and Finishing
