The initial annealing and pickling produces white hot band, which is used as feedstock for cold rolling mills and can be sold to customers, primarily for projects within the energy, chemical transportation and desalination industries as well as for pressure vessels, tanks, thick-walled tubes, bridge structures and process equipment.
For producing cold rolled flat products, white hot band is usually rolled at room temperature on a cluster rolling mill to the desired thickness. The strip is then annealed and pickled as well as skin passed in order to improve the surface finish. Stainless steel with particularly high surface requirements can be annealed on a bright annealing line, which anneals the stainless steel in an atmosphere of inert gases. Bright annealing preserves and enhances the shiny metallic surface of the cold rolled strip, resulting in a mirror-like finish. Certain austenitic and ferritic stainless steel products are usually sold with a bright annealed finish. In addition, there are a variety of surface treatments, such as polishing, brushing and coating the steel with a fingerprint-resistant coating. The flatness of the strip can be improved by using a tension leveling line. Finally, the strip can be slit to form narrower strips or cut to the desired length to form foils or sheets. Cold rolled coils can also be used as feedstock for further cold rolling to produce thinner precision strip and foil.
145
Cold rolled products are used in a wide variety of end uses, ranging from demanding corrosion resistant solutions for the process industry and consumer durables made from polished strip, to prestigious buildings or other architectural applications that use patterned sheet. Due to their high dimensional tolerances and good surface quality, cold rolled products are the predominant category of stainless steels on the market.
Long Products Drawing
In addition to hot rolling, bars can also be formed by cold drawing. In the cold drawing process, unheated feedstock is drawn through a die to reduce the diameter and increase length. Before drawing, the end of the feedstock is reduced or pointed to get the end through the die, then the end is placed in grips and the rest of the feedstock is pulled through the die. Drawing can also be used to produce bar with noncircular cross-sections and thin wires.
Stainless Steel Distribution
Stainless steel is generally sold either directly to end users or to stainless steel distributors, tube makers and processors, such as steel service centers, who resell the products to end users. The usual method of distribution for stainless steel products varies by stainless steel type and product. Distributors tend to stock stainless steel products and grades that have many end users, such as regular austenitic cold rolled products and some austenitic long and tubular products. Distributors may also stock a limited amount of hot rolled austenitic stainless steel. Factors that lead end users to purchase stainless steel from distributors can include lead times, both due to proximity to the end user and the fact that the product is in stock, and the ability to order smaller quantities. In addition, distribution is often associated with some value added services, such as slitting and polishing.
Factors that lead end users to purchase directly from the producer can include purchasing large quantities or special grades as well as the need for technical advice. Generally, large end users, such as automobile and white goods manufacturers, prefer to purchase stainless steel directly from the producer in order to develop relationships and receive volume discounts. Many ferritic applications are used in industries that have consolidated purchasing, such as the automotive and white goods industries, which generally results in more direct routes to market as compared to austenitic products. In addition, end users interested in special grades, such as duplex grades, tend to purchase directly from producers due to the customizable nature of special grades products and the producer's technical knowledge and ability to provide advice on product selection and other matters. The tailor-made nature of special stainless steel products makes it less likely that distributors will have the specific product that the customer requires in stock.
