The global crude stainless steel capacity in 2015, including flat and long products, totaled approximately 68.4 million tonnes, up slightly from 68.1 million tonnes in 2014. The largest producers based on crude stainless capacity are Tsingshan, TISCO, POSCO, Outokumpu, Baosteel, Acerinox, Aperam and LISCO (source: SMR, February 2016).
149
with many competitors having a fully integrated production chain from melting to cold rolling operation. The main stainless steel producers in Asia are Posco, Tisco, Baosteel, Tsingshan, Yusco, JISCO, Nippon Steel & Sumikin Stainless Steel Corporation (NSSC) and Nisshin Steel Co., Ltd.
150
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Business Operations
Outokumpu is a leading global stainless steel producer with cold-rolling capacity of 2.4 million tonnes. Outokumpu produces stainless steel products, from semi-finished products, such as slabs, blooms and billets, to finished products, such as cold rolled coils and sheets, in a variety of stainless steel grades. Through its service centers, Outokumpu offers products and solutions tailored to individual customers' requirements. Outokumpu also produces ferrochrome, a key raw material for stainless steel production, through the Tornio ferrochrome production facility in Finland, and its chromite mine in Kemi, Finland. Outokumpu's production is concentrated in Finland, Germany, Sweden, the United Kingdom, the United States and Mexico.
Outokumpu produces a full range of standard and high-alloyed austenitic stainless steel grades, which comprise the majority of Outokumpu's stainless steel deliveries. In 2015, approximately 75 percent of Outokumpu's external stainless steel deliveries were standard and specialty austenitic stainless steel grades. Outokumpu also offers a variety of standard and high-temperature ferritic stainless steel grades. In addition, Outokumpu is the leading producer of duplex stainless steel grades globally in terms of market share (source: SMR, May 2016), including its proprietary LDX 2101® and LDX 2404® grades. Outokumpu also produces a variety of other special stainless steel grades, including heat resistant and high-alloyed austenitic stainless steel grades as well as some martensitic grades.
The following table sets forth Outokumpu's deliveries by major stainless steel product category for the years indicated:
