The new business areas are Europe, Americas and Long Products. Outokumpu reports its financial results according to the new segment structure as of the first quarter of 2016. Until May 31, 2016, Outokumpu was organized into five business areas with sales, production and profit responsibility, namely (i) Coil EMEA, (ii) Coil Americas, (iii) APAC, (iv) Quarto Plate and (v) Long Products.
Europe is the largest of Outokumpu's business areas in terms of sales and accounted for 65 percent of the group sales in 2015. Europe produces standard austenitic and ferritic grades and tailored standard stainless steel products that are primarily used in automotive, transport, white goods, building and construction, chemical and petrochemical and energy industries as well as other process industries. In addition, Europe produces quarto plate in standard and special stainless steel grades for use in projects and by the process industry. Business area Europe has four business lines, Tornio, Nirosta, Avesta and Degerfors with production facilities in Finland, Germany and Sweden, a finishing plant in the Netherlands and extensive sales network across Europe and APAC regions. As part of the business area Europe, Outokumpu also operates its own chromite mine in Kemi, Finland, and ferrochrome production in Tornio, Finland.
Am ericas
Business area Americas accounted for 18 percent of group sales in 2015. Americas produces standard austenitic and ferritic grades as well as tailored stainless steel products including quarto plate materials. Outokumpu has a well-established presence in the North and South America with production units located in Mexico and the United States, a service center in Argentina and sales offices in the United States, Mexico and Brazil. Americas' customers include the automotive and transport, consumer appliances, oil and gas, chemical and petrochemical, food and beverage processing as well as building and construction industries. Outokumpu believes that it is well positioned to further expand its market share in the Americas with the ramp-up of the new integrated production facility in Calvert, United States, which will be one of the lowest cost stainless steel production facilities in the North America and the only US producer to be able to provide 72-inch-wide stainless steel.
Long Products
Long Products is focused on specialty stainless long products and has production operations in UK, Sweden and the United States. It has annual sales of around EUR 550 million that accounted for 6 percent of group sales in 2015.
Long Products produces rod, rod coil, bar, rebar and other long products at its production facilities located in Sheffield, United Kingdom, and Richburg, United States. Long products are used in a wide range of applications such as springs, wires, surgical equipment, automotive parts and construction.
Long Products business area also includes the Sheffield melt shop in United Kingdom, which produces stainless steel slabs for use as feedstock for the production of flat products, and billets, blooms and ingots for use as feedstock for the production of long products, and the Wildwood pipe production facility in the United States. The Sheffield melt shop specializes in the production of duplex stainless steel grades and is one of the main suppliers of feedstock to the Specialty Stainless production facilities.
152
