In North America, Outokumpu transports products from the Calvert production facility to its cold rolling facility in Mexico primarily by ship. The Calvert production facility is located on a site that includes a barge terminal owned by third parties. Outokumpu expects to increasingly spot charter vessels in the future, primarily to transport ferrochrome and stainless steel from the Tornio production facility to the Calvert production facility.
O verview
For the year ended December 31, 2015, approximately 56 percent of Outokumpu's sales were directly to end user customers and the remaining approximately 44 percent were to distributors and processors. For the same period, approximately 22 percent of Outokumpu's sales were to the heavy industries segment, approximately 17 percent were to the metals processing and tubes segment, approximately 15 percent were to the consumer goods and medical segment, approximately 17 percent were to the automotive segment, approximately 5 percent were to the architecture, building and construction segment, approximately 4 percent were to the chemical, petrochemical and energy segment and approximately 20 percent were to the other segment. The main end-use segments for products produced by business area Europe are industries such as the automotive, transport, white goods, building and construction, chemical and petrochemical and energy industries as well as other process industries. Americas' customers include the automotive and transport, consumer appliances, oil and gas, chemical and petrochemical, food and beverage processing as well as building and construction industries. Business area Long Products' sales are primarily to distributors and processors.
The usual method of distribution for stainless steel products varies by stainless steel type and product. Distributors tend to stock stainless steel products and grades that have many end uses, such as regular austenitic cold rolled products and some austenitic long and tubular products. Factors that lead end users to purchase stainless steel products directly from the producer include purchasing large quantities, purchasing special grades and the need for technical advice. For more information, see "Industry and Market Overview--Stainless Steel Distribution."
Sales Contracts
Outokumpu's stainless steel sales generally fall within three categories: sales under frame purchase agreements, sales under long-term contracts and spot sales. Sales to stainless steel distributors and processors are generally made under frame purchase agreements that fix the terms of delivery, but not the base price, which is determined based on the market price and alloy surcharge at the time of each order. Direct sales to end users are generally made under long-term contracts of three to 12 months with fixed volume commitments. These long-term contracts generally have either a fixed price or a fixed base price and a floating alloy surcharge. Spot sales at the prevailing market prices are generally made to distributors and processors as well as to some end users attempting to secure the best price and delivery terms available at the time.
Outokumpu sells ferrochrome under two-year contracts and on a spot basis. Long-term contracts typically have agreed volumes, with prices negotiated on a quarterly basis based on reference prices.
155
Raw Materials, Energy and Supplies
