For the year ended December 31, 2015
61 15 8 14 2 100
Research and Development
The main strategic target of research and development is to ensure Outokumpu's future competitiveness, profitability and growth. Outokumpu's research and development operations involve process development, product development and application development at its three Research Centers in Tornio, Avesta and Krefeld/Benrath and at its production sites.
156
In process development, the aim is to improve energy and cost efficiency in Outokumpu's production processes while securing high-quality, consistent products and reductions in the environmental impact of Outokumpu's operations. The process development is also focused on further development of production routes and on process optimization, including process simulation, modeling of melting, rolling and annealing processes as well as information management. The product development is mainly directed at developing new steel grades and surfaces, as well as improving the properties of stainless steel products. In addition, the product development focuses on cost-efficient low-nickel and no-nickel stainless steel grades and on value-added special products such as high-corrosion-resistance, heat-resistant and high-strength stainless steels. Other important areas in research and development include application development and providing customers with comprehensive technical support. Outokumpu's research and development function operates in close cooperation with Outokumpu's business areas, business lines and sales organizations and is a source of valuable advice regarding material selection, properties and fabrication techniques for customers.
Outokumpu's research and development teams are also involved in joint projects with Outokumpu's customers. Outokumpu also conducts joint development projects with industrial partners, universities and research institutes within national and European research programs.
For the year ended December 31, 2015, Outokumpu spent EUR 23 million on research and development, as compared to EUR 23 million and EUR 6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and three months ended March 31, 2016, respectively. As at December 31, 2015, the Research Centers employed a total of approximately 240 people and additional resources are working in research positions at Outokumpu's production sites globally.
Intellectual Property
