For the year ended December 31, 2015, Outokumpu spent EUR 23 million on research and development, as compared to EUR 23 million and EUR 6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and three months ended March 31, 2016, respectively. As at December 31, 2015, the Research Centers employed a total of approximately 240 people and additional resources are working in research positions at Outokumpu's production sites globally.
Outokumpu seeks to protect its innovations by obtaining appropriate intellectual property protection and maintaining and enforcing its existing key intellectual property rights. Outokumpu relies on patent, trade secret and trademark laws and on confidentiality agreements to protect its products, proprietary technology and know how. Outokumpu has a patent portfolio that, as at December 31, 2015, included 89 patent families (each patent family is based on a single invention that may be filed in separate countries) comprised of 373 granted patents and 322 patent applications. Outokumpu also owns a portfolio of 91 trademark families (each trademark family is a single trademark that may be filed in separate trademark classes and separate countries) comprised of 602 registered trademarks and 122 trademark applications. Outokumpu's patent portfolio covers the countries that are of major economic importance to the business of Outokumpu, in particular the countries in Europe and NAFTA, as well as countries in which important competitors are located, including China, South Korea and Japan. Its most important patented products include LDX 2101®, LDX 2404®, FDX®25 and FDX®27 for duplex grades as well as trademark-protected 254 SMO® and 654 SMO® for superaustenitic grades. Outokumpu has also patented certain proprietary stainless steel and ferrochrome production processes.
Outokumpu's patents are predominantly derived from employee inventions. Some of the patents and patent applications in Outokumpu's patent portfolio are co-owned with third parties. In addition to its patent portfolio, Outokumpu also relies on trade secrets, know-how, development of new products, and technological development in combination with nondisclosure agreements and similar agreements. Outokumpu also licenses a limited number of patents, patent applications and trademarks from third parties and selectively grants licenses to its trademarks and patents. For example, in order to facilitate market penetration of duplex stainless steel, Outokumpu has granted LDX 2101® manufacturing licenses to a number of third-party stainless steel producers in Europe and Asia under which Outokumpu is entitled to minimal royalty payments.
In 2006, the size of Outokumpu's patent portfolio was significantly reduced due to the divestment of Outotec Oyj. See "Information about the Issuer--History" above. As part of the divestment, Outokumpu retained a perpetual, royalty-free license from Outotec Oyj to use patents and inventions applicable to Outokumpu's ferrochrome production. Outokumpu believes that its intellectual property is of great value to it; however, Outokumpu also believes that its business, financial condition and results of operations are not dependent on any single patent, design patent or utility model.
157
Employees
As at March 31, 2016, Outokumpu had 10,920 employees. Outokumpu believes that its relationships with its employees and labor unions are good. A significant portion of Outokumpu's employees in Europe are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
Outokumpu is committed to providing a safe working environment for its employees, subcontractors and suppliers at Outokumpu's production sites and other facilities. Outokumpu is also accountable for the safety of subcontractors and suppliers while they are working in Outokumpu's locations. Developments in occupational safety measures are monitored at operating unit level and reported to local and central management through performance management processes. Outokumpu has an Occupational Safety Committee that aims to identify the best corporate and external practices and ensure that related knowledge and experience is distributed within Outokumpu. The Group's lost time injuries per one million working hours were 3.0 in 2015.
Insurance
