Outokumpu is committed to providing a safe working environment for its employees, subcontractors and suppliers at Outokumpu's production sites and other facilities. Outokumpu is also accountable for the safety of subcontractors and suppliers while they are working in Outokumpu's locations. Developments in occupational safety measures are monitored at operating unit level and reported to local and central management through performance management processes. Outokumpu has an Occupational Safety Committee that aims to identify the best corporate and external practices and ensure that related knowledge and experience is distributed within Outokumpu. The Group's lost time injuries per one million working hours were 3.0 in 2015.
Outokumpu's management believes that Outokumpu and its subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage that reflects the requirements and the size of the parent company, business areas and subsidiaries concerned. Historically, Outokumpu has maintained insurance on its property in amounts and risk retention levels that Outokumpu's management believes to be consistent with industry practices. Outokumpu's properties and facilities globally are valued at their reinstatement value and these values are based on careful assessments conducted at each location. Outokumpu's insurance policies cover physical loss or damage to its property and equipment on a reinstatement basis arising from a number of specified risks and certain consequential losses, including business interruption arising from the occurrence of an insured event under these policies.
Outokumpu has also maintained various other types of insurance, such as general and products liability insurance, directors and officers liability insurance, credit insurance, transport and marine cargo insurance, as well as other customary policies such as commercial crime insurance, corporate business travel insurance and expatriates' insurance.
In addition, Outokumpu maintains various local insurance policies that are mandatory at the local level, such as employer's liability, workers compensation and motor vehicle liability insurances, as well as specific insurance policies covering compliance with local regulations.
Outokumpu uses insurance broker services to place and maintain the global insurance programs with accesses to insurance markets in the United Kingdom, the Nordic region and Central Europe. Broker services are also used to support Outokumpu's risk management with comprehensive fire safety and loss prevention surveys according to an annual program.
Outokumpu also has a captive insurance company, Visenta Försäkrings AB ("Visenta"), which is domiciled in Sweden and is able to act in more than 20 countries. Visenta underwrites property and surety insurance policies for Outokumpu Oyj and its subsidiaries.
Environmental Matters
O verview
Outokumpu's EHSQ policy (Environment, Health, Safety and Quality including energy efficiency) aims at minimizing the environmental impact of Outokumpu's operations. Outokumpu's all production facilities employ risk-based and certified ISO 14001 environmental management systems that are designed to assist in avoiding spills and other incidents. The functioning of Outokumpu's environmental management systems is monitored using both internal and external audits at regular intervals.
