O verview
Outokumpu's costs for environmental related activities in 2015 amounted to EUR 89 million, of which costs associated with emissions and treatment and disposal of waste and remediation amounted to EUR 81 million. Additionally, environmental investments by Outokumpu in 2015 amounted to approximately EUR 8 million. As at December 31, 2015, Outokumpu had environmental provisions of EUR 63 million in its consolidated
158
statement of financial position. The majority of the environmental provisions are related to closing costs for landfills and waste management and site closures.
Em issions (Air and Noise)
Some of Outokumpu's production sites have significant air emissions, which Outokumpu may have to reduce in the future. The majority of Outokumpu's particle emissions originate from the Tornio, Avesta, Sheffield and Calvert sites. At the Calvert site in the United States, it is unlikely that future restrictions on nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide and particulate matter emissions may limit the facility's ability to expand operations and maintain compliance with applicable regulations.
Significant noise emissions exist at some of Outokumpu's facilities and may require noise reduction measures in the future.
Soil and Groundwater Contamination
Some of Outokumpu's production sites have been used in large-scale metal industry operations for long periods of time, which increases the likelihood that contamination exists at these production sites. Soil contamination has been identified on some of Outokumpu's sites. In 2011, Outokumpu performed soil investigations at the former Avesta production site and the Nyby site in Sweden. These studies indicated that the soil is contaminated. As a result, Outokumpu conducted water quality analyses in Avesta. In Nyby, the authorities have requested some further investigations to be conducted on the site. In addition, Outokumpu is responsible for conducting remediation at closed landfill sites. Outokumpu has closed a former landfill area in Nyby and has completed the closure of a landfill area in Tornio. Ten years of remediation work at the old landfill in Tornio has reduced concentrations of metal leakage into groundwater to levels below those required for drinking water. Remediation activities in connection with contaminated groundwater continue with an old oil leakage at a former warehouse site in Montreal, Canada. In Wildwood, Florida, United States, groundwater remediation has decreased contaminants significantly. The groundwater system has been down from 2015 but Wildwood must conduct quarterly testing of the groundwater. The State will review the results and determine whether Wildwood will have to turn the treatment system on as the testing progresses.
