Soil and Groundwater Contamination
At Outokumpu's sites and adjacent properties in Dillenburg, Krefeld and Benrath, Germany, the soil and groundwater is contaminated either with metals from acids, oil, chlorinated solvents, chlorinated hydrocarbons and petroleum hydrocarbons, and respective investigations and remediation operations are ongoing. In Dahlerbruck, Germany, Outokumpu has completed remediation of groundwater with the oral confirmation of the authorities and no additional remediation is required.
Regarding the closed sites, soil and groundwater investigation has been conducted at Kloster, Sweden, and in Bochum, Germany and the authorities have accepted Outokumpu's plans for the shutdown process (organization and planning).
Soil and groundwater contamination has also been identified at other Outokumpu sites and additional contamination of soil or groundwater may be discovered at various sites in the future resulting from, among other things, the handling and storage of hazardous substances and the current, former or future landfills. If further contamination is discovered, Outokumpu may, as the present or former owner or user of the respective property, be held liable for addressing that contamination and natural resource damages, regardless of knowledge or fault, even if Outokumpu did not cause the contamination or if the activity that caused the contamination complied with applicable regulations. Environmental liability can be joint and several, and as a result, Outokumpu may be held responsible for more than its share of contamination or other damages. Outokumpu may also be held liable for costs associated with addressing contamination at third-party sites.
H andling and Storage of Hazardous Substances
Hazardous substances are regularly used at Outokumpu's sites. For example, hydrofluoric acid is used in the pickling process for removing scale from the surface of products. Other hazardous substances are also required for the operation of Outokumpu's sites, including diesel fuel, heating fuel oil, lubricating and hydraulic oil and propane, which are used and stored in certified equipment that is examined regularly. Some of Outokumpu's
159
sites, for example, the sites in Avesta, Degerfors and Nyby, Sweden, Tomio, Finland, and parts of the sites in Krefeld, Benrath and Dillenburg, Germany, are subject to rules for the prevention of major accidents in connection with hazardous substances under the Directive 2012/18/EC of July 2012.
Waste M anagem ent
