sites, for example, the sites in Avesta, Degerfors and Nyby, Sweden, Tomio, Finland, and parts of the sites in Krefeld, Benrath and Dillenburg, Germany, are subject to rules for the prevention of major accidents in connection with hazardous substances under the Directive 2012/18/EC of July 2012.
Dust, slag, sludge and scale collected from stainless steel manufacturing operations are the most significant waste categories for Outokumpu. These waste materials are collected and, wherever practical, recycled to recover the alloying elements they contain (such as nickel, chromium and molybdenum). Waste from Outokumpu production units is sent to appropriate treatment facilities or to landfill sites licensed to accept such materials.
A significant amount of the slag generated at Outokumpu's sites is processed and sold for use in construction. Slag from Outokumpu's sites that is not suitable for use in construction is disposed of by Outokumpu.
For waste materials that must be disposed of, Outokumpu uses its own landfills as well as third-party landfills. Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH used the Marbach landfill in Bochum-Hamme, Germany, until 1987 and the Blucherstrasse landfill in Bochum-Wattenscheid, Germany, until 2009. Outokumpu received the approval of the plans to reactivate and extend the Marbach landfill. Construction of the first phase of the landfill is completed and landfilling of the remaining waste material of the closed Bochum plant has been iniated. See "--
A dm inistrative Proceedings and P erm it A pplications--Resum ption o f O perations a t the M arbach Landfill in
Bochum-Hamme, G erm any" below. In addition, Outokumpu has filed an application for the formal closure of the Blucherstrasse landfill together with a proposal for post-closure measure plan. Outokumpu also owns and manages landfill sites at its production sites in Finland, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
As an operator of landfills, Outokumpu is subject to various obligations and requirements during and after the use of a landfill, including closure, securing, monitoring and recultivation requirements. At the closed Dillenburg landfill in Hirzenhain (Eschenburg), Germany, which was operated by Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH, Outokumpu was requested to conduct investigations regarding the stability of the landfill to determine the necessary future measures. The investigations showed that there is structural stability, but monitoring should make sure that the constructional stability is still given. Monitoring is ongoing as at the date of this Prospectus.
Water and Waste Water
Stainless steel production involves high-temperature processes with extensive cooling requirements. To protect personnel and manufacturing equipment, Outokumpu's primary production operations employ water for cooling. Water is used to cool steel surfaces through direct contact and indirectly through heat exchangers and cooling systems.
