Water and Waste Water
The consumption of fresh water is reduced at Outokumpu's sites through the use of storm water, recycling, cascade use of water and other measures. To reduce concentrations of pollutants in the water to permitted levels, waste water undergoes pre-treatment at Outokumpu's sites and is then usually discharged into the public sewage system or into surface water bodies. On-site sewer systems exist at several of Outokumpu's sites and are continuously monitored and repaired or replaced as necessary.
From an environmental perspective, the most significant components in water discharged from Outokumpu's manufacturing processes are metal compounds and nitrates that result from neutralizing acidic waste generated in cold rolling units.
At the Dillenburg site in Germany, Outokumpu is currently upgrading procedures that treat certain liquids prior to their discharge as wastewater in order to comply with the requirements of its wastewater permit. This will be done by an ongoing and upgrading investing into the municipal wastewater treatment plant which is ongoing to improve nitrate treatment of acid wastewater. From the total investment costs of EUR 2 million together with the municipality, the costs for Outokumpu are not material.
160
Administrative Proceedings and Permit Applications
Environmental Perm it Application fo r Outokumpu Stainless Oy and Outokumpu Chrome O y (Tornio, Finland)
Outokumpu Stainless Oy and Outokumpu Chrome Oy were granted a new environmental permit in August 2012. The permit, even though it was appealed against, enabled the companies, including the ferrochrome facility, to continue their operations. Outokumpu successfully defended the permit and the Vaasa Administrative Court dismissed the appeals on December 3, 2014. During the appeal period, no further appeals were made and the permit granted in 2012 is now final. Outokumpu Stainless Oy and Outokumpu Chrome Oy will have to file an application for the renewal of the environmental permit by the end of 2017.
Nyby Soil Survey
