Outokumpu Stainless Oy and Outokumpu Chrome Oy were granted a new environmental permit in August 2012. The permit, even though it was appealed against, enabled the companies, including the ferrochrome facility, to continue their operations. Outokumpu successfully defended the permit and the Vaasa Administrative Court dismissed the appeals on December 3, 2014. During the appeal period, no further appeals were made and the permit granted in 2012 is now final. Outokumpu Stainless Oy and Outokumpu Chrome Oy will have to file an application for the renewal of the environmental permit by the end of 2017.
Outokumpu Stainless AB's and Outokumpu Stainless Tubular Products AB's Nyby sites in Sweden, together with a third company in the area, submitted a soil survey to the environmental authorities in January 2012, which indicated that there is contamination at the sites. The environmental authorities requested further investigations. The authorities were content with the further studies Outokumpu Stainless AB conducted on its site. The site of Outokumpu Stainless Tubular Products AB was bought by Outokumpu Stainless AB and investigations are still ongoing as at the date of this Prospectus.
Relocation o f Benrath C old Rolling Facility to K refeld
Outokumpu has an ongoing investment plan to relocate its cold rolling facility in Benrath, Germany, to its Krefeld production facility. The relocation of the facility and its operations to Krefeld requires a permit under the German Federal Emission Control Act. Outokumpu received the permit for a revised project in February 2016. One of the neighbors of the facility has appealed against the permit but the grounds for the appeal are not yet known. The authority permitted an immediate execution of the permit to enable the realization of the project.
Resumption o f Operations at the M arbach Landfill in Bochum-Hamme, Germany
The Environmental Authority of Hagen (Umweltamt Hagen) has granted Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH a planning approval decision (Planfeststellungsbeschluss) under the German Closed Substance Cycle and Waste Management Act (Kreislaufwirtschafts- und Abfallgesetz) for the resumption of operations and the extension of its Marbach landfill in Bochum-Hamme, Germany. The planning approval decision was challenged by two neighbors. After an amicable settlement with these neighbors, the planning approval decision is now final and binding (bestandskraftig). Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH has completed the preparation construction work and started the landfilling. For the construction, closure and post closure of the Marbach landfill, Outokumpu had recorded provisions of EUR 8.9 million as at December 31, 2015.
Environm ental M atters Relating to the D ivestm ent o f the Terni Rem edy A ssets and the VDM Business
The Terni site and the VDM operations have been part of Outokumpu since the Inoxum Acquisition Completion Date. Based on the due diligence Outokumpu has conducted on the divested sites, the Terni site in Italy has been listed on the Italian list of Contaminated Sites of National Interest and significant environmental issues have been identified in Terni. Soil and groundwater contamination and other environmental issues have also been identified at several VDM sites. Pursuant to the terms of the Framework Agreement, Outokumpu will be responsible for any damage or liability that may arise in relation to the Terni and VDM sites, including environmental liabilities, during five years after the completion of the divestment of the Terni Remedy Assets and the VDM Business. However, ThyssenKrupp is not entitled to recover any loss, damage or liability to the extent attributable to any event or circumstance occurred or deemed to have occurred before the Inoxum Acquisition Completion Date. Outokumpu has no reason to believe that Outokumpu's actions during its ownership would lead to any material damage or liability of which it would be liable to ThyssenKrupp.
Legal Proceedings
