The Terni site and the VDM operations have been part of Outokumpu since the Inoxum Acquisition Completion Date. Based on the due diligence Outokumpu has conducted on the divested sites, the Terni site in Italy has been listed on the Italian list of Contaminated Sites of National Interest and significant environmental issues have been identified in Terni. Soil and groundwater contamination and other environmental issues have also been identified at several VDM sites. Pursuant to the terms of the Framework Agreement, Outokumpu will be responsible for any damage or liability that may arise in relation to the Terni and VDM sites, including environmental liabilities, during five years after the completion of the divestment of the Terni Remedy Assets and the VDM Business. However, ThyssenKrupp is not entitled to recover any loss, damage or liability to the extent attributable to any event or circumstance occurred or deemed to have occurred before the Inoxum Acquisition Completion Date. Outokumpu has no reason to believe that Outokumpu's actions during its ownership would lead to any material damage or liability of which it would be liable to ThyssenKrupp.
Except as set forth below, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors have pending governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Outokumpu is aware) which
161
may have, or have had in the past 12 months, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Outokumpu or its subsidiaries, as a whole.
Dispute over Invention Rights between Outokumpu and Outotec Oyj
In January 2013, Outokumpu and Outotec entered into a legal dispute over invention rights related to a ferrochromenickel production method. In August 2013, Outotec submitted an application for summons at the District Court of Helsinki regarding another patent relating to the invention. The production method is developed by Outokumpu and Outokumpu has filed the patent applications related to this invention. Outotec claimed it had rights to the inventions. In February 2014, Outotec submitted to the Arbitration Institute of the Finland Chamber of Commerce a request for arbitration against Outokumpu concerning the same invention rights being subject to the District Court proceedings. Simultaneously, Outotec filed a proposal to the District Court for postponement of these proceedings until the Arbitration Court would render its arbitral award. In August 2015, the Arbitration Court rendered its award, in which it ruled that Outotec's employee had contributed to the inventions and accordingly granted Outotec partial rights to the patents in question. The Arbitration Court ruled also that commercial use of the patent rights by Outotec is subject to agreement between the parties. In 2016, Outotec withdrew its claims against Outokumpu in the District Court. In April 2016 Outotec submitted to the Arbitration Institute of the Finland Chamber of Commerce another request for arbitration against Outokumpu concerning the commercial rights of the same invention rights. Outokumpu finds these claims unjustified and intends to defend its rights in the Arbitration proceedings.
Cartel fine im posed by the European Commission
In March 2011, the European Court of Justice upheld a EUR 3.2 million cartel fine imposed on ThyssenKrupp Stainless AG, a legal predecessor of Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH ("Nirosta"), in a decision of the European Commission from December 2006 (the "2006 Decision"). The 2006 Decision is based on a 1998 European Commission finding (the "1998 Finding") that between 1993 and 1998, certain stainless steel producers, including Inoxum and certain of its legal predecessors, had violated Article 65 (1) of the European Coal and Steel Community Treaty by participating in a price-fixing arrangement with other stainless steel producers. The alleged price-fixing arrangement consisted of modifying and applying in a concerted fashion the reference values used to calculate the alloy surcharge to the base price of stainless steel. The 1998 Finding was appealed and subsequently annulled on procedural grounds with respect to Nirosta's liability for one of its legal predecessors. Subsequent to this annulment, the European Commission opened new proceedings, which resulted in the 2006 Decision. Nirosta's appeals of the 2006 Decision were unsuccessful. In April 2011, Nirosta filed a complaint (Verfassungsbeschwerde) with the German Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht) requesting that the Court declares the 2006 Decision incompatible with certain fundamental rights under the German Constitution (Grundgesetz). As at the end of the reporting period, the German Constitutional Court has not decided whether it will accept the constitutional complaint. In case of a successful complaint, Nirosta is able to reclaim EUR 4.2 million from the European Commission.
Claim in Spain related to the divested copper companies
