In March 2011, the European Court of Justice upheld a EUR 3.2 million cartel fine imposed on ThyssenKrupp Stainless AG, a legal predecessor of Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH ("Nirosta"), in a decision of the European Commission from December 2006 (the "2006 Decision"). The 2006 Decision is based on a 1998 European Commission finding (the "1998 Finding") that between 1993 and 1998, certain stainless steel producers, including Inoxum and certain of its legal predecessors, had violated Article 65 (1) of the European Coal and Steel Community Treaty by participating in a price-fixing arrangement with other stainless steel producers. The alleged price-fixing arrangement consisted of modifying and applying in a concerted fashion the reference values used to calculate the alloy surcharge to the base price of stainless steel. The 1998 Finding was appealed and subsequently annulled on procedural grounds with respect to Nirosta's liability for one of its legal predecessors. Subsequent to this annulment, the European Commission opened new proceedings, which resulted in the 2006 Decision. Nirosta's appeals of the 2006 Decision were unsuccessful. In April 2011, Nirosta filed a complaint (Verfassungsbeschwerde) with the German Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht) requesting that the Court declares the 2006 Decision incompatible with certain fundamental rights under the German Constitution (Grundgesetz). As at the end of the reporting period, the German Constitutional Court has not decided whether it will accept the constitutional complaint. In case of a successful complaint, Nirosta is able to reclaim EUR 4.2 million from the European Commission.
Outokumpu divested all of its copper business in 2003-2008. One of the divested companies domiciled in Spain later faced bankruptcy. The administrator in bankruptcy filed a claim against Outokumpu Oyj and two other nonOutokumpu companies, for recovery of payments made by the bankrupt Spanish company in connection with the divestment. The Bilbao court of first instance in Spain has in July 2014 accepted the claim of EUR 20 million brought against Outokumpu and the two other companies. Outokumpu and the two other companies have appealed the court's decision.
Outokumpu finds there are strong arguments for rejecting the claim of EUR 20 million in higher court instances as Outokumpu believes that the recovery claim is statute-barred. Furthermore, creditors of the bankrupt company at the time of divestment have been paid.
Claim in Italy related to form er tax consolidation group
In December 2015 Outokumpu Holding Italia and Acciai Speciali Terni (AST) entered into a dispute among relating to the tax consolidation of the former ThyssenKrupp Tax Group in Italy. AST claims payment of approximately EUR 23 million resulting from the former tax consolidation of the Italian tax group managed by
162
ThyssenKrupp. Outokumpu Holding Italia is the former ThyssenKrupp holding company and was transferred to Inoxum as part of the carve-out in 2011. The EUR 23 million claim resulted from former tax installments paid by ThyssenKrupp Italia in 2006 which not have been properly settled towards AST in the following years. Outokumpu has in March 2016 presented its defense against the claim as it holds the claim unjustified.
Agreements outside the Ordinary Course of Business
Framework Agreement
