Agreements outside the Ordinary Course of Business
On November 29 2013, Outokumpu entered into Framework Agreement with ThyssenKrupp whereby Outokumpu Oyj agreed to sell to ThyssenKrupp the Terni production facility in order to comply with the commitments made to the European Commission: AST, Terninox S.p.A., Aspasiel S.r.l., Tubificio di Terni S.p.A. and Societa delle Fucine S.r.l., as well as the shares in companies that owned Outokumpu's service centers in Willich, Germany; Barcelona, Spain; Gebze, Turkey; and Tours, France (together, the "Terni Remedy Assets") and the shares in legal entities that owned and operated the HPA business (the "VDM Business") in return for the full transferal and consequently cancellation of the Loan Note (the "Framework Agreement"). The divestment of the Terni Remedy Assets and the VDM Business was completed on February 28, 2014. Such divestment was subject to the completion of certain refinancing measures (see "Information about the Issuer-- Investments, Divestm ents and O ther R ecent Events--R efinancing and Repaym ent o f D e b t") and it constituted final settlement of all remedy related obligations between Outokumpu and ThyssenKrupp.
In the Framework Agreement, Outokumpu and ThyssenKrupp provided certain warranties and undertakings to each other. In addition to certain customary warranties, the warranties provided by Outokumpu include a warranty covering damages or liabilities resulting from environmental matters or breach of any applicable laws in relation to antibribery, corruption or competition during Outokumpu's time of ownership of the divested businesses. The maximum aggregate liability of Outokumpu for breach of warranty is EUR 100 million and any loss, damage or liability may not be recovered to the extent attributable to any event or circumstance occurred or deemed to have occurred before December 28, 2012. The claim notice period for breach of warranty is either five years or 18 months from the completion date of the divestment of Terni Remedy Assets and the VDM Business depending on the claim.
Inoxum Acquisition
Overview
On January 31, 2012, Outokumpu Oyj entered into a business combination agreement (the "Business Combination Agreement") with ThyssenKrupp, pursuant to which Outokumpu acquired from ThyssenKrupp all shares in both Inoxum GmbH and ThyssenKrupp Nirosta GmbH, the parent companies of the group comprising the stainless steel business of ThyssenKrupp. The Inoxum Acquisition was completed on December 28, 2012. Outokumpu entered into several agreements in relation to this transaction, some of which are still effective.
Business Combination Agreement
In the Business Combination Agreement, Outokumpu Oyj and ThyssenKrupp provided certain warranties and undertakings to each other. The warranties provided by ThyssenKrupp included that all agreements entered into between Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp regarding shared services and continued operations after the completion of the Inoxum Acquisition that are material to Inoxum's business were disclosed to Outokumpu and that they were all arm's length agreements. ThyssenKrupp agreed to offer employment to up to 600 employees of the Bochum or Krefeld melt shops within 30 days of the implementation of measures directed to the closures of those melt shops. In accordance with the Framework Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement was terminated as of the closing of the divestment of the Terni Remedy Assets and the VDM Business, except for some sections regarding, for example, tax covenant, guarantees and employees of the Bochum and Krefeld melt shops.
163
