Overview
Inoxum (now, Outokumpu) and ThyssenKrupp established general principles for continuing such relationships in an interface framework agreement (the "Interface Framework Agreement"). In the Business Combination Agreement, ThyssenKrupp provided a warranty that all of the material agreements governing relationships between Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp that have been entered into, varied or amended as a result of, and in connection with, ThyssenKrupp's separation of its stainless steel and high performance alloys businesses from its other operations (the "Inoxum Separation") are arm's length arrangements.
The majority of the agreements relating to such relationships concern matters in the ordinary course of business, such as IT systems and electronic data and firefighting services. A smaller number concern more significant matters, such as cash pooling, hedging contracts, sharing of sites, raw material supply and mill services.
164
The following summaries relate to the material arrangements between Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp that has continued after the completion of the Inoxum Acquisition.
Interface Framework Agreement
In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement (see "--Business Combination A greem en t" above), on January 31, 2012, ThyssenKrupp, Inoxum GmbH and Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH entered into the Interface Framework Agreement, which provides a framework for the Inoxum Separation by defining the allocation of liabilities between Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp (and their respective subsidiary companies), providing general principles for agreements regarding shared functions and facilities that will continue after the completion of the Inoxum Separation and setting forth the terms for the transition of certain other functions, such as insurance, intellectual property, IT, cash pooling and hedging.
With respect to the allocation of liabilities, Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp agreed on a reciprocal indemnification in the event that one party is held responsible for any liabilities that are related to the activities of the other party and exist at the completion of the Inoxum Acquisition. In addition, Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp also agreed on reciprocal indemnification in the event subsidies and comparable benefits that were originally attributed to one party are reclaimed from the other party.
With respect to general principles governing business arrangements that will remain in place following the Inoxum Separation, Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp agreed that such existing relationships that are governed by written agreements will, subject to exceptions, continue according to their terms. Existing relationships that are not governed by written agreements will continue on arm's length terms. In addition, existing IT systems were separated as of the completion of the Inoxum Acquisition, except for IT systems that are subject to an agreed transition period. As of the completion of the Inoxum Acquisition, any electronic data stored on the IT systems of Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp was migrated unless such migration would have caused an unreasonable amount of work or costs. In the case of data that the parties agree was not migrated, the parties ensured that an accession right to such electronic data was granted for a transition period of at most two years from the completion of the Inoxum Acquisition.
