With respect to the allocation of liabilities, Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp agreed on a reciprocal indemnification in the event that one party is held responsible for any liabilities that are related to the activities of the other party and exist at the completion of the Inoxum Acquisition. In addition, Inoxum and ThyssenKrupp also agreed on reciprocal indemnification in the event subsidies and comparable benefits that were originally attributed to one party are reclaimed from the other party.
The Interface Framework Agreement will remain in force despite the overall termination of the Business Combination Agreement and will expire five years after the Inoxum Acquisition Completion Date.
Calvert
Memorandum of Understanding and Service Agreements
In December 2011, ThyssenKrupp Steel USA, LLC ("Steel USA" Outokumpu Stainless USA, LLC) and Stainless USA (Outokumpu Americas, Inc.) entered into a memorandum of understanding regarding interfaces at the Calvert integrated production facility in the United States (the "Calvert MoU"). Stainless USA and Steel USA are reliant upon the joint use of the facilities and infrastructure. The parties agree to conclude contracts based in the principles in the Calvert MoU regarding the following interfaces: real estate and easements, river terminal, roads, rail and site access, utilities power, utilities natural gas, utilities potable water, underground piping systems, storm water, drainage system and structures, industrial gases, emergency services, site security, IT services and infrastructure, waste water treatment plant, and hot rolling (see "--H ot Rolling Agreem ent" below). The parties also agree to establish a training center memorandum of understanding with the Alabama Industrial Development Training for continuance of the incentive package as provided by the State of Alabama.
As at the Completion Date, all agreements envisaged by the Calvert MoU had been entered into by the relevant parties, including a river terminal services agreement, a use of rail services agreement, an industrial gas supply agreement, a site security services agreement, a fire and rescue emergency services agreement, a front gate logistics services agreement, a waste water treatment services agreement, an agreement to convey property, a land lease agreement regarding the waste water treatment facility, a natural gas hedging agreement and a potable water agreement. These agreements continue to be effective as at the date of this Prospectus.
165
Hot Rolling Agreement
In October 2011, Steel USA (Outokumpu Stainless USA, LLC) and Stainless USA (Outokumpu Americas, Inc.) entered into an agreement regarding hot rolling services at the Calvert integrated production facility (the "Calvert HRA"). In February 2014, ThyssenKrupp sold its carbon steel operations at the Calvert site to ArcelorMittal and Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation. Steel USA agreed to hot roll slabs provided by Stainless USA to produce stainless steel coils. The Calvert HRA sets forth reserved capacities, for which Stainless USA must pay, subject to certain exceptions, even if it is not used, and maximum capacities, which represent the maximum volume of slabs that Steel USA agreed to process. Steel USA agreed to reserve the necessary processing capacity to produce the reserved capacity and to make available capacity up to the maximum capacity in accordance with the needs of Stainless USA. Upon the request of Stainless USA, Steel USA has the option to agree to process slabs in excess of the maximum capacity.
