October 1, 2014 - termination
9002
1Divided into two six-month periods with a reserved capacity of 356,250 tonnes each. 2Divided into two six-month periods with a maximum capacity of 450,000 tonnes each.
Subject to limited exceptions, Stainless USA's minimum payment (fixed fee) for any period is based on the reserved capacity, even if Steel USA processed less than the reserved capacity. In addition to the fixed fee that is calculated on the basis of the reserved capacity, Stainless USA must pay a variable fee based on the amount of material processed. Beginning in October 2014, the price of hot rolling services under the Calvert HRA is subject to annual adjustment based on the proportion of Stainless USA's use of the Calvert hot rolling mill's capacity to Steel USA's use of such capacity. In addition, the price is subject to monthly adjustment for the cost of labor, materials and utilities as well as for certain other items.
The Calvert HRA will remain in force for 25 years from October 1, 2011 and contains certain customary provisions for termination for cause. For example, the parties may terminate the agreement if the other party commits a material breach of any of its obligations, makes any voluntary arrangement with its creditors or appoints an administrator for purposes of placing itself into insolvency, goes into liquidation, or threatens to cease carrying on its business. If the Calvert HRA is terminated for cause, the terminating party may be entitled to liquidated damages of at least USD 100 million. Termination without cause is not permitted during the first 15 years of the Calvert HRA, after which termination without cause is permitted with a notice period of 36 months.
K refeld
Real Estate Framework Agreement
In December 2011, Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH, ThyssenKrupp Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH & Co. KG Stahl ("IV") and Thyssen Liegenschaften Verwaltungs- und Verwertungs GmbH & Co. KG Stahl (together with IV, the "Landowners") entered into a framework agreement regarding the reorganization of real estate at the shared Krefeld industrial site as part of the Inoxum Separation (the "Krefeld Real Estate Framework Agreement"). In the Krefeld Real Estate Framework Agreement, Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH and the Landowners irrevocably and mutually offer to conclude the following agreements with each other:
a HBR regarding certain land at the Krefeld industrial site not owned by Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH (see "-- H ereditary Building R ig h t"below);
