In December 2011, Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH, ThyssenKrupp Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH & Co. KG Stahl ("IV") and Thyssen Liegenschaften Verwaltungs- und Verwertungs GmbH & Co. KG Stahl (together with IV, the "Landowners") entered into a framework agreement regarding the reorganization of real estate at the shared Krefeld industrial site as part of the Inoxum Separation (the "Krefeld Real Estate Framework Agreement"). In the Krefeld Real Estate Framework Agreement, Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH and the Landowners irrevocably and mutually offer to conclude the following agreements with each other:
a lease agreement regarding an office park at the Krefeld industrial site (see "--Office L ease" below); and a lease agreement regarding certain equipment, including rolling gates, a crane, an elevator, a heating system
and fire protection equipment of the office park at the Krefeld industrial site.
166
Hereditary Building Right
Pursuant to the Krefeld Real Estate Framework Agreement, the Landowners made an irrevocable offer to enter into a hereditary building right agreement (the "HBR Agreement") with Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH as freeholder regarding a HBR to certain properties at the Krefeld industrial site in Germany (the "Krefeld HBR"). A HBR is a form of legal estate in land under German law that gives the beneficiary the right to erect, own and use a building on a parcel of land without owning the respective parcel. An HBR can be encumbered with easements and mortgages, subject to the approval of the landowner (if parties have agreed that approval is required), and is freely transferable as if it constituted absolute ownership of the respective parcel of land. Moreover, an HBR persists even if the land is sold by a compulsory sale. Prior to its expiration, an HBR can be cancelled, subject to the statutory and contractual provisions on the return of the HBR to the landowner. If the HBR obligee becomes insolvent, is in delay with at least two annual amounts of the ground rent or violates material obligations under the HBR creation agreement, then the landowner can demand that the HBR be returned (if the parties so agree in the HBR creation agreement). In case of either termination or return of the HBR, the landowner is obliged to pay compensation for the building to the HBR obligee. The compensation amount to be paid to the HBR obligee is subject to the contractual provisions in the HBR creation agreement and can be excluded by the parties.
The purchase price for the existing buildings is EUR 14.4 million and the annual ground rent is approximately EUR 1.65 million, subject to adjustment. Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH is responsible for the real estate transfer tax, which is expected to be approximately EUR 2.2 million. All existing agreements regarding the properties and buildings that are encumbered by the Krefeld HBR will be transferred from the Landowners to Inoxum. Any compensation in case of the return of the buildings payable by the Landowners to Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH has been excluded. Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH will be responsible for the buildings and the properties encumbered by the Krefeld HBR. In addition, Inoxum will be liable for any contamination or preexisting ground contamination, including contamination and pollution caused prior to the creation of the Krefeld HBR, and has to indemnify the Landowners for certain damages from public rulings issued because of disclosed or presumed ground contamination. The HBR Agreement also provides for a reciprocal preemption right (Vorkaufsrecht). Pursuant to German law, the Krefeld HBR must be registered in the first rank in section II in the land register, which will require that all existing easement holders and mortgagees approve the ranking of the Krefeld HBR with higher priority than their own rank in the land register. The Krefeld HBR will have a fixed term of 99 years commencing on the date of its registration in the land register and cannot be unilaterally terminated for convenience or cause.
Office Lease
Pursuant to the Krefeld Real Estate Framework Agreement, the Landowners and Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH entered into a lease for indoor and outdoor space used by Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH as offices, archives, canteen, warehouse, laboratory, car park or for agricultural use (the "Krefeld Office Lease Agreement"). The leased premises include an office park of 12,633 square meters as well as hall areas, canteen space, parking spaces and agricultural space. The total monthly rent is approximately EUR 227,000 (including expenses and VAT), subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the Krefeld Office Lease Agreement, Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH must remove all constructional alterations and all fixtures installed by it at the end of the lease without compensation. Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH is also liable for all maintenance and repairs within the leased premises. Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH has been operating at the site for years and, therefore, is ultimately liable for any contamination or pollution affecting the land and buildings. The Krefeld Office Lease Agreement will be valid for 30 years and cannot be terminated for convenience or cause.
