Office Lease
O STP Joint Venture Agreem ents
In September 2011, Outokumpu Stainless Steel Oy (currently Outokumpu EMEA Oy) and Tubinoxia entered into the share purchase agreement whereby Tubinoxia purchased a 36 percent share in Outokumpu Stainless Tubular Products business to form the OSTP JV. At the same time, Outokumpu and Tubinoxia entered into the shareholders' agreement.
As at the date of this Prospectus, Tubinoxia owns 51 percent of the shares in the OSTP JV since Tubinoxia exercised its option to acquire an additional 15 percent of the shares in January 2013. Outokumpu will continue to be the primary supplier of raw materials to the OSTP JV. Outokumpu financed the turnaround plan announced
167
in 2011, which included impairments, restructuring costs and financing of operations (i.e., losses and working capital needs). As Outokumpu is now a minority shareholder, it will no longer give additional financing to the OSTP JV. According to the OSTP JV's corporate strategy and plans to improve the company's performance, focus will be on process pipes and butt-weld fittings, consolidating the company's production structure and reducing costs by streamlining its organization.
The OSTP JV is managed by a board of directors consisting of four directors. The majority shareholder appoints three members of the board of directors and the minority member appoints one member of the board of directors. Certain matters must be approved by both Outokumpu and Tubinoxia. Outokumpu also produces pipes at its Wildwood tubular products production facility in Florida, United States, which is not part of the OSTP JV.
Shareholder A greem ent between the Shareholders o f Voimaosakeyhtio SF
In February 2014, Outokumpu Oyj entered into a shareholder agreement among the shareholders of Voimaosakeyhtio SF, which owns a share in Fennovoima, which was granted a decision-in-principle by the Government of Finland to build a new nuclear power plant in Finland. In August 2015, Outokumpu agreed to increase its share in Voimaosakeyhtio SF by 1.8 percentage points. Outokumpu's indirect interest in Fennovoima is approximately 14 percent. When operational, shareholders in Fennovoima will be able to procure electricity at cost against payment of their pro rata share of operating expenses of the power plant (so-called "Mankala" principle).
