Shareholder A greem ent between the Shareholders o f Voimaosakeyhtio SF
M anga LN G Joint Venture A greem ent
In December 2014 Outokumpu and three other companies entered into agreements regarding the incorporation of a joint venture company Manga LNG Oy to build and operate a liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal at Tornio Harbor and procure LNG for its owners. Outokumpu invests approximately EUR 30 million into using LNG at Tornio mill instead of propane gas. The vast majority of the investment, phased over the years from 2015 to 2018, is used to proceed with the required equipment modifications at the Tornio mill. Outokumpu's share of Manga LNG Oy is 45 percent as at May 31, 2016. The owners of Manga LNG Oy have entered into shareholders' agreement regarding the ownership and governance of Manga LNG Oy and its subsidiary, and into take-or-pay agreements regarding the supply of LNG the shareholders and, into other customary agreements relating to the company.
Equity Transfer A greem ent R egarding Shanghai Krupp Stainless Co., Ltd. (SKS)
In October 2015 Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH signed an agreement with LTC, regarding Shanghai Krupp Stainless Co., Ltd. (SKS) in China. SKS is a Shanghai-based joint venture between Outokumpu and Baosteel, who have held 60 and 40 percent respectively. According to the agreement, Outokumpu agreed to divest 55 percent of SKS shares to LTC. Outokumpu Nirosta GmbH has subsequently agreed with LTC that it will sell its remaining 5 percent share in SKS to LTC and the operations of SKS will be stopped. The final terms and conditions regarding the sale of the 5 percent share were agreed in May 2015. According to the agreement, LTV will pay the final payment in three installments. The closing of the transaction is expected during the fourth quarter of 2016 after receiving the final installment. Until then, Outokumpu remains a minority shareholder with a 5 percent share in SKS. In the agreements Outokumpu gave customary representations and warranties to LTC and is liable for to indemnify LTC from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses arising from or in connection with any inaccuracy in or breach of the representations or warranties or breach of any transaction document.
Share Sale and Purchase A greem ent regarding Fischer M exicana
In September 2015 Outokumpu entered into a share sale and purchase agreement with F.E.R. Fischer Edelstahlrohre GmbH ("Fischer") regarding Fischer Mexicana, the joint venture between these two companies, whereupon Outokumpu agreed to divest to Fischer its 50 percent stake in the joint venture for USD 63 million. Outokumpu completed the transaction in December 2015. In the share sale and purchase agreement Outokumpu gave customary representations and warranties to Fischer regarding the shares and Fischer Mexicana.
168
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
