BOARD OF DIRECTORS, MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Finland. In its corporate governance and management, Outokumpu complies with Finnish legislation, the Company's Articles of Association and the Corporate Governance Policy approved by the Board of Directors. Outokumpu follows the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2015 issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association and adopted by the Helsinki Stock Exchange. Outokumpu complies with all regulations and recommendations issued by the Helsinki Stock Exchange.
The governing bodies of Outokumpu i.e., the General Meeting of Shareholders, the Board of Directors and the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) have the ultimate responsibility for the Group management and the Group operations. The Leadership Team reports to the President and CEO and assists the CEO in the efficient management of the Group's operations.
The General Meeting of Shareholders convenes at least once a year. Under the Finnish Companies Act, certain important decisions, such as the approval of financial statements, decisions on dividends and increases or reductions in share capital, amendments to the Articles of Association, and election of the Board of Directors and auditors, fall within the exclusive competence of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
The Board of Directors convenes the General Meetings of Shareholders. The Board of Directors can decide to convene an extraordinary General Meeting on its own initiative. Furthermore, the Board of Directors is obliged to convene an extraordinary General Meeting if the auditor of the Company or shareholders holding at least 10 percent of the Company's shares so request.
In addition, each shareholder has the right to bring before an Annual General Meeting any matter that falls within the domain of the General Meeting, provided that a written request to do so has been delivered to the Board of Directors by the date announced on the Company's website.
Board of Directors
The tasks and responsibilities of the Board of Directors are determined on the basis of the Finnish Companies Act as well as other applicable legislation, regulation, guidelines and the Company's Articles of Asscociation. The Board of Directors has general authority to decide and act in all matters not reserved for other corporate governance bodies by law or under the provisions of the Articles of Association of Outokumpu. The general task of the Board of Directors is to organize and oversee Outokumpu's management and operations. In all situations, the Board of Directors must act in accordance with Outokumpu's best interest. The Board of Directors has established rules of procedure which defines the Board's tasks and operating principles in the Charter of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors convenes at least five times a year. At the date of this Prospectus, the Board of Directors of the Issuer consists of the following persons:
Name:_________________________ Jorma Ollila Born 1950, M.Sc. (Econ.), M.Sc. (Eng.), M.Sc. (Pol.) Finnish
