Shares owned in the Issuer on June 10, 2016: directly 17,545 shares.
The Board of Directors has set up two permanent committees consisting of members of the Board of Directors, the Board Audit Committee and the Board Remuneration Committee, and confirmed rules of procedure for these committees. Both committees report to the Board of Directors.
178
Board Audit Committee
The Board Audit Committee comprises five Board members. The task of the Audit Committee is to deal with matters relating to financial statements, the Company's financial position, auditing work, internal controls and compliance matters, the scope of internal and external audits, fees paid to auditors, Outokumpu's tax position, Outokumpu's financial policies and other procedures for managing Outokumpu's risks. In addition, the Board Audit Committee prepares a recommendation for Outokumpu's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders concerning the election of an external auditor and auditing fees. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Board Audit Committee consists of Olli Vaartimo (Chairman), Markus Akermann, Roberto Gualdoni, Kati ter Horst and Saila Miettinen-Lahde. All members of the Board Audit Committee are independent of Outokumpu and its significant shareholders.
B oard Remuneration Committee
The Board Remuneration Committee comprises the Chairman of the Board of Directors and three other members of the Board of Directors. The task of the Board Remuneration Committee is to prepare proposals for the Board of Directors concerning the appointment of Outokumpu's top management and principles relating to the compensation they receive. The Board of Directors has authorized the Board Remuneration Committee to determine the terms of service and benefits enjoyed by the members of the Leadership Team other than Outokumpu's CEO. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Board Remuneration Committee consists of Jorma Ollila (Chairman), Stig Gustavson, Heikki Malinen and Elisabeth Nilsson. All members of the Board Remuneration Committee are independent of Outokumpu and its significant shareholders.
Temporary W orking Groups
To handle specific tasks, the Board of Directors can also set up temporary working groups consisting of Board members. A temporary working group was set up in 2015 to oversee and review the strategic planning and implementation of strategic actions. The working group comprised the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board and one additional Board member. The working group was discontinued in June 2015.
