Temporary W orking Groups
Shareholders' Nomination Board
Outokumpu's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2012 resolved to establish a Shareholders' Nomination Board to annually prepare proposals to the Annual General Meeting for the election, composition and remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors.
According to the Charter of the Nomination Board, the Nomination Board consists of the representatives of Outokumpu's four largest shareholders, as registered in the Finnish book-entry securities system on 1 October each year, who accept the assignment and the Chairman of the Board of Directors should act as an expert member of the Nomination Board.
The shareholders with the right to appoint representatives to the Nomination Board in 2015 were Solidium Oy, Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company, The Social Insurance Institution of Finland and Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company. These shareholders chose the following individuals as their representatives on the Nomination Board: Kari Jarvinen, Managing Director of Solidium Oy, Pekka Pajamo, CFO of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company, Tuula Korhonen, Investment Director of The Finnish Social Insurance Institution and Timo Ritakallio, President and CEO of Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company. Kari Jarvinen was elected Chairman of the Nomination Board and Jorma Ollila, Chairman of the Outokumpu Board of Directors, served as an expert member.
CEO and Deputy to the CEO
The president and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is responsible for Outokumpu's operational management in which the objective is to secure significant and sustainable growth in the value of the company for the Company's shareholders. The CEO prepares decisions and other matters for the meetings of the Board of Directors, develops Outokumpu's operations in line with the targets agreed with the Board of Directors, and ensures the proper implementation of Board decisions. The CEO is also responsible for ensuring that existing
179
legislation and applicable regulations are observed throughout Outokumpu. The CEO chairs meetings of the Leadership Team. The deputy to the CEO is responsible for attending to the CEO's duties in the event that the CEO is prevented from doing so. Since 2011, Outokumpu's CFO has acted as the deputy to the CEO. At the date of this Prospectus, the CEO of the Company is Roelof (Roeland) Baan.
