Absence of Conflicts of Interest
The members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantors may be in the employment of other members of the Group.
183
Auditors The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 incorporated in this Prospectus by reference have been audited by KPMG Oy Ab under the supervision of principal auditor Virpi Halonen, Authorised Public Accountant. The auditor during the financial year 2016 is KPMG Oy Ab under the supervision of principal auditor Virpi Halonen, Authorised Public Accountant. The business address of the principal auditor and KPMG Oy Ab is Toolonlahdenkatu 3 A, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland.
184
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has issued a total of 416,374,448 shares and has a registered share capital of EUR 311,131,873.30, which is fully paid. According to Article 3 of the Issuer's Articles of Association, at the General Meeting of Shareholders, each share carries one (1) vote. The Issuer's shares belong to the book-entry system and they are subject to public trading on the Large Cap list of the Helsinki Stock Exchange. The trading code of the shares is OUT 1V.
As at June 10, 2016, altogether 65,754 shareholders held shares in the Issuer, of which the 25 largest shareholders are listed below with their respective ownership participation percentage and number of shares owned. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer holds 2,698,925 treasury shares.
Shareholder Solidium Oy The Social Insurance Institution of Finland Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company State Pension Fund Keskinainen Tyoelakevakuutusyhtio Elo Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company Keskinainen Elakevakuutusyhtio Etera Sijoitusrahasto Evli Suomi Pienyhtiot Relander Harald Bertel Nordea Henkivakuutus Suomi Oy Op-Henkivakuutus Oy Sijoitusrahasto Nordea Suomi Ojala Harri Esa Uolevi Vakuutusosakeyhtio Henki-Fennia Ojala Alpo Armas Sijoitusrahasto Seligson & Co Turun Kaupungin Vahinkorahasto Schweizerische Nationalbank Baan Roelof Ijsbrand Sijoitusrahasto Nordea Suomi Indeksiraha Sto Sijoitusrahasto Nordea Suomi Small Cap Mandatum Life Unit-Linked Ylihurula Pertti Juhani Seb Finlandia Sijoitusrahasto Jussila Pentti
