185
Corporates
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to corporates resident in Finland for tax purposes may be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
Individuals and estates
Payments made under the Notes should not be subject to withholding according to the Act on Withholding on Interest Income (Laki korkotulon lahdeverosta 1341/1990, as amended). Payments of interest or interest compensation (secondary market compensation, in Finnish "jalkimarkkinahyvitys") made to individuals or estates are generally subject to advance withholding of income tax according to the Prepayment Act (Ennakkoperintalaki 1118/1996, as amended). The withholding liability should primarily lie with a possible paying agent or other intermediary (such as a financial institution) effecting the payment to the Noteholder, if the paying agent or intermediary is resident in Finland for tax purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish permanent establishment of a non-resident paying agent or intermediary. Transfer taxation A transfer of the Notes is not subject to Finnish transfer taxation.
186
ARRANGEMENTS WITH THE LEAD MANAGERS Danske Bank A/S and Nordea Bank Finland Plc are acting as coordinators of the Offering. Danske Bank A/S, Nordea Bank Finland Plc, OP Corporate Bank plc, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) are acting as Lead Managers of the Offering. The Company has entered into agreements with the Lead Managers with respect to certain services to be provided by the Lead Managers in connection with the Offering. The Lead Managers and companies belonging to the same consolidated groups with the Lead Managers may have performed and may in the future perform investment or other banking services for the Company in the ordinary course of business. The Lead Managers and/or companies belonging to the same consolidated groups with some of the Lead Managers are lenders under the EUR 800,000,000 revolving credit facility which is at the date of this Prospectus partially undrawn. The Lead Managers and/or companies belonging to the same consolidated groups with some of the Lead Managers are also lenders under certain bilateral facilities. The proceeds of the Offering received by Outokumpu are primarily to be used for the prepayment of existing financial indebtedness including in an aggregate amount of up to EUR 166 million in prepayment of bilateral facilities maturing in 2017 and provided by some of the Lead Managers or companies belonging to the same consolidated groups with the Lead Managers. The Lead Managers and their respective affiliates may hold long or short positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions, for their own account or the accounts of customers, in debt or equity securities of the Issuer, including the 2019 Notes.
LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with the Offering have been passed upon for Outokumpu by Roschier, Attorneys Ltd. Certain legal matters in connection with the Offering have been passed upon for the Lead Managers by White & Case LLP.
187
