In addition to the documents incorporated by reference, (i) the Company's Finnish language articles of association and extract from the Finnish Trade Register, (ii) the English language Agency Agreement, (iii) the English language Intercreditor Agreement, and (iv) the English language Transaction Security Documents (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), may be inspected at the head office of the Company, Outokumpu Oyj, Riihitontuntie 7, FI-02200 Espoo (as of 1 July, 2016 at the new offices of the Company in Salmisaarenranta 11, 00180 Helsinki, Finland) on weekdays from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm Finnish time. In order to ensure best possible service, persons wishing to examine the documents referred to in this section are kindly requested to notify the Company of their visit in advance by telephone (+358 9 4211).
188
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS Unless otherwise defined or the context requires otherwise, in this Prospectus: "Acerinox" means Acerinox, S.A. "Amended Facilities" has the meaning given in section "A dditional Information on the Transaction Guarantees, Transaction Security and Intercreditor A greem ent - O ther Secured O bligations ". "AOD" has the meaning given in section "Industry and M arket O verview - Stainless Steel Production P rocess M elting ". "APAC" means Asia Pacific. "Aperam" means Aperam S.A. "AST" means Acciai Speciali Terni S.p.A. "Baosteel" means Baosteel Co., Ltd. "Boliden" means Boliden AB. "Business Combination Agreement" has the meaning given in section "Business O verview- Agreements outside the O rdinary Course o f Business - Inoxum Acquisition - O verview ". "Calvert HRA" has the meaning given in section "Business O verview - Agreem ents outside the Ordinary Course o f Business - O perational Agreem ents with ThyssenKrupp - C alvert- H ot R olling A g reem en t'. "Calvert MoU" has the meaning given in section "Business O verview - Agreem ents Outside the Ordinary
Course o f Business - Operational Agreements with ThyssenKrupp - Calvert- Memorandum o f Understanding
and Service Agreements". "CEP" means the European Climate and Energy Package. "Company" has the meaning given in section "Certain Information ". "EEA" means the European Economic Area. "EMEA" refers to Europe, Middle East and Africa. "EMEA Tax Model" refers to the structure and tax model, in which Outokumpu EMEA Oy and Outokumpu EMEA GmbH have in December 2013 entered into profit split agreement and in certain other intra-group agreements under which the profits within the business area EMEA are split between the central entities Outokumpu EMEA Oy and Outokumpu EMEA GmbH. "ETS" means the EU Emissions Trading Scheme. "Fennovoima" means Fennovoima Oy. "Finnish Securities Market Act" means the Finnish Securities Market Act (14.12.2012/746), as amended. "Framework Agreement" has the meaning given in section "Agreem ents Outside the O rdinary Course o f
Business-F ram ew ork A greem en t".
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles. "Group" has the meaning given in section "Certain Inform ation".
189
"Guarantors" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries that are party to the Intercreditor in their capacity as guarantor, being on the date of this Prospectus entities listed as guarantors in section "Additional Information on the Transaction Guarantees, Transaction Security and Intercreditor Agreement - The Transaction Guarantees and the Transaction Security".
