"Revolving Facility" has the meaning given in section "A dditional Information on the Transaction Guarantees,
"Secured Obligations" means the liabilities of Outokumpu towards the Secured Parties secured by the Transaction Security and the Transaction Guarantees, including on the date of this Prospectus liabilities in respect of the credit facilities listed in section "A dditional Information on the Transaction Guarantees, Transaction Security and Intercreditor A greem ent - O ther Secured O bligations ".
"Secured Parties" means the creditors of Outokumpu benefiting from the Transaction Security and the Transaction Guarantees in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and that are directly or indirectly parties to the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Security Agent" means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. or such other entity as is appointed pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement to act as Security Agent and any successor, transferee, replacement or assignee thereof, which has become the Security Agent and acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
"SKS" means Shanghai Krupp Stainless Co., Ltd.
"Tisco" means Taiyuan Iron and Steel Company.
191
"Transaction Guarantees" means any guarantees to the extent included in, or granted by Outokumpu pursuant to, the Intercreditor Agreement for the benefit of Secured Parties, including on the date of this Prospectus such guarantees by entities listed as guarantors in section "Additional Information on the Transaction Guarantees, Transaction Security and Intercreditor Agreement - The Transaction Guarantees and the Transaction Security ". "Transaction Security" means the security interests created or evidenced or expressed to be created or evidenced under or pursuant to the security documents entered into or to be entered into by Outokumpu and certain of its subsidiaries from time to time and created in favor of the Security Agent as agent for all the secured parties under the Intercreditor Agreement in respect of the secured obligations defined therein (including the liabilities under the Notes), including on the date of this Prospectus the security interests listed in section "Additional Information on the Transaction Guarantees, Transaction Security and Intercreditor Agreement-The Transaction Guarantees and the Transaction Security". "Transaction Security Documents" means documents governing the Transaction Security. "Terni Remedy Assets" has the meaning given in section "Business Overview-Agreemets Outside the Ordinary Course o fBusiness-Framework Agreement". "ThyssenKrupp" means ThyssenKrupp AG. "Tubinoxia" means Tubinoxia S.r.l. "TVO" means Teollisuuden Voima Oyj. "UG2" means a by-product of the platinum production process used in South Africa that has a chromium content comparable to chromium ore and can be used to produce ferrochrome to a limited degree. "VDM" means Outokumpu VDM GmbH. "VDM Business" has the meaning given in section "Business Overview-Agreemets Outside the Ordinary Course o fBusiness-Framework Agreement". "1998 Finding" has the meaning given in section "Business Overview-Legal Proceedings-Cartel Fine Imposed by the European Commission". "2006 Decision" has the meaning given in section "Business Overview-Legal Proceedings-Cartel Fine Imposed by the European Commission". "2015 Notes" means the EUR 250 million senior notes issued by the Issuer in 2010 and matured in 2015 and which notes were on their maturity date repaid in full to the extent not repurchased prematurely in a tender offer process in 2014. "2016 Notes" means the EUR 150 million senior notes issued by the Issuer in 2012 and matured on June 7, 2016 and which notes were on their maturity date repaid in full. "2019 Notes" means the EUR 250 million senior secured fixed notes issued by the Issuer in 2014 and maturing in 2019.
