The Notes:
 rank pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future Indebtedness of the Issuer that is not subordinated to the Notes;
 rank senior in right of payment to any and all future obligations of the Issuer that are expressly subordinated to the Notes, if any;
 are effectively subordinated to the existing and future Indebtedness of the Issuer and the Guarantors that is secured by Liens on assets of the Issuer to the extent of the value of the assets securing such Indebtedness; and
 are be structurally subordinated to all obligations of the Issuer's Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, the Guarantees by such Subsidiaries of the obligations of the Issuer under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement).
None of the Issuer's Subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, the Issuer's Subsidiaries will pay the holders of their debt and their trade creditors before they will be able to distribute any of their assets to the Issuer. In June 2011, we finalized a corporate reorganization, and transferred substantially all of the Issuer's operating assets to newly incorporated companies that are wholly owned by the Issuer. Upon completion of these transfers, the Issuer became a holding company and does not conduct any operations. The Subsidiaries of the Issuer that hold the assets transferred in the corporate reorganization are not guarantors of the Notes, but certain of these subsidiaries will guarantee the Issuer's obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement. The Notes will therefore be structurally subordinated to all of the obligations of these and the Issuer's other subsidiaries.
Substantially all of the operations of the Issuer are conducted through its Subsidiaries and therefore the Issuer depends on the cash flow of its Subsidiaries to meet its obligations, including its obligations under the Notes. The Notes are effectively subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness and other liabilities and commitments (including trade payables and lease obligations) of the Issuer's Subsidiaries. Any right of the Issuer to receive assets of any of its Subsidiaries upon that Subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization (and the consequent right of the holders of the Notes to participate in those assets) is effectively subordinated to the claims of that Subsidiary's creditors, except to the extent that the Issuer is itself recognized as a creditor of the Subsidiary, in which case the claims of the Issuer would still be subordinated in right of payment to any security in the assets of the Subsidiary and any Indebtedness of the
114
Subsidiary that was senior to that held by the Issuer. As of March 31, 2011, the Issuer's Subsidiaries had NOK 469 million of bank loans and other borrowings.
