114
As of the Issue Date all of the Issuer's Subsidiaries were "Restricted Subsidiaries'' for the purposes of the Indenture. However, under the circumstances described below under the caption "--Certain Covenants--Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries", the Issuer will be permitted to designate Restricted Subsidiaries as "Unrestricted Subsidiaries''. Most of the restrictive covenants in the Indenture do not apply to Unrestricted Subsidiaries.
Principal, Maturity and Interest
The Issuer issued 150,000,000 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes in this Offering. The Issuer may issue additional Notes ("Additional Notes'') under the Indenture from time to time after this Offering. Any issuance of Additional Notes is subject to all of the covenants in the Indenture, including the covenant described below under the caption ``--Certain Covenants--Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock". The Notes and any additional Notes subsequently issued under the Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture. The Issuer issued Notes in denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will mature on June 15, 2016 at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount of the Notes.
Interest on the Notes will accrue at the rate of 11.75% per annum. Interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15, commencing on December 15, 2011. Interest on overdue principal and interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, will accrue at a rate that is 1% higher than the interest rate on the Notes. The Issuer will make each interest payment to the holders of record on the immediately preceding June 1 and December 1.
Interest on the Notes will accrue from the date of original issuance or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a "Paying Agent'') for the Notes in the City of London (the "Principal Paying Agent''). The Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the Pre-Expansion European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended from time to time) or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of November 26 and 27, 2000 on the taxation of savings income, or any law implementing, or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such directive. The initial Paying Agent is Citibank, N.A., London Branch in London.
The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ``Registrar'') with offices in Luxembourg. The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent in London. The initial Registrar is Citibank, N.A., London Branch. The initial transfer agent is Citibank, N.A., London Branch. The Registrar and the transfer agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined herein) outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfer of Definitive Registered Notes on the behalf of the Issuer.
