States, any judgment obtained in the United States against the Issuer or any Guarantor, may not be collectable within the United States. See "Enforcement of Civil Liabilities".
any, on the Notes, will be prescribed ten years after the applicable due date for payment thereof. Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for the payment of interest on the Notes will be prescribed six years after the applicable due date for payment of interest.
Certain Definitions
Set forth below are certain defined terms used in the Indenture. Reference is made to the Indenture for a full disclosure of all defined terms used therein, as well as any other capitalized terms used herein for which no definition is provided.
"Acquired Debt'' means, with respect to any specified Person: (1) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is merged with or into or
became a Subsidiary of such specified Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging with or into, or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; and (2) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person. "Affiliate'' of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, "control,'' as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. For purposes of this definition, the terms "controlling," "controlled by'' and "under common control with'' have correlative meanings. "Applicable Premium'' means, with respect to any Note on any redemption date, the greater of: (1) 1.0% of the principal amount of the Note; or (2) the excess of: (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the Note at June 15,
2016 plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the Note through June 15, 2016
143
(excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Bund Rate as of such redemption date plus 50 basis points; over
