(d) An amount equal to the operating costs relating to the period before the Mandatory Partial Redemption Date, as agreed between the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be deducted from the Mandatory Partial Redemption Amount on the next following Mandatory Partial Redemption Date and any remaining amount of agreed operating costs shall be applied to reduce all remaining Mandatory Partial Redemption Amounts on a pro rata basis. A reasonably detailed report of the operating costs relating to the Group and the Slovenian Portfolio shall be submitted by the Issuer to the Agent for distribution to the Bondholders no later than 10 Business Days before a Mandatory Partial Redemption Date.
(a) In this Clause 9.5 (Cash Sweep):
"Prepayment Amount" means 100 per cent. of the Operating Income for the previous calendar month.
"Operating Income" means all income (less commission paid to collection agencies) received by the Group from the Slovenian Portfolio for the relevant month.
(b) The Issuer shall with Operating Income on the last day of each calendar month make a partial prepayment in the amount of the Prepayment Amount by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The prepayment per Bond shall equal the pro rata amount of the Prepayment Amount per Bond (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1.00) plus accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
13
9.6 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.6(a).
