(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.6 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
10. Transaction Security
10.1 Granting of Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer and the Guarantors will, on or about the Issue Date, grant the relevant Transaction Security and the Guarantees to the Secured Parties on the terms set out in the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement.
(b) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and the Guarantees in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement. The Issuer shall enter into, and shall procure that the Guarantors enter into, the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents prior or immediately following disbursement of the Net Proceeds (certain notarisation, registration and other formal requirements will not be satisfied before disbursement and such requirements shall be satisfied as soon as practicably possible following disbursement).
14
(c) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees, creating further Security or Guarantees for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interest of the Secured Parties.
