16. Bondholders' Meeting
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16(a) with a copy to the Agent. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for a Bondholders' Meeting where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append information from the Agent together with such notice. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 19.7(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 16(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
27
17. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure (which may be conducted electronically in a manner determined by the Agent) no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 17(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append information from the Agent together with such communication
