(e) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2
STATUS OF THE NOTES
(a) The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The nominal amount of each Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is SEK 100,000,000. All Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory law and except as otherwise provided in the Finance Documents.
(e) The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(f) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.
