PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES
(b) If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
(c) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8(d) during such postponement.
(d) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
(e) When making any redemption, repurchase or payment in respect of the Notes, the "Nominal Amount" shall be deemed the Nominal Amount plus
two (2) per cent This shall not apply when calculating the amount of Interest payable.
(f) All amounts payable by the Issuer to the Noteholders shall be made exclusive of VAT or similar taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden or any authority thereof or therein. If required, the Issuer shall in addition to such other amounts payable, pay the VAT or similar taxes. If the Issuer is obligated to pay any costs or expenses of the Agent or the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer will at the request of such person pay any VAT attributable to such payment provided that such person may not recover the VAT from the relevant authority.
8
INTEREST
