(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(c) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(b). The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5(a) and 9.5(b).
(d) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
(e) Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
(f) The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
(g) No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
Mandatory repurchase due to an Insurance Event (put option)
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Insurance Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the occurrence of an Insurance Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Insurance Event.
(b) The Issuer is only obliged to redeem Notes equal to the Insurance Proceeds less (i) any verified expenses payable to third parties in relation to that claim, (ii) any such proceeds applied to meet a third party claim, to cover operating losses or to the replacement, reinstatement and/or repair of the assets or otherwise in amelioration of the loss, in each case, in respect of which the relevant insurance claim was made if those proceeds are so applied within six (6) Months of receipt of such proceeds and (iii) any such proceeds applied towards repayment of Senior Property Debt in accordance with the terms of such debt. Each Noteholder is thus only entitled to require its pro rata portion of Notes to be repurchased.
