(x) any creditor of a Group Company declares any Financial Indebtedness exceeding SEK 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) of a Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
25(43)
(b) The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 13(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(c) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(d) The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
(e) If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(f) If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(g) In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 13, the Issuer shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption) together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
