(b) Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(d) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Notes or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds (Sw: redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 14 as soon as reasonably practicable.
(e) If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such
payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7(a) shall apply.
DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) percent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Noteholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Should the Agent not convene a Noteholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 15(c) being applicable, the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) requesting a decision by the Noteholders may convene such Noteholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The Issuing Agent shall upon request provide the Issuer or the convening Noteholder(s) with the information available in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
