(e) The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution o fproceeds).
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Fee Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2(h).
35(43)
19.3 Limited liability for the Agent
(a) The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders.
(c) The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
