"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw: konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw: lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktiori) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, administration, dissolution or liquidation.
"Insurance Proceeds" means the proceeds of any insurance claim pursuant to an Insurance Event received by any member of the Group.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Payment Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 30 June 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted due to an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means 8.50 per cent per annum.
"Issue Date" means 19 May 2016.
"Issuer" means Kvalitena AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with reg. no. 556527-3314.
"Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB, reg. no. 516406-0138, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
