(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of ED Midco, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of ED Midco, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clauses 12.14.1 (a) and (b).
"First Call Date" means the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date, or, to the extent such day is not a Banking Day, the Banking Day following from an application of the Banking Day Convention.
"Fonecta" means Fonecta Corporations Oy (reg. no. 1971184-9), as of the Issue Date, a directly wholly-owned Subsidiary of ED DH7, and all of its Subsidiaries.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 26.1.
"German Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany (Ge. Bund or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that have become publicly available at least 2 Banking Days (but not more than 5 Banking Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date, provided, however that if the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of the direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a
6
weekly average yield is given, the German Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
