39
21.2.7 21.2.8 21.2.9 21.3 21. 3.1
The Bond Trustee shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bond Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Bond Trustee is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is however obliged to always inform the Issuer prior to engaging any external experts. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Bond Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution o fproceeds).
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Bond Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Bond Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 21.2.8.
Limited liability for the Bond Trustee
