"Issuing Agent" and "Sole Bookrunner" means Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206 8956), P.O. Box 7415, SE-103 91 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Mandatory Cash Sweep Amount" means the cash and cash equivalents (Sw. likvida medel) held by the Group, according to a Financial Report prepared as per 31 December
9
each year, in excess of EUR 35,000,000, rounded down so that the Nominal Amount to be prepaid per outstanding Bond pro rata pursuant to a Mandatory Partial Prepayment will be EUR 100 (or multiples thereof).
"Mandatory Cash Sweep Event" means an event where the Group, according to a Financial Report prepared as per 31 December each year, holds cash and cash equivalents (Sw. likvida medel) in excess of EUR 50,000,000, provided that no Mandatory Cash Sweep Event will occur (a) before the date falling 12 months after the Issue Date or (b) if an Equity Listing Event has occurred;
"Mandatory Partial Prepayment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 11.4.1;
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or, where applicable, the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its payment undertakings under the Finance Documents and with the undertakings set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings), or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means ED Midco, the Issuer or any of their Subsidiaries representing more than 5.00 per cent. of the Total Assets.
