"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or, where applicable, the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its payment undertakings under the Finance Documents and with the undertakings set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings), or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"NASDAQ Stockholm" means NASDAQ Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556383-9058), SE105 78 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents, including funds held on the Escrow Account, of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Incurrence Test in accordance with the applicable accounting principles of the Group from time to time (excluding Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner and Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds and other transactions costs directly associated with the Bonds.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. 10
"Partial Prepayment Premium" means the lower of (a) the applicable Call Option Amount minus 100.00 per cent. and (b) 2.00 per cent of the Mandatory Cash Sweep Amount or 4.00 per cent. of the Divestment Event Amount (as applicable).
"PECs" means preferred equity certificates issued by ED Midco in an aggregate nominal amount equal to the principal amount of the Triton Debt which is acquired in return thereof, for the avoidance of doubt, which in all respect is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor under these Terms and Conditions.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
