"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
1
the higher of (a) 1.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, or (b) an amount equal to (i) 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, plus (ii) all remaining scheduled interest payments (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant redemption date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given) on the Bonds until the First Call Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date), (iii) discounted (for the time period starting from the date the relevant Bonds are redeemed to the First Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the yield of a German Government Bond Rate on or around the First Call Date plus 0.50 per cent., minus (iv) the Nominal Amount.
"Banking Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Banking Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Banking Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Banking Day.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date.
"Bond Trustee" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden), or another party replacing it, as Bond Trustee, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Call Option Amount" means:
