"ED GP" means European Directories GP, a private limited liability company (Fr societe a responsabilite limitee) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with a share capital of EUR 12,500, registered with the Register under number B 181381 and having its registered office at 26-28, rue Edward Steichen, L - 2540 Luxembourg, as of the Issue Date, a directly wholly-owned Subsidiary of ED Midco and the holder of the unlimited share (Fr. action commandite) in the Issuer.
3
"ED OpHoldco" means European Directories OpHoldco S.a r.l., a private limited liability company (Fr. societe a responsabilite limitee) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with a share capital of EUR 58.107,11, registered with the Register under number B 155420 and having its registered office at 26-28, rue Edward Steichen, L - 2540 Luxembourg, subject to the completion of the Share Contribution, a directly wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer.
"Effective Date" means the "Effective Date" as defined in the amendment and restatement agreement entered into by and between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee on 12 March 2018, being 9 March 2018.
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in a Group Company or any indirect parent of the Issuer, after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Equity Pledge Agreements" means each of the first ranking pledge agreements entered into between ED Midco or the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge over all shares (Fr. parts sociales) in ED OpHoldco and ED GP and the limited shares (Fr. actions de commanditaire) in the Issuer.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held by the Escrow Bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Bond Trustee) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Bond Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Bond Trustee).
"Escrow Bank" means Societe Generale Bank & Trust, a corporation (Fr. societe anonyme immatriculee) registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 6061 and having its registered office at 11, avenue Emile Reuter L-2420 Luxembourg or any credit institution replacing Societe Generale Bank & Trust.
