11.4 11.4.1 11.4.2
11.6 11.6.1
Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory Partial Prepayment
Upon a Mandatory Cash Sweep Event or Divestment Event (as applicable), the Issuer shall make a partial prepayment at the Prepayment Amount by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata with the Mandatory Cash Sweep Amount or Divestment Event Amount (as applicable) (a "Mandatory Partial Prepayment").
Prepayment in accordance with Clause 11.4.1 shall be executed on the Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) falling after the Mandatory Cash Sweep Event or Divestment Event (as applicable) in question and the Issuer shall give not less than 20 Banking Days' notice of the prepayment to the Holders and the Bond Trustee. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable. Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to execute the prepayment at the Prepayment Amount.
If the aggregate Nominal Amount under all outstanding Bonds would fall below EUR 35,000,000 due to a prepayment in accordance with this Clause 11.4, the Issuer must also redeem all remaining outstanding Bonds at the Prepayment Amount when executing the Mandatory Partial Prepayment in question.
Equity claw back
Upon an Equity Listing Event, the Issuer may, at one occasion, repay up to 35.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided that at least 65.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering), and the Issuer shall give not less than 20 Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 5.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, or such lower amount as is set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
