5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
5.1 Eligible purchasers 5.1.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and
may be pledged. 5.1.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as
applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense 5.1.3 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB. 5.1.4 The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada, Japan, Australia or the Republic of Cyprus. 5.2 Transfer restrictions 5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged. 5.2.2 Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bond except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule I44A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available), 5.2.3 The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued, 5.2.4 The Bonds are not offered for sale or subscription in Cyprus and may not be purchased or subscribed by investors located in Cyprus and accordingly nothing in this Bond Agreement shall constitute an offer of or an invitation by or on behalfof the Issuer to the public to subscribe or purchase any of the Bonds in Cyprus.
#2980321/1
5.2.5 Nothing in this Bond Agreement is intended to constitute or should be construed as constituting an offer of securities within the meaning of the Prospectus Law or the giving of investment advice or recommendation or as any advice on the merits of the issue of the Bonds or the exercise of any rights attaching to the Bonds or as authorizing the Issuer or any other person to perform any investment or financial services or activities or to act as securities broker or agent or investment advisor for which a license is required to be obtained pursuant to the provisions of the Cyprus Financial Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law No. 144 (I) of 2007.
5.2.6 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.
6, CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 6.1 Conditions Precedent for Issue Date 6.1.1 Issuance ofthe Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer's
Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date: (a) this Bond Agreement executed by all parties thereto; (b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses' and fees
