10.4.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds,
Cash Sweep Amount. Should the Cash Sweep Amount following such calculation be determined to be more than zero (a "Cash Sweep Event"), the Issuer shall apply the Cash Sweep Amount to redeem Bonds at a price of 100 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount). Any amount of the Cash Sweep Amount which does not relate to gross earnings from the Drillship may only be applied provided that Clause Error! Reference source not found. (Call Option) is complied with. 10.5.2 Such cash sweep redemption shall take place on the first Interest Payment Date after (if and when) the Cash Sweep Event, and then for the full Cash Sweep Amount as calculated on the
#2980321/1
relevant calculation date. No cash sweep redemption may take place prior to the Interest Payment Date in May 2012. 10.5.3 The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (through the Bond Trustee) in writing about any exercise of the cash sweep redemption at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date as set out in Clause 10.5.2. 10.5.4 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds in accordance with the procedures of the Security Depository. 11. PAYMENTS 11.1 Payment mechanics 11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register. II .1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but ifthe paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2. 11.2 Currency 11.2.1 Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer and no Event of Default shall be constituted by any such delay. 11.2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register, 11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred. 11.3 Set-off and counterclaims 11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
#2980321/1
11.4 Interest in the event of late payment 11A. 1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date,
the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 0 plus 5.00 percentage points, 11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full. 11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4. 11.5 Irregular payments 11.5.1 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer/any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders* accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers. 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13. COVENANTS 13.1 General 13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of
the Bondholders), as further stated below. 13.1.2 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement
