13,7 Drillship Covenants (a) Maintenance The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of the Drillship and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times. The Issuer shall ensure that the Drillship Manager and any replacement manager under any of the Management Agreements runs proper maintenance of the Drillship according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system.
(b) Insurance (i) The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory insurance of the Drillship and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, and the Drillship shall be adequately insured against such risks, including but not limited to, Hull & Machinery, Protection & Indemnity as per industry standards (including contractual liability extensions) and War Risk insurance. The Issuer shall also provide for any additional insurance required under any law or Project Document. (ii) The value of the Hull and Machinery insurance shall at all times be at least equal to or higher than one hundred and twenty per cent (120.00%) of the aggregate outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. (iii) The insurances, and any loss payee clause or similar'provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan, latest version (as amended from time to time) or other insurance plan with at least equally favourable terms (in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer). (iv) The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as first priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee that the notice of assignment with regards to the Insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking confirming this are executed by the insurers, (v) The Issuer shall keep (and the Bond Trustee may effect, at the Issuer's expense), for the exclusive benefit of the Bondholders, a mortgagees' interest insurance for an amount equal to at least 120 % of the amounts under the Outstanding Bonds. (vi) The Issuer shall procure that the Drillship is always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.
(c) Title The Issuer shall ensure that the Owner will hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the Drillship and the insurances taken out in respect of the Drillship (if such insurance is not held directly by the Issuer), free of any and all Encumbrances except for those expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement. (d) Class, flag, name, registry
#2980321/1
The Issuer shall ensure that the Drillship maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in Singapore or such other registry confirmed acceptable to the Bond Trustee (who can rely on advice from professional advisers without any liability to the Bondholders or the Issuer). (e) Operations in accordance with laws etc. The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Drillship is operated in accordance with any laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction. (f) Inspection ofthe Drillship Upon the request of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall arrange for the Bond Trustee and/or any persons appointed by the Bond Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Drillship without interference of the daily operation of the Drillship and at the expense of the Issuer (it being understood that the Issuer shall only bear the costs of one inspection a year, unless an Event of Default has occurred). (g) Condition The Issuer shall ensure that the Drillship is kept in a good and safe condition and that all repairs are consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.
13.8 Issu er Subsidiary Covenants (a) The Issuer shall procure that the Issuer's Subsidiaries (to the extent applicable) shall comply with the following provisions of Clauses 13.3- 13.7, so that all references to the Issuer are replaced with references to the relevant Subsidiary of the Issuer, save for Clauses 13.2.1 (d), 13.3(d), 13.5 (d)and 13.6(a). (b) Notwithstanding Clause 13.8 (a) above, the Owner and the Charterer shall be permitted to: (i) incur any Financial Indebtedness from the Issuer for the purpose of mobilization costs and other working capital matters; and (ii) provide security and guarantees for the obligations of the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under this Bond Issue.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and
fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating
#2980321/1
