Any Obligor or any other Group Company is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any other Group Company. (h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or any Obligors to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party. (i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings (each an "action") against any Group Company or any Obligor which, if adversely determined, is likely (in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer) to have a Material Adverse Effect, other than any action with no reasonable prospect of success (in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer) and which is contested in good faith. (j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, (k) Repudiation Any Obligor or any other Group Company repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document. 15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessaiy to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document. 15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if: (a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from
#2980321/1
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above. 15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a Mandatoiy Prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.4.1. 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting 16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community
in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds. 16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of; (a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or (d) the Bond Trustee. 16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed. 16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
#2980321/1
V
16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution.
16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons,
