(i) the Account Pledges; (ii) the Floating Charges; (iii) the Share Charges; (iv) the Mortgage; (v) the Assignment of Drilling Contract; (vi) the Assignment of Earnings; (vii) the Assignment of Insurances; (viii) the Assignment of Receivables; and (ix) the Guarantees.
"Share Charges" means the Issuer Share Charge, the Owner Share Charge and the Charterer Share Charge. "Shareholder Loan" means a USD 330,000,000 loan provided by Amethyst Capital Ltd. to the Owner and the USD 85 million seller credit provided by the Parent to the Issuer. "Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement, but shall exclude any entity undergoing liquidation proceedings. An entity or person shall always be considered to have a determining influence over another entity if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity. "Subordination Agreement" means a subordination agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee, the Issuer and the lender(s) under the Shareholder Loan, to include, inter alia, provisions on full subordination (both in terms of payment and priority) for the Shareholder Loan and no enforcement rights under the Shareholder Loan. "Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly, "Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Drillship. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to
#2980321/1
such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).
2. THE BONDS 2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement 2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound
by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on their behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the Securities Register, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1, 2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer throughout the entire term of the Bonds. 2.2 The Bonds 2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 165,000,000 (U.S, Dollar one hundred and sixty five million) through a private placement directed to a limited number ofNorwegian investors and international institutional investors. The bonds will not be issued by way of public offer and nothing herein shall be construed as amounting to or otherwise permitting a public offer. 2.2.2 The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1 each and rank pari passu between themselves. The minimum initial subscription amount shall be USD 200,000, 2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as "13.5 per cent Jasper Explorer PLC Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016". 2.2.4 The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) ofthe Bond Issue will be N00010611031.
#2980321/1
2.2.5 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date. 2.2.6 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account on the
