(d) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Notes;
(f) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Clause 11 (Acceleration o f the Notes) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.
Any matter not covered by Clause 14.5 shall require the consent of Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 16.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, these Terms and Conditions that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 17.1(a) or (b)), an acceleration of the Notes.
Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 14.5, and otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 15.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 16.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 14.7 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
