Diamorph AB (publ)
Prospectus regarding listing of Maximum SEK 425,000,000 12% Bonds 2012/2017
1
Important information
This prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been prepared by Diamorph AB (publ) (the "Company") in relation to the application for listing of the Company's maximum SEK 425,000,000 12% Bonds 2012/2017 (the "Bonds") at the corporate bond list on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm ("Nasdaq OMX Stockholm"). References to the Company, Diamorph or the Group refer in this Prospectus to Diamorph AB (publ) and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated by the context. Pareto Öhman AB has acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the issue of the Bonds.
The Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) and Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Prospectus has been approved by and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority in accordance with the provisions in Chapter 2, Sections 25 and 26 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. It should be noted that such approval and such registration does not constitute any guarantee from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority that the information in the Prospectus is accurate or complete.
This Prospectus is not an offer for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Bonds in any jurisdiction. It has been prepared solely for the purpose of listing the Bonds at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm.
This Prospectus may not be distributed in any country where such distribution or disposal requires additional prospectus, registration or additional measures or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such country. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes or persons who acquire the Bonds are therefore required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
The Prospectus will be available at the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's web site (www.fi.se) and the Company's web site (www.diamorph.com).
