Bondholders' meetings The Terms and Conditions include certain conditions regarding bondholders' meetings. Such meetings may be held in order to resolve on matters relating to the bondholders' interests. The Terms and Conditions allow for stated majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who have not taken part in the meeting and those who have voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened and conducted bondholders' meeting.
12
Responsibility for the information in the Prospectus
The Company issued the bond loan referred to in this Prospectus on 6 July 2012. The Prospectus has been prepared for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm and in accordance with the Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and the rules and regulations in Chapter 2 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act.
The Company is responsible for the information given in this Prospectus. The Company confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of the Company's knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import. Any information in this Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference which derive from third parties has, as far as the Company is aware and can be judged on basis of other information made public by that third party, been correctly represented and no information has been omitted which may serve to render the information misleading or incorrect. The board of directors is responsible for the information given in this Prospectus only under the conditions and to the extent set forth in Swedish law. The board of directors confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information in this Prospectus is, to the best of the board of directors' knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import.
26 July 2012
DIAMORPH AB (PUBL)
The Board of Directors
13
