The Board of Directors
The Bonds in brief
This Section contains a general and broad description of the Bonds. It does not claim to be comprehensive or cover all details of the Bonds. Potential investors should therefore carefully consider this Prospectus as a whole, including documents incorporated by reference, before a decision is made to invest in the Bonds. The full terms and conditions for the Bonds can be found in the Section "Terms and Conditions for the Bonds".
Concepts and terms defined in the Section "Terms and Conditions for the Bonds" are used with the same meaning in this summary unless otherwise is explicitly understood from the context. The issue of the Bonds was resolved by the Company's board of directors on 29 June 2012. The issue date for the Bonds was 6 July 2012 and the Bonds will mature on 6 July 2017 (the Final Redemption Date).
The Bonds are debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), intended for public market trading, which confirm that the Holders have a claim on the Company. The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Company. The Net Proceeds of the bond issue shall be used by the Company to grant an intercompany loan to its subsidiary Diamorph UK Limited. The Company shall procure that the money borrowed by Diamorph UK Limited under the intercompany loan is applied towards acquiring the shares in TENMAT under the SPA.
The bond loan amounts to a maximum of SEK 425,000,000 and is represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0004636512. The Bonds have been issued in accordance with Swedish law and are connected to the account-based system of Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear"). Holdings of Bonds are registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account and no physical notes have been or will be issued. Payment of principal, interest and, if applicable, withholding of preliminary tax will be made through Euroclear's book-entry system.
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest on the Final Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed, pre-paid or repurchased and cancelled in accordance with Section 9 (Early redemption by request of the Company), Section 12 (The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds), Section 15 (Change of Control) or Section 16 (Acceleration of the Bonds) of the Terms and Conditions. Payment in respect of principal and interest shall be made to the person who is a Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date. The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount is time-barred and becomes void ten years from the relevant Redemption Date.
The Bonds bear interest from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to, and including, the relevant Redemption Date at an interest rate of 12 percent per annum. The interest is paid semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated on a 30/360-days basis. The Interest Payment Dates are 6 January and 6 July each year (with the first Interest Payment Date being 6 January 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date). The right to receive payment of interest is time-barred and becomes void three years from the relevant due date for payment. The calculation of interest is carried out by Euroclear.
Swedish Trustee AB (publ) is initially acting as Bond Trustee in relation to the Bonds and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents. Even without separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holder's consent (if not required to do so under the Terms and
