The Bonds bear interest from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to, and including, the relevant Redemption Date at an interest rate of 12 percent per annum. The interest is paid semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated on a 30/360-days basis. The Interest Payment Dates are 6 January and 6 July each year (with the first Interest Payment Date being 6 January 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date). The right to receive payment of interest is time-barred and becomes void three years from the relevant due date for payment. The calculation of interest is carried out by Euroclear.
14
Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds and the other Finance Documents). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such a request of the Bond Trustee.
Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 percent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may at any time request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request in writing a procedure among the Holders, see further Section 18 (Holders' meeting and procedure in writing) of the Terms and Conditions. Such meetings or procedures in writing can lead to the passing of a majority decision, binding on all Holders.
The Bonds are freely transferable and trading can occur from the Issue Date. Holders may however be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at their own cost and expense.
The Bonds have been issued through a so called private placement. No Bonds have been issued, or will be issued, after 6 July 2012 and the bond loan was subscribed in full on the Issue Date.
As a continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Company's obligations under the Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, the Company and Diamorph UK Limited have entered into or will enter into the pledge agreements set out in Section 4 (Security) of the Terms and Conditions for the benefit of the Holders and the Bond Trustee.
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, the available funds shall be applied firstly towards payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee and any remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee under the Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, secondly towards payment of interest owed by the Company to the Holders under the Terms and Conditions and thirdly towards payment of principal owed by the Company to the Holders under the Terms and Conditions. The surplus, if any, shall promptly be transferred to the Company.
To simplify trading in the Bonds, the Company intends to apply for listing of the Bonds on the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm in connection with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's approval of this Prospectus. The total number of Bonds being admitted to trading if the application is approved by Nasdaq OMX Stockholm is 425. The fact that an application regarding listing of the Bonds on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm has been submitted to Nasdaq OMX Stockholm does not mean that the application will be approved. The Terms and Conditions include an undertaking for the Company to list the Bonds on the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm not later than one year after the Issue Date and to take all measures
