If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, the available funds shall be applied firstly towards payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee and any remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee under the Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, secondly towards payment of interest owed by the Company to the Holders under the Terms and Conditions and thirdly towards payment of principal owed by the Company to the Holders under the Terms and Conditions. The surplus, if any, shall promptly be transferred to the Company.
15
required to ensure that the Bond, if listed on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm, continues to be listed on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm for as long as any Bond is outstanding. The expenses of the admission of trading of the Bonds are estimated to amount to SEK 38,000 in relation to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, SEK 60,000 in relation to Nasdaq OMX Stockholm and fees to advisors. Pareto Öhman has acted as issuing agent and financial advisor to the Company in connection with the issue of Bonds and they have agreed with the Company to receive remuneration for their assistance.
16
The Company and its operations
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT The Company's name is Diamorph AB (publ) and its corporate registration number is 5566475371. The Company was formed on 9 July 2003 and was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 5 August 2003. The Company is a public limited liability company with its registered office in Stockholm, Sweden, and its legal form is regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).
Diamorph was founded in 2003 after a discovery by Dr Saeid Esmaeilzadeh, then a researcher at Stockholm University. The discovery related to a group of ceramic materials with unique chemical properties that had a refractive index close to that of diamond. This led to further research which aimed to replicate these unique chemical properties in other types of materials. With a view to commercialising this discovery, the Company built up a knowledge base on ceramics, metals and unique combinations of the two. At the same time, Diamorph developed deep expertise in a novel and advanced sintering technology which was first introduced to Europe by Stockholm University.
The Company made its first patent application in 2004 and has since been developing its discovery in co-operation with industrial partners for particular applications. During 2006, Diamorph broadened its product portfolio and the Company began to focus on ceramics. In 2007, the Company was granted support from the Swedish state energy agency (Sw. Energimyndigheten), which was applied towards a pilot production plant. During that year, Diamorph started developing knee implants with Karolinska University Hospital.
The Company completed construction of its production facilities in Stockholm in 2008. Production was adapted for product development and subsequently increased. In 2009, one of its development projects relating to medical implants was spun off as a new company, Episurf Medical AB, the shares of which were distributed to Diamorph's shareholders. Episurf Medical AB was listed on NASDAQ OMX First North in August 2011.
