Innehållsförteckning
3
Risk factors
All investments in bonds involve a degree of risk. The financial performance of the Company and the risks associated with its business are important when making a decision on whether to invest in the Bonds. A number of risk factors and uncertainties may adversely affect the Company. These risk factors include financial risks, technical risks, risks related to the business operations of the Company, environmental and regulatory risks. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, the business, operating results and financial condition of the Company could be materially and adversely affected which ultimately could affect the Company's ability to make interest payments and payments of principal under the Terms and Conditions. In this Section, a number of risk factors are illustrated, both general risks pertaining to the Company's business operations and material risks relating to the Bonds as financial instruments. The risks presented in this Prospectus are not exhaustive, and other risks not discussed herein may also adversely affect the Company. Further, the risk factors are not ranked in order of importance.
Prospective investors should consider carefully the information contained in this Prospectus and make an independent evaluation before making an investment decision. A potential investor must, alone or together with its financial and/or other advisors, consider the general business prospects, other information in this Prospectus and general information about the applicable market and companies active on that market, based on their personal circumstances before making an investment. An investor should possess sufficient knowledge to assess the risk factors and sufficient financial strength to bear those risks.
MARKET RISKS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS Impact on the economy The Group operates in a number of different countries and its operations are therefore dependent on global economic developments as well as conditions that are unique to certain countries and/or regions. As in virtually all businesses, general market conditions affect the inclination and the capability of existing and potential customers to invest in advanced materials. Weak global or regional economic trends may result in the Group growing and developing at a lower rate than expected and this could have a negative effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Raw material price The prices of raw materials essential to the Group's production are linked to the availability of those raw materials. Therefore, Diamorph is exposed to risks when relevant underlying raw material prices change, which could have a negative effect on Diamorph's business financial position and results.
Production trend The Company is in a stage of development where several of its products are in a research and development phase. Therefore, the Company's future growth depends on its ability to render these products successful as well as on its ability to improve existing products, in order to meet customer requirements and to avoid losing market share to competitors. Future growth is also dependent on the Company's ability to develop new products within existing and new market segments. Research and development efforts of new products are costly and always entail a risk of
4
