· Next generation nuclear fuel for Gen-IV nuclear reactors
The Company is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, with R&D facilities nearby. These facilities are also capable of pilot production. Its large-scale 3,500 square meters production facility is based in the region of Plzen in the Czech Republic. The Group currently consists of approximately 50 employees, of which seven are located in Sweden and the remainder in the Czech Republic. In addition, the Company has consultancy agreements with leading researchers to ensure that the Company's products meet high technical standards. The Company also have a number of collaborations with experts in different fields, partly through its own advisory board. Furthermore, Diamorph works closely with various industrial partners in order to develop its materials.
In order to fulfil its vision of being a leading supplier of advanced materials, the Company is pursuing a selective acquisition strategy to expand its capacity to produce and market its products. In December 2011, it acquired a manufacturing company, HOB CerTec and on 12 June 2012 it entered into the SPA regarding the acquisition of TENMAT (see further below).
OVERVIEW OF GROUP STRUCTURE Diamorph has three directly-owned subsidiaries. The Company has a 100 per cent holding in each of Diamorph UK Limited and Diamorph Ceramics AB and a 64.72 percent holding in Diamorph Bearings AB ("Diamorph Bearings"), the remainder being owned by the Diamorph HOB CerTec s.r.o. management, Fredrik Svedberg (the managing director of Diamorph) and a Chinese investment consortium (the "Investors"). Diamorph Bearings is the parent company of Diamorph HOB CerTec s.r.o., which was formed through a merger of the Czech companies HOB CerTec and Contineo a.s. Contineo a.s. was formed in connection with the acquisition of HOB CerTec.
19
Diamorph Bearings is also the parent company of the Swiss company KHP Marketing GmbH, which in turn owns Aurum Insular GmbH. Diamorph HOB CerTec s.r.o. is responsible for the manufacture of all Diamorph's products. All patents in the Group are owned by Diamorph AB (publ), which also undertakes all product development. The structure of the Group is set out in the schedule below.
Diamorph AB (publ) (Sweden)
100%
Diamorph Ceramics AB
