(Switzerland)
ACQUISITION OF TENMAT
On 12 June 2012, Diamorph UK Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the SPA with the Sellers regarding the acquisition of all of the shares in TENMAT. TENMAT is a holding company and a parent company of the TENMAT group.
TENMAT is a manufacturer of specialised and high performance engineering materials and components, with revenues of GBP 30 million (SEK 330 million), EBITDA of approximately GBP 13 million (SEK 143 million) and EBITDA margin of 43.3 percent. It has a diversified product range, which includes wear parts and bearings, high temperature resistant materials, passive fire protection solutions and rotor blades for pumps and compressors. TENMAT is a multinational corporation which is headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom. Approximately 76 percent of its revenue is generated from sales to customers based in countries outside of the United Kingdom. TENMAT works closely with its customers to provide a solution starting from material selection to component delivery. This has resulted in world market leading positions in several niches. TENMAT has sales offices in the UK, USA, France, Germany and Italy and serves,
20
together with vendors and distributors, customers all over the world. With a focus on differentiated niche products, TENMAT is able to charge premium prices resulting in an EBIT margin of 37.4 percent, compared to industry peers' margin of 12 percent, for the financial year 2011. Over the period of 2007 to 2011, TENMAT had a compounded annual growth rate of 14.6 percent in its EBIT.
As of the date of this Prospectus, the legal title to the shares in TENMAT has not yet been transferred to Diamorph UK Limited and the closing of the SPA is, inter alia, conditional upon Diamorph obtaining sufficient capital to pay the purchase price under the SPA. The acquisition of TENMAT is intended to be financed through the issue of the Bonds and the issue of new shares resolved upon on 11 June 2012 (see further above). The consideration for TENMAT is GBP 62 million (SEK 682 million). The consideration comprises (without taking adjustments into account) GBP 51 million (SEK 561 million) payable upon completion, GBP 2.5 million (SEK 27.5 million) deferred to the first anniversary of completion, and GBP 5 million (SEK 55 million) deferred to the second anniversary of completion, GBP 1.75 million (SEK 19 million) deferred to the second anniversary of completion and GBP 1.75 million (SEK 19 million) deferred until 3.5 years following completion. Part of the consideration, GBP 5 million, will be paid in kind with shares in Diamorph which corresponds to 10 percent of the Company. It is currently expected that the legal title to the shares will be transferred to Diamorph UK Limited in the beginning of August 2012.
SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS To the Company's knowledge, there are no shareholders' agreements or other agreements between the Company's shareholders that aims at a joint influence over the Company. However, in connection with the completion of the acquisition of TENMAT, Serendipity Ixora Fund AB and the Sellers intend to enter into a shareholders' agreement regarding their ownership of shares in the Company. The shareholders' agreement will contain customary tag-along and drag-along provisions and undertakings to vote for the other party's board representation.
RECENT EVENTS An extraordinary general meeting held on 23 May 2012 elected new members of the board of directors.
