Trends etc.
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS Except for the SPA described above, the Company has not entered into any material agreement not in the ordinary course of its business and which may affect the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds.
LITIGATION The Company is not currently, and has not within the last twelve months been, subject to any material court or administrative proceedings which could have a significant effect on the Company's or the Group's financial position or profitability. Further, the Company is not aware of any legal proceedings or arbitration proceedings that could arise and which could have a significant effect on the Company or the Group's financial position or profitability.
On 24 July 2012, the Company was informed that one of the Investors (the "Plaintiff"), being a shareholder in the Company's partly owned subsidiary Diamorph Bearings, had filed a request for arbitration with the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce. According to the request, the Plaintiff is of the opinion that the Company and Mr Svedberg have violated certain terms and conditions of the investment agreement described in the Section "Overview of Group Structure". The Company is convinced that the demands are completely unfounded, which is supported by reviews made by the Company's legal advisers Baker & McKenzie Advokatbyrå KB and Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå KB. Therefore, the Company is of the opinion that the request for arbitration will not have any significant effect on the Company or the Group's financial position or profitability.
22
Board of directors, senior management and auditors
The board of directors of the Company currently consists of three members. Information on the members of the board of directors and the senior management, including significant assignments outside the Company, is set out below.
All of the board members the senior management can be reached at the following address: Diamorph AB (publ), Roslagstullsbacken 11, 106 91 Stockholm.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
