Mr Svedberg holds no shares in the Company.
Dr Lönn is a medical doctor, specialising in urologic surgery. Dr Lönn has a breadth of experience from working in the healthcare sector as a medical entrepreneur. Dr Lönn is the founder and owner of M&M Medical AB and has operated Sabbatsberg local hospital in Stockholm and several other clinics. Dr Lönn works with financial investments. He is engaged in businesses ranging from companies owned by local authority to private companies, including several fund constellations.
Dr Lönn is currently a board member of several companies: SciLife Clinic AB, PRIMA Barn och Ungdomspsykiatri AB, H.F. Oral Care AB, Herbst & Forsell AB, MaBeMi Consulting AB, Mikael Lönn AB, Norrtäljes Gemensamma Hälso, sjukvård- och omsorgsbolag TioHundra AB, Vascuring AB, Parcon Sweden AB and Imix Holding AB.
Dr Lönn holds 1,445,000 shares in the Company.
23
SENIOR MANAGEMENT The chief executive officer, Fredrik Svedberg, is the only member of the Company's senior management. For information about Mr Svedberg, please see above under board of directors.
AUDITOR Ernst & Young AB was re-elected as the Company's auditor at the annual general meeting held on 29 June 2012. Jens Noaksson, born in 1971 and member of FAR, is the auditor-in-charge. Ernst & Young AB and Jens Noaksson can be reached at the address P.O. Box 7850, 103 99 Stockholm.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST To the Company's knowledge, none of the members of the board of directors or the senior management of the Company has a private interest that may be in conflict with the interests of the Company. Although the Company is not currently aware of any conflicts of interest, it cannot be excluded that conflicts of interest may arise between companies in which members of the board of directors and members of the senior management have duties, as described above, and the Company.
FINANCIAL INTERESTS Two of the members of the board of directors have a financial interest in the Company through their direct or indirect holding of shares in the Company.
