Production trend The Company is in a stage of development where several of its products are in a research and development phase. Therefore, the Company's future growth depends on its ability to render these products successful as well as on its ability to improve existing products, in order to meet customer requirements and to avoid losing market share to competitors. Future growth is also dependent on the Company's ability to develop new products within existing and new market segments. Research and development efforts of new products are costly and always entail a risk of
unsuccessful commercialisation, which could have a negative effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Production The Group's production activities are mainly conducted in a production facility in the Czech Republic and consist of chain processes where an interruption or a disturbance - such as a breakdown, a labour dispute or a natural disaster ­ at any stage may have a major impact on the Group's ability to fulfil its obligations to its customers. Any such interruptions or disturbances may therefore adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
In order for the Group to produce its products on a larger scale, the intention is to complement the existing Czech Republic production line with a new production line. A delay or other disturbance to the creation of this structure may have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Customers, suppliers and partners The Group's customer, supplier and partner relations constitute an operational risk. Diamorph's business activities are conducted in several different countries with customers in multiple customer sectors, including industrial enterprises and aircraft manufacturers. A weak development in any of these customer sectors could lead to a reduced demand for the Company's products, which could have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
The Group's products consist of materials from several different suppliers. To be in a position to manufacture, sell and deliver products, the Group is dependent upon deliveries from third parties in accordance with agreements relating to, inter alia, quantity, quality and delivery time. Erroneous or default deliveries by suppliers may in turn cause delay or default in the Group's deliveries to its customers, which could have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
The Company has entered into, and may in the future enter into, strategic co-operation agreements regarding, inter alia, the development and commercialisation of Diamorph's products. The Company and its partners may from time to time have different opinions on how a co-operation shall be managed or how rights and duties should be allocated. A disagreement or dispute including one or several partners may have a negative effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Acquisitions and integration An essential part of the Company's strategy is to work actively with acquisitions of companies and businesses and to integrate such acquired companies and business into the Group. The Company may have significant acquisition, administration and restructuring costs with regard to both historical and future acquisitions. Post-acquisition, if the Company does not manage to successfully integrate acquired companies and businesses, these companies and businesses do not perform as expected or expected synergies are not obtained, this may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Risks relating to the Acquisition As set forth in the Section "The Company and its operations", the Company has on 12 June 2012 entered into a share purchase agreement (the "SPA") to acquire all of the shares in Modular Stock
