Acquisitions and integration An essential part of the Company's strategy is to work actively with acquisitions of companies and businesses and to integrate such acquired companies and business into the Group. The Company may have significant acquisition, administration and restructuring costs with regard to both historical and future acquisitions. Post-acquisition, if the Company does not manage to successfully integrate acquired companies and businesses, these companies and businesses do not perform as expected or expected synergies are not obtained, this may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
5
Limited ("TENMAT") (the "Acquisition"). The Acquisition includes a number of risks, including those set forth below.
Transaction risks Although the SPA contains warranties regarding TENMAT, the warranties do not cover all possible acquisition risks and compensation for warranty breach is limited in time and amount. In case of a warranty breach, the Company has to prove that a warranty breach exists and that the Company has suffered a loss because of such a breach. The current owners of TENMAT (the "Sellers") have prior to entering into the SPA disclosed information against the warranties.
To the extent information was disclosed about a matter the Company cannot claim compensation for a breach of warranty arising in relation thereto. There is therefore a risk that the Company will not be compensated in full if a risk relating to TENMAT materialises. In addition, certain risks (especially with respect to environmental and pension issues) are not, or only to a limited extent, covered by warranties.
Completion of the Acquisition is conditional upon certain so called "conditions precedent", which must be fulfilled (or waived) before completion can occur. If one or more of these conditions precedent is not fulfilled in due time, completion of the Acquisition may be prevented. All of the above could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
TENMAT is also subject to all the risks inherent with an international manufacturing company, and especially to the risks further described below.
Synergies Diamorph expects that the Acquisition will generate specific synergies, e.g. in relation to customer base, distribution network, research and development and product offerings. If such expected synergies are not obtained, this may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Legal proceedings TENMAT is from time to time involved as claimant or defendant in formal or informal proceedings with third parties, such as customers, suppliers and other business partners. Most claims do not lead to formal legal proceedings but TENMAT is currently engaged in litigation with one of its suppliers and there is no assurance that other discussions with third parties will not lead to litigation in the future. Litigation can be costly and there can be no guarantee of a successful outcome in current or any future litigation. Diamorph will (once it becomes the owner of TENMAT) bear the risks and costs from current or future litigation in relation to TENMAT. This could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
