Synergies Diamorph expects that the Acquisition will generate specific synergies, e.g. in relation to customer base, distribution network, research and development and product offerings. If such expected synergies are not obtained, this may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Commercial agreements TENMAT has entered into a large number of agreements with customers, suppliers, distributors and other third parties. The counterparties to such agreements are domiciled in a number of different countries and the agreements are governed by the laws of various jurisdictions. Although a formal agreement has been entered into, there is a risk that TENMAT will not be able to enforce all of its rights under these agreements. If TENMAT is unable to enforce its rights under the agreements, this could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
6
Pension matters TENMAT has a defined benefit retirement plan. A characteristic of defined benefit retirement plans is that they specify the amount of the retirement benefit that the employee obtains after retirement. A defined benefit retirement plan is financed by contributions assessed by an actuary to be sufficient to fund the expected pension payments. The last full actuarial valuation (as at 3 August 2010) disclosed an on-going deficit which was corrected by an one-off payment made by TENMAT. However, according to the last funding update (as at 31 March 2012), an on-going deficit has recurred.
Although this deficit will be corrected prior to completion of the Acquisition, a deficit could arise again in the future which would need to be funded by TENMAT at a time when it is owned by Diamorph (as the new owner). This could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Environmental matters TENMAT's production facility in Manchester is situated on the Trafford Park industrial estate, which is an industrial estate east of Manchester City Centre and also one of the oldest and largest industrial areas in the United Kingdom. The property itself and the surrounding area has been heavily industrialised for over a century. Given the past use of the site, there is a risk of localised soil and groundwater contamination across the whole of the site and the surrounding area. There is also a risk of a wide range of contaminants including metals, asbestos, phenols, hydrocarbons and solvents. TENMAT may therefore have to carry out and/or pay for the decontamination of any such contaminants, which may cost significant amounts and adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Human resources and bonuses A successful integration of TENMAT with Diamorph is dependant in part on whether TENMAT's senior executives and other key employees will stay with TENMAT after completion of the acquisition. The same applies to TENMAT's future development. If Diamorph or TENMAT fails to retain these individuals within the Group, it could have an adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
There is a risk that TENMAT has not always been and is not fully compliant with applicable employment laws and regulations in the countries in which it operates. If this risk materialises, it could result in legal claims being brought against TENMAT. The outcome of such proceedings could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results. TENMAT operates discretionary and non-contractual rewards and bonus programmes for certain employees and has previously operated a share option based incentive programme. Various risks are associated with such bonus and incentive programmes. For example, if a discretionary and non-contractual bonus is consistently applied over a long period of time, there is a risk that it becomes contractual through custom and practice. Further, various tax and valuation risks are associated with sharebased incentive programmes. If TENMAT has breached or in the future breaches any contractual obligation or applicable law (tax or other), this could have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
7
