There is a risk that TENMAT has not always been and is not fully compliant with applicable employment laws and regulations in the countries in which it operates. If this risk materialises, it could result in legal claims being brought against TENMAT. The outcome of such proceedings could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results. TENMAT operates discretionary and non-contractual rewards and bonus programmes for certain employees and has previously operated a share option based incentive programme. Various risks are associated with such bonus and incentive programmes. For example, if a discretionary and non-contractual bonus is consistently applied over a long period of time, there is a risk that it becomes contractual through custom and practice. Further, various tax and valuation risks are associated with sharebased incentive programmes. If TENMAT has breached or in the future breaches any contractual obligation or applicable law (tax or other), this could have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Intellectual property rights Where TENMAT seeks to protect its technological innovations it does so to safeguard the returns on the resources that TENMAT assigns to research and development and to try to prevent third parties or competitors from using its technology. When protecting the technological innovations and other intellectual property rights, TENMAT relies to a large extent on confidential information and know-how rather than patents and registrations. However, there is a risk that these measures will prove insufficient and that TENMAT will not be able to protect its intellectual property rights.
Furthermore, there is a risk that new technologies and products are developed which circumvent or replace TENMAT's intellectual property rights. As with most companies of this type, there is an inherent risk for infringement on the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement disputes can be costly, intrusive and time consuming and could adversely affect TENMAT's business. Further, if TENMAT's intellectual property rights are found to be insufficiently protected this could have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
LEGAL RISKS Legislation and regulation risks Since the Group's business activities are conducted in several different countries and cover a number of different customer sectors, the Group is exposed to a variety of different laws, regulations (including anti-trust), rules, agreements and guidelines, (including environmental and health and safety). Any changes thereof may have a significant adverse effect on Diamorph's business activities.
Warranties The Company's operations include product development, manufacturing, marketing and sales. Since the Company manufactures products with advanced features such as extreme hardness and toughness and good thermal properties, matters of quality are particularly important. A defect in any part of the production process could lead to quality issues or involve other risks with regard to, inter alia, product safety. Unforeseen issues of product quality may harm the Company's reputation and brand, result in costs in relation to warranty claims and have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Insurance The Group keeps the business insured through different insurance policies such as property and professional liability insurances. The Company is of the opinion that the Group's insurance protection is sufficient to cover risks normally associated with its business operations. However, the Company cannot guarantee that the Group's current insurance protection can be maintained with acceptable terms or at all or that future demands will be fully covered by the Group's insurance protection, which may have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Intellectual property rights The Company seeks to protect the Group's innovations to safeguard the returns on the resources that Diamorph assigns to research and development. Patents are therefore an essential part of the Group's property rights and the Group therefore continuously submits patent applications whenever the Company considers appropriate. Thus, patent infringement is a risk to which the
8
Group is exposed. There is no guarantee that the Group will be able to protect its patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights or that submitted applications for registration will be granted.
