"UK SPV Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Company and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge of all shares in UK SPV;
has the meaning set forth in Section 18 (g); and
"Qualified Majority"
has the meaning set forth in Section 18 (d).
40
2 The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments 2.1 The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK four hundred and twenty five
million (425,000,000) and will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0004636512. 2.2 The minimum permissible investment in connection with the issuance of the Bonds is SEK one million (1,000,000). 2.3 The Company undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions. 2.4 The Company may choose not to issue the full amount of Bonds at the Issue Date and may in such case choose to issue the remaining amount of Bonds at one or more subsequent dates. Such Bonds may be sold at another price than the Nominal Amount. 2.5 The Net Proceeds shall be used by the Company to grant the Intercompany Loan to UK SPV. The Company shall procure that the money borrowed by UK SPV under the Intercompany Loan is applied by UK SPV towards acquiring the shares in the Acquisition Target under the SPA. 2.6 The Net Proceeds can, at the discretion of the Company, be exchanged from SEK to GBP by the Issuing Agent on behalf of the Company. The funds shall thereafter be transferred by the Issuing Agent to the Escrow Account. For the purpose of securing that the Net Proceeds will be used by the Company in accordance with Section 2.5, the Escrow Account has been pledged in favour of the Holders and the Bond Trustee under the Escrow Account Pledge until the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement and the Conditions Subsequent have been fulfilled.
3 Status The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among them.
4 Security 4.1 As a continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Company's obligations under
