4.7 Funds originating from an enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Pledge Agreements shall be distributed in proportion to each Holder's investment in the Bonds. Funds that the Bond Trustee receives on account of the Holders in connection with the enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Pledge Agreements constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The Bond Trustee shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. If the Bond Trustee deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Section 4.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
42
CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Section 4.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Section 4.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Company shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Section 4.7. Especially, the Company shall, upon the Bond Trustee's request, provide the Bond Trustee with a written power of attorney empowering the Bond Trustee to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Bond Trustee and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Section 4.7 to the Holders through the CSD.
5 The Bonds and transferability 5.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions and, where relevant, the other Finance
Documents without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
5.2 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
5.3 Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
5.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
6 Bonds in electronic book-entry form 6.1 The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in electronic
