5.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
book-entry form and will be registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
6.2 The Company shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok). At the request of the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent, the Company shall request and provide such information to the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent or provide the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information.
43
7 Payments of principal and interest 7.1 Payment of the Nominal Amount and/or interest will be made to the person who is a Holder on the
Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date. 7.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be paid to a
designated bank account, such payment will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. If a day on which an amount becomes due and payable is not a Banking Day the amount will be deposited or transferred the next following Banking Day. However, interest only accrues up to and including the relevant due date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of any amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. For the avoidance of doubt, payment will be made to the person registered as Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the actual payment date. 7.3 If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care. 7.4 The Company may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
8 Redemption at maturity The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount on the Final Redemption Date.
9 Early redemption by request of the Company 9.1 All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Company on any Early
