8
Further, the sectors that the Group operates in are subject to rapid technical developments. Accordingly, there is a risk that new innovations and products are developed by competitors or others which circumvent or replace the Group's intellectual property rights. In addition, the Company is partly dependent on know-how that cannot be protected by intellectual property law. It is possible that competitors will develop similar know-how or that the Company is not able to protect its know-how in a desired manner. The Company believes that the Group does not currently infringe third party intellectual property rights. However, as with most companies of this nature, the Company cannot guarantee that the Group cannot be considered to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement disputes can, like disputes in general, be costly and time consuming and may therefore adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Environment, safety and health The Company believes that its business is operated in accordance with applicable laws and rules regarding the environment and health and safety. The Group's business is, to some extent, subject to national environmental permits. The Group's ownership and operation of industrial premises imposes risks, such as the risk of being obliged to examine and decontaminate such premises in the event of pollution. Changes of law and stricter government regulation of environmental and health and safety matters or a development towards a stricter application of laws and rules by public authorities may require additional investments and lead to increased costs and commitments upon those operations subject to such laws and rules. Liability as a result of personal injury, property damage or environmental damage may have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Permits and certificates The Group's production and exports, to some extent, depend on the granting of permits by the relevant public authorities. Diamorph believes that it holds all such relevant permits. However, there is no guarantee that the Group in the future will maintain and/or be granted the required permits, which may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Tax The Group operates in several countries. The business, including transactions between group companies, operates in accordance with the Company's interpretation of applicable tax law, treaties and regulations in the relevant countries as well in accordance with the requirements of the relevant tax authorities. The Company's interpretation of such rules and regulations may be challenged by relevant tax authorities and tax rules may be subject to changes, which could affect the Group's tax position and have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results. The same risks would apply if the Group were to amend or change its business.
9
FINANCIAL RISKS Liquidity and financing risks The terms and conditions of the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions") contain certain restrictions on the Company to incur additional debt and the Company, as long as such bond loan is outstanding, has limited scope to satisfy its future capital needs by incurring additional indebtedness. The bond loan also contains certain other commitments and restrictions. In the event that the Company cannot fulfil such commitments and restrictions or commitments and restrictions under other financing arrangements, the relevant creditors may have a right to demand early repayment, demand that the terms and conditions of such loan or financing arrangements shall be amended or that any pledged assets shall be realised, which may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
The bond loan is due to mature during 2017. Since the bond loan constitutes the Group's principal financing source, a refinancing need will occur when the bond loan is to be repaid by Diamorph. The Company's ability to successfully satisfy such refinancing need is dependent on the conditions of the capital markets and the Company's financial condition at such time. Even if the conditions of the capital markets and the Company's financial condition are good at such time, there is no guarantee that such refinancing, or other future refinancing, can be completed on reasonable terms (or at all) or that the Company's assets will be sufficient to repay the amounts due, which may have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Currency risks The Company is exposed to currency risks. The Company's accounting currency is SEK, but sales are in, inter alia, EUR. Further, the Group has operations in the Czech Republic. Unfavourable currency exchange rate fluctuations may therefore have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
