16.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the Bonds' Nominal Amount plus the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Section 10 (Interest) from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to and including the payment date.
16.4 If the Bonds can be terminated and declared due and payable for payment prematurely due to a failure to fulfil the obligations set out in Section 13.1 (e), the Bond Trustee or the Holders shall not
51
be entitled to declare the Bonds due for payment prematurely due to the failure until ten (10) weeks have passed from the occurrence of such default (calculated from the date of the relevant Financial Report or Compliance Certificate as the case may be) and only if it is continuing at the time of the declaration, after taking into consideration any injections of equity during such cure period when determining if the requirements are fulfilled.
16.5 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
16.6 The Company is obliged to inform the Bond Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 16.1 should occur. Should the Bond Trustee not receive such information, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Bond Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance, and the Bond Trustee is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Section 16.1. The Company shall further provide the Bond Trustee with such details as the Bond Trustee may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 16.1 and provide, at the request of the Bond Trustee, all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 16.
16.7 The Company is only obliged to inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 16.6 if informing the Bond Trustee would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX.
16.8 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 16.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 18. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased.
16.9 If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 18, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
