The bond loan is due to mature during 2017. Since the bond loan constitutes the Group's principal financing source, a refinancing need will occur when the bond loan is to be repaid by Diamorph. The Company's ability to successfully satisfy such refinancing need is dependent on the conditions of the capital markets and the Company's financial condition at such time. Even if the conditions of the capital markets and the Company's financial condition are good at such time, there is no guarantee that such refinancing, or other future refinancing, can be completed on reasonable terms (or at all) or that the Company's assets will be sufficient to repay the amounts due, which may have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Interest risks The Group has borrowings in EUR with flexible interest, as a result of which the group is exposed to risks relating to, inter alia, cash flow. The Company has therefore entered into an interest rate swap agreement in order to minimise the Group's cash flow risks. If said action proves to be insufficient to minimise the Group's cash flow risks, Diamorph's business, financial position and results may be adversely affected.
Customer credit risks The Group applies market standard payment terms to its customers. If a customer cannot pay a debt on time or at all that the Group has invoiced or intends to invoice it may have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Goodwill A substantial share of the Company's intangible fixed assets consists of goodwill. Goodwill is tested at least annually to identify any necessary impairment requirements. In the event that future impairment tests in respect of decreases in the value of goodwill should lead to impairment, this may have a negative impact on Diamorph's financial position and earnings.
10
RISKS RELATING TO THE BONDS Credit risks Investors in the Bonds carry a credit risk relating to the Company. The investor's ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions is therefore dependent on the Company's ability to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent upon the performance of the Company's (including TENMAT's) operations and its financial position. The Company's financial position is affected by several factors of which a number have been discussed above.
An increased credit risk may cause the market to charge the Bonds a higher risk premium, which would negatively affect the Bonds' value. Another aspect of the credit risk is that a deteriorating financial position of the Company may reduce the Company's possibility to receive debt financing at the time of the maturity of the Bonds.
Interest rate risks The Bonds' value depends on several factors, one of the most significant being the level of market interest. Investments in the Bonds involve a risk that the market value of the Bonds may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates.
Liquidity risks The Company intends to apply for listing of the Bonds on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm. However, the Company cannot guarantee that the Bonds will be admitted to trading. Further, even if securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market, active trading in the securities does not always occur and hence there are no guarantees that a liquid market for trading in the Bonds will occur or be maintained even if the Bonds are listed. The result may be that the holders cannot sell their Bonds when desired or at a price level which allows for a profit comparable to similar investments with an active and functioning secondary market. Lack of liquidity in the market may have a negative impact on the market value of the Bonds. Furthermore, the nominal value of the Bonds may not be indicative compared to the market price of the Bonds if the Bonds are admitted for trading on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm.
