(m) The Company shall bear all costs for the Company and the Bond Trustee in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.
19.1 Unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents (including legal costs) and the fulfilment of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty) and the listing of the Bonds on OMX.
19.2 The fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Company and are set forth in the Agent Agreement.
19.3 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Holders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Company is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
19.4 Except as provided in Section 19.3, the Company shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the issuance of Bonds and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
20 Amendments of the Terms and Conditions
20.1 The Bond Trustee may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the other Finance Documents as long as such amendments does not limit the obligation of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, to the Bond Trustees discretion, may materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders or that such amendment is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. Subject to decisions of the Holders in accordance with Section 18, the Bond Trustee may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments.
20.2 The Bond Trustee may also, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents to the extent such amendments are required by applicable law, court rulings or decisions by relevant authorities or, when the Bonds are listed on OMX, and as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders, to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing.
20.3 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Section 23, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
