20.2 The Bond Trustee may also, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents to the extent such amendments are required by applicable law, court rulings or decisions by relevant authorities or, when the Bonds are listed on OMX, and as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders, to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing.
60
21 Time-bar 21.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be time-barred and become void ten (10)
years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be timebarred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment have been time-barred and become void. 21.2 If such periods for limitation are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
22 Allocation of payments 22.1 Application of proceeds following an Event of Default
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, the available funds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds originating from the enforcement of the security under the Pledge Agreements or the Escrow Account Pledge) shall, unless otherwise stipulated in the Pledge Agreements, firstly be applied towards payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee, and any remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee, under these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement and secondly in or towards payment of all sums owed by the Company to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions. The surplus, if any, shall promptly be transferred to the respective pledgors under the Pledge Agreements. 22.2 Allocation of payments made to the Holders If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment of the Nominal Amount.
23 Notices 23.1 Notices from the Company or the Bond Trustee shall be given in English to the Holders at their
addresses as registered with the CSD. Notices to the Holders shall be considered to be received by the Holders three (3) Banking Days after they have been dispatched. 23.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company or the Bond Trustee shall be given in English to the Company or the Bond Trustee as the case may be and, if to the Company, with a copy to the Bond Trustee, at the addresses set forth in Section 1.
24 Nominee registration In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose
