addresses as registered with the CSD. Notices to the Holders shall be considered to be received by the Holders three (3) Banking Days after they have been dispatched. 23.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company or the Bond Trustee shall be given in English to the Company or the Bond Trustee as the case may be and, if to the Company, with a copy to the Bond Trustee, at the addresses set forth in Section 1.
61
of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting rights of the Holders in Section 18).
25 Limitation of liability etc. 25.1 The Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage
caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict. 25.2 The Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, or any affiliates to the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, or any affiliates to the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, be liable for indirect damage. 25.3 The Bond Trustee shall not be liable for damage caused in connection with the enforcement of the Pledge Agreements or the Escrow Account Pledge (irrespective if such claim would have been made under these Terms and Conditions, the terms and conditions of the Pledge Agreements or the terms and conditions of the Escrow Account Pledge), unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. 25.4 Should the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any of the circumstances mentioned in Section 25.1, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event. 25.5 The provisions in this Section 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
26 Listing The Company intends to list the Bonds on OMX within 30 days after the Issue Date and not later than 60 days after the Issue Date. Further, the Company undertakes to list the Bonds not later than one (1) year after the Issue Date in accordance with Section 13.1.
27 Governing law and jurisdiction 27.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
Sweden. 27.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to Section 27.3,
be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.
