Interest rate risks The Bonds' value depends on several factors, one of the most significant being the level of market interest. Investments in the Bonds involve a risk that the market value of the Bonds may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates.
It should also be noted that during a given time period it may be difficult or impossible to sell the Bonds (at all or on reasonable terms) due to, for example, severe price fluctuations, close down of the relevant market or trade restrictions imposed on the market.
Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in Euroclear's book-entry system The Bonds are affiliated to Euroclear's account-based system, and no physical notes have been, or will be, issued. Clearing and settlement relating to the Bonds is carried out within Euroclear's book-entry system as well as payment of interest and repayment of principal. Investors are therefore dependent on the functionality of Euroclear's account-based system for timely and accurate payment.
Risks relating to early redemption Under the Terms and Conditions, the Company has reserved the ability to redeem all outstanding Bonds before the final redemption date. If the Bonds are redeemed before the final redemption date, the holders have the right to receive an early redemption amount which exceeds the nominal amount. However, there is a risk that the market value of the Bonds is higher than the early redemption amount.
11
Preferential rights Except for the current acquisition term loan facility between the Company's subsidiary Contineo a.s. and UniCredit Bank Czech Republic A.S. and certain hedging and other currency arrangements, the Group has no material undertakings with regard to loans or facilities from banks or other credit institutions. Subject to the restrictions in the Terms and Conditions, the Group may however in the future decide to take up loans from such institutions and provide security in relation thereto. Such loans may therefore, together with the existing facility and credit arrangements that are secured, constitute a priority claim on the companies of the Group.
Each investor should be aware that there is a risk that an investor in the Bonds could lose all or part of their investment if the Company becomes bankrupt, carries out a re-organization or is wound-up.
Bondholders' meetings The Terms and Conditions include certain conditions regarding bondholders' meetings. Such meetings may be held in order to resolve on matters relating to the bondholders' interests. The Terms and Conditions allow for stated majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who have not taken part in the meeting and those who have voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened and conducted bondholders' meeting.
Amended or new legislation This Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions are based on Swedish law in force at the Issue Date. No assurance can be given on the impact of any possible future legislative measures or changes or modifications to administrative practices.
