2. Status of the Bonds
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees, and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms, (i) that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and (ii) agrees to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Bond is EUR 1.00 (the "Nominal Amount"). All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The minimum permissible investment upon issuance of the Bonds is EUR 100,000.
(e) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met and that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 100, 000, 000.
(f) Subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(g) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(h) As of the First Issue Date, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the
15
