(d) When the Trustee is satisfied that it has received the conditions precedents set out in Clause 4(b), the Trustee shall notify the bank with witch the Issuer holds the Escrow VP Account and the Escrow Interest Account that the pledge over the Escrow VP Account and the Escrow Interest Account have been released and instruct the bank to release the block over the Escrow VP Account and the Escrow Interest Account for the purpose of cancelling the Exchanged Existing Bonds.
Use of Proceeds).
(g) The Trustee may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4(b) and 4(c) is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Trustee does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation and evidence. The Trustee does not have any obligation to review the document and evidence referred to in Clause 4(b) and 4(c) above from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders
(h) If the conditions precedents set out in Clause 4(b) and 4(c) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Trustee (acting reasonably) or waived by the Trustee within 20 Business Days following the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Trustee to the Bondholders in accordance with the Escrow Accounts Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(h). The repurchase date shall fall no later than 30 Business Days after the First Issue Date.
17
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
(b) Each Bondholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Bondholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Bonds registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in Clauses 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 4 of the BookEntry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Trustee, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, as applicable.
(c) The Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 5(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in Clause 5(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
