from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this paragraph. The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in paragraph (a) above.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
10. Transaction Security
10.1 Granting of the Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfillment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grant the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Security Agent on the terms set out in the Transaction Security Documents.
(b) For the avoidance of doubt, any mortgage and floating charge is deemed perfected for the purposes of this Clause where, in addition to due execution of the relevant Transaction Security Documents, duly signed applications for the registration of such mortgages have been filed with the appropriate registration authority with instruction to the authority to deliver the registered mortgage notes to the Trustee.
(c) All security interests established under the Security Documents shall constitute first priority security for all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, subject to corporate law limitations.
(d) The Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Security Documents.
(e) Unless and until the Security Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Security Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Security Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Security Documents and the terms of the Finance Documents, and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.
