(a) The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee is not responsible for the content, valid execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
(c) The Trustee's duties under this Agreement are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Trustee only acts in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions. In particular, the Trustee in not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
(d) The Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(e) The Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer with its obligations under these Terms and Conditions on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents or received from a Bondholder. The Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions.
37
(f) The Trustee is entitled to take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.
(g) The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, provided that such professional parties are selected with due care.
(h) The Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(i) The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all reasonable costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the' Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 15 (Allocation of Proceeds).
