"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest Payment Date" means 21 March, 21 June, 21 September and 21 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 23 June 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if applicable).
"Interest Rate" means a floating interest rate of STIBOR 3M plus 2.25 % per annum, payable quarterly in arrears.
"Issue Date" means 21 March 2014.
"Issuer" means FastPartner AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden, whose registered office is Sturegatan 38 in Stockholm, with Swedish Reg. No. 556230 7867.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB (Reg. No. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, 103 91 Stockholm, Sweden) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
6
"Loan" means liabilities to credit institutions and similar liabilities as defined and calculated in the Company's latest annual report.
