5.7 No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
6
BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM
6.1 The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities accounts and no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests related to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
6.2 Those who according to assignment, security, the provision of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken 1949:381), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
6.3 The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by
12
the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
6.4 For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt register as contemplated under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent shall at the request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.
