10.3.1 The Bonds may not be redeemed in advance by the Issuer, unless the redemption is financed by way of another issue of Market Loans which the bondholders may subscribe for, in which case all (but not only some) of the Bonds may be voluntarily redeemed by the Issuer, on any Business Day after the day falling 180 days before Final Redemption Date. The Bonds will be redeemed at a price equal to the Nominal Amount of each Bond together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon up until (and including) the Redemption Date.
10.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control or De-listing Event (put option)
10.4.1 Upon a Change of Control or De-listing Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to
15
101.00 % of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of 60 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control or De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (d). The 60 calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control or De-listing Event.
10.4.2 The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (d) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.10.1 (d). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4.1.
10.4.3 The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
10.5 Minimum outstanding Bond amount
(a) If the aggregate Nominal Amount under all outstanding Bonds (less any Bonds held or retained by the Issuer or an Affiliate to the Issuer) would fall below 30 % of the initial aggregate Nominal Amount on the Issue Date, the Issuer must redeem all remaining outstanding Bonds at 101.00 % of the Nominal Amount.
