13.1 If the Bonds are declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, all payments by the Issuer relation to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Payment Date);
23
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under these Terms and Conditions.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) - (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) - (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
13.2 If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 13.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 13.1.
13.3 Funds that Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of the Bonds constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 13 as soon as reasonably practicable.
13.4 If the Issuer of the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 13, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least 15 Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest du but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall apply.
