(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated assets o f the Group, or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiaiy which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiaiy or (B) sufficient assets o f the Issuer that such Subsidiaiy would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiaiy shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets o f the Group (as the case may be).
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"M aturity B ate" means 19 November 2015 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in tills Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregated book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's gross interest bearing debt in accordance with IFRS less the Group's aggregated holdings on consolidated basis of Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"NIBQR" means that the rate for an interest period will be die rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as o f 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if die Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option. .
"NIBOR Reference R ate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis o f the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Tiustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans hi Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency ofNoiway.
