Upon request by a Holder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
The Agent's duties under these Terms and Conditions are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and upon instructions from the Holders, unless otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Holders.
The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Group Companies with the terms of these Terms and Conditions (unless to the extent expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions) or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement.
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or
27
18.2.10 18.2.11 18.2.12
