(c) The Put Option may be exercised by a Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of that Bondholder's exercise of its Put Option. The applicable Issuer shall redeem that Bondholder's Bonds on the date that is 15 Banking Days after the Exercise Long Stop Date. The applicable Issuer shall provide written notice to the Bond Trustee at least 7 Banking Days before the proposed redemption date, confirming that it has sufficient funds to redeem all Bonds in respect of which a Put Option has been exercised.
11 Payments
11.1 Covenant to pay.
(a) The Obligors will on each Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
(b) The covenant contained in Clause 11.1(a) shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
11.2 Payment mechanics.
(a) If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1(a), the Issuers shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
(b) Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(c) In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2(a) or 11.2(b) above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.
