(c) Any Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
(e) Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Banking Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication (if applicable).
(f) The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
(g) The Bond Trustee may restrict the Obligors from causing any Voting Bonds to become Issuers' Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to the Issuers to such effect.
(h) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds of that Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds, as the case may be.
(i) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder holding Bonds of the relevant Issue, and shall be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
56
LEGAL U S E # 106853304.6
