Assumptions applied when calculating the recoverable amount
Norske Skog's composition of cash-generating units were reviewed in connection with the revision of its segment structure. The new composition of cash-generating units is aligned with the structure in the internal management reporting system in the Norske Skog group. Publication paper Europe and publication paper Australasia represent the two business systems and the products (Newsprint and Magazine paper) that the group is focusing on in its communication with customers, suppliers, employees and the financial market. The basis for the chosen composition of cash-generating units reflects both market and industrial fundamentals for publication paper, and the way Norske Skog follows up the mills operationally and financially. The different mills within the two business systems works together to generate cash inflows. Reflecting customer substitution between different Newsprint and Magazine paper grades it is not operationally meaningful to distinguish at the product level.
The cash-generating unit publication paper Europe consists of Norske Skog Golbey (France), Norske Skog Bruck (Austria), Norske Skog Walsum (Germany), Norske Skog Skogn (Norway) and Norske Skog Saugbrugs (Norway). The cash-generating unit publication paper Australasia consists of Norske Skog Albury (Australia), Norske Skog Boyer (Australia) and Norske Skog Tasman (New Zealand). Each of the two cash-generating units consists of several mills that together are creating a business system. Production can be moved between the mills, based on what gives best profitability for the group as a whole.
Cash flow is calculated individually for each business unit, based on the estimated useful life. The paper industry is a capital-intensive industry where investment decisions are made based on projects with a long time horizon. The production machines have a long technical life, while useful lives are linked to industry cost curves and the size of the market. The estimated remaining useful life of the individual paper machines forms the basis for determining the length of the cash flow period. Estimated useful life for the individual paper machines in the group varies from two to 20 years. For the majority of the paper machines, including those with the highest carrying value, the expected useful life varies from 12 to 20 years. Technical and commercial obsolescence are the main input factors when expected usage of the different paper machines are assessed. Sales volumes develop in accordance with the useful lives of the different paper machines in the group.
Nominal cash flow is estimated in the currency in which it will be generated. The value is calculated by discounting based on a required rate of return on capital that is relevant for the cash-generating unit or the individual asset. The required rate of return is based on the interest rate on ten-year government bonds in the currency of the cash flow estimate, an industry debt yield premium, industry beta and an equity risk premium. A country-specific risk premium relevant to the cash-generating unit or individual asset is also included in the required rate of return on capital.
When calculating value in use at the end of 2014, the discount rate after tax was in the interval from 6.2% to 8.9% (6.1% to 8.1% in 2013). The applied discount rate after tax for publication paper Europe was in the interval from 6.2% to 7.5% and publication paper Australasia was in the interval from 8.4% to 8.9%. The discount rate before tax for publication paper Europe was in in the interval from 9.2% to 10.3% and publication paper Australasia was in the interval from 12% to 12.4%. The main reason for differences in discount rate is due to country specific interest rate levels.
F-43
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
4. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
