The availability, timing and terms of any alternative sources of liquidity will likely depend upon our financial condition and prevailing conditions in the financial markets. We cannot assure you that any future financing will be available to us at any given time or as to the reasonableness of the terms on which any future financing may be available. We cannot assure you that our current expectations of cash flow from operations (which will depend on numerous future factors and conditions, many of which are beyond our control) will be accurate. Such cash flow projections are merely estimates of future events and actual events will probably vary from current estimates, possibly materially.
Demand for our products is influenced by global economic trends, demographic trends, circulation levels of newspapers and magazines, technological developments, trends in end-user preferences and inventory levels maintained by our customers.
The rise of the internet and other electronic media, including as a replacement for print-based advertising, has fundamentally changed the market environment for our products and has resulted in a decline in demand in certain markets for publication paper. The decrease in demand for publication paper is structural, rather than cyclical, and we expect this trend to continue in the future. In particular, levels of demand for newsprint in certain historically significant markets, such as Europe, Australasia
27
and the United States, have declined and are likely to continue to decline. Newspaper and magazine publishers have developed electronic platforms and channels as supplements to their printed versions and significant advertising volumes have moved from printed to electronic media. These trends have had, and are likely to continue to have in the years to come, an adverse effect on the circulation levels of traditional print media and consequently on consumption of publication paper.
In the 1990s, we and many of our competitors made significant investments in Europe to increase production capacity. In the last decade, large amounts of new capacity have been built in Asia, especially in China, to cover the expected demand growth in that region. This has reduced the need for imports from North America and Europe. In the same period, the demand for newsprint has declined significantly in North America, and to some extent in Europe, due to the reasons mentioned above, which has led to excess capacity in both these regions.
Imbalance between production capacity and demand remains our and the industry's largest challenge, as this imbalance has contributed to significant downward pressure on selling prices for our products. While we are a significant participant in most of the markets in which we compete, neither our actions nor those of any one industry participant have more than a small influence on changes in product prices. According to PPPC, in 2013 global declines in capacity matched or exceeded the declines in global demand. Despite recent industry-wide efforts to consolidate, however, overcapacity is likely to continue to have an effect in the future. Any decline in demand and corresponding excess capacity could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness maturing in 2015, 2016 and 2017 and we may not have adequate liquidity to satisfy our debt obligations as they become due.
As of September 30, 2014, without giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, we had total interest bearing liabilities of NOK 7,604 billion, including U.S.$158.2 million (NOK 1,021 million) of 2015 Notes, 129.6 million (NOK 1,052 million) of 2016 Notes and 388.5 million (NOK 3,154 million) of 2017 Notes. While we intend to use the proceeds of this Offering to address our near to medium-term maturities, we do not expect that the proceeds of this Offering, together with our anticipated cash flow from operations and other capital resources, will be sufficient to satisfy our debt obligations as they become due in 2015, 2016 and 2017. Our ability to satisfy these obligations will depend, in part, on the successful completion of the Proposed Exchange Offers and the Proposed Consent Solicitations, or one or more alternative transactions. The completion of this Offering is not contingent upon the completion of the Proposed Exchange Offers or the Proposed Consent Solicitations or any other transaction; however, if we do not receive the requisite consents for each series of the Parent's Existing Notes in the Proposed Consent Solicitations, or if sufficient consents are received for all series of Existing Notes but less than holders of a majority in principal amount of each series of Existing Notes tenders their Existing Notes in the Proposed Exchange Offers (unless the requirement for a majority in principal amount to exchange is waived by Norske Skog AS), the maximum amount of Senior Secured Notes to be issued in the Exchange for Temporary Notes will be 179.0 million.
