We have a substantial amount of indebtedness maturing in 2015, 2016 and 2017 and we may not have adequate liquidity to satisfy our debt obligations as they become due.
There is no minimum tender condition for any series of Existing Notes in the Proposed Exchange Offers. If the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations are not completed, we intend to use the proceeds from this Offering to address a portion of the maturities of the Parent's Existing Notes in one or more alternative transactions. There can be no assurance that the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations will be completed, or as to the aggregate principal amount of each series of Existing Notes that will be exchanged for Exchange Notes.
While this Offering and the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations (if completed) may extend the maturities of a significant portion of our indebtedness, such transactions may also result in significantly higher interest costs. Moreover, even after the completion of the Proposed Exchange Offers, we may still have significant debt repayment obligations due in 2015, 2016 and 2017.
The Indenture governing the Notes and the indenture that will govern the Exchange Notes will impose significant limitations on our ability to refinance any of the unsecured debt securities that remain outstanding, including with respect to the grant of guarantees or security for any refinancing debt. In addition, if we do not have adequate liquidity to satisfy our debt obligations as they become due, there is an increased risk that the Guarantees and the Security Interests granted in favor of the Senior Secured Noteholders will be subject to claims that they should be limited, subordinated or set aside. See ``--Fraudulent conveyance laws and other limitations on the enforceability and the amount of the Guarantees and the Security Interests may adversely affect their validity and enforceability" .
28
Even if we successfully consummate the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations or an alternative liability management transaction, our remaining indebtedness may impair our financial condition and our ability to grow and compete, and we may incur additional debt.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of September 30, 2014, without giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, we had total interest-bearing liabilities of NOK 7,604 billion. Our high leverage has important consequences for our financial condition, including:
· requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations for the payment of principal and interest on our debt and reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, the execution of our business strategy, acquisitions, operations and general corporate requirements;
· making it more difficult to refinance our obligations as they come due;
