All amounts presented in the table are notional amounts. Total interest-bearing liabilities will therefore differ from booked amounts due to bond discounts/premiums, hedge reserve, and unrealised effects from fair value hedging (see Note 11 Interest-bearing liabilities). Floating rate exposure is calculated without accounting for potential future refinancing.
In accordance with IFRS 7 F in a n c ia l in s tru m e n ts --d is c lo s u re s , an interest rate sensitivity analysis is presented showing the effects of changes in market interest rates on interest costs and interest income, as well as equity where applicable. The analysis is based on the following assumptions:
 Floating rate debt is exposed to changes in market interest rates, i.e. the interest costs or interest income associated with such instruments will fluctuate based on changes in market rates. These changes are accounted for in the sensitivity analysis. The result is based on the assumption that all other factors are kept constant.
 Changes in market rates on fixed rate debt will only affect the income statement if they are measured at fair value. Thus, fixed rate instruments recognised at amortised cost will not represent an interest rate risk as defined by IFRS 7. Such instruments will therefore not have any influence on the sensitivity analysis.
 Changes in fair value of interest rate derivatives that are not designated as a fair value hedge of the group's liabilities, and which are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss, are taken into consideration in the sensitivity analysis.
 Currency derivatives will only affect the sensitivity analysis to a very limited extent upon changes in the discount rate.
 Results are presented net of tax, using the Norwegian statutory tax rate of 27%.
The interest rate sensitivity analysis is based on a parallel shift in the yield curve for each relevant currency to which Norske Skog is exposed. Following a 50 basis point downward/upward parallel shift in the yield curve in all interest rate markets to which Norske Skog is exposed, net earnings would have been NOK 1 million higher/lower at 31 December 2014 (NOK 2 million lower/higher at 31 December 2013). Change in net interest payments accounts for n Ok 1million, and the total change in market values of derivatives carried at fair value through profit or loss accounts for NOK 0 million.
F-48
