· dispose of assets;
· refinance all or a portion of our debt.
29
We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us, or otherwise in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. Any failure to generate sufficient cash flow or to access alternative sources of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
The demand for our products is affected by cyclical factors.
Much of the demand for our products is generated directly or indirectly by advertising, whether by newsprint publishers, printers, direct mail campaigns, magazine publishers or other ultimate end-users of paper. When the economy slows, advertising and promotional expenditures are generally reduced and our customers' demand for our products declines. These factors are beyond our control and we are therefore vulnerable to declines in economic conditions, such as during the recent global economic downturn.
Prices for our finished products may fluctuate significantly.
The markets for publication paper products such as newsprint and magazine paper are highly cyclical and have historically experienced significant price volatility. Because publication paper is a commodity-like product, there are generally few distinguishing qualities from producer to producer. This has resulted in strong price competition for our products, with price determined by supply relative to demand. Levels of supply and demand may differ between products and geographic regions.
Supply of publication paper is principally affected by production and capacity levels. In recent years, there has been significant excess capacity in the market, which resulted from fundamental changes that have taken place in our industry. In response to this, in common with other industry participants, we have reduced industry capacity through the idling and closure of paper machines and mills. However, to avoid the idling or closing of mills, some producers may choose to continue to operate at a loss for a period of time, which could prolong weak pricing environments due to over-supply in the industry as a whole. Therefore, despite capacity reductions, there is a risk that supply will continue to exceed demand, which may cause prices to fall and change the pattern of imports and exports between regions. Excess capacity can exacerbate price decreases in periods of declining demand and can delay price increases that would otherwise result from any future increase in demand.
