32
The occurrence of such events may result in the death of, or personal injury to, mill workers, the loss of production equipment, damage to production facilities, the closure of mills, monetary losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage, administrative fines, increased insurance costs and potential legal liabilities. For example, in February 2011, a fire at the pulp production system supplying our Saugbrugs mill in Norway caused extensive damage to the electrical cable system, forcing us to stop all operations of three paper machines, delaying the return to normal production levels until January 2012. The occurrence of such events in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
We are subject to a wide variety of environmental laws and regulations, which may require us to make substantial expenditures or cause us to incur significant liabilities.
We operate in an industry that is subject to extensive environmental regulation, which has become more stringent over time. We are subject to a wide variety of environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, governing, among other things, water use, air emissions, wood procurement, use of recycled materials, energy sources, the storage, handling, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials, the operation of our mills (including the noise impact of our operations), the protection of the environment, wildlife and natural resources and the remediation of environmental contamination. Our operations require us to obtain and comply with the terms and conditions of multiple environmental permits, many of which are difficult and costly to obtain and could be subject to legal challenge. Compliance with such laws and regulations at an international, regional, national, provincial and local level is an important aspect of our ability to continue our operations.
The risk of substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in industrial operations, including the publication paper industry. Our failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations or permit requirements may result in civil or criminal fines, penalties or enforcement actions. These may include regulatory or judicial orders curtailing our operations or requiring corrective or remedial measures, such as the installation of pollution control equipment, any of which could require us to make substantial expenditures or cause us to incur significant liabilities or curtail certain of our manufacturing operations.
Further, the adoption of increasingly strict environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies, particularly those relating to air quality and water quality laws and standards related to climate change issues, such as reporting of greenhouse gas emissions, has resulted in the past, and could result in the future, in substantially increased compliance costs and liabilities. For example, if laws are introduced that require us to change, or impose other requirements in relation to, the sources of energy we currently use, it may result in a material increase in our operating expenses and require us to make significant capital expenditures aimed at ensuring compliance with such laws, regulations and policies. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will not incur significant additional environmental costs and liabilities in relation to businesses or assets we may acquire, including liabilities incurred by such business or assets before we acquire them.
It is difficult to predict the future development of such laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or their impact on our future earnings and operations, and such laws and regulations may require capital expenditures to ensure compliance. Increased regulatory, environmental and similar costs and changes to operational requirements could reduce our profit margins and earnings and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in the political or economic conditions in the countries in which we operate, or in which our products are sold, could adversely affect our results of operations and our business decisions.
We manufacture products in various countries in Europe and Australasia and participate in a jointventure in Malaysia. We sell products throughout the world. Our operations can, from time to time, attract heightened political scrutiny, as a result, for example, of the environmental impact of the use of wood to make paper. The economic and political climate of each country has a significant impact on our costs and the prices of, and demand for, our products. We conduct a substantial part of our operations in Europe, particularly in Norway and France, and as such, any adverse developments in those countries in particular or Europe in general, such as increases in tariffs or export duties, increases in tax or permit
