Changes in the political or economic conditions in the countries in which we operate, or in which our products are sold, could adversely affect our results of operations and our business decisions.
33
payments relating to transportation, changes in regulation, scarcity in, or increased prices for, raw materials, a negative political environment or an economic downturn, can affect the cost of manufacturing and distributing our products and can affect the prices of our products and our sales volume. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We are exposed to credit and liquidity risks with respect to the receipt and timing of payments from our customers and liquidity risks with respect to the payment terms offered by our suppliers.
We finance the acquisition of raw materials and the production and delivery of publication paper from working capital, credit lines or other financing sources. While we have implemented receivables financings in Europe and Australasia, our ability to fund our working capital requirements at any time will depend upon our future operating performance, our ability to generate sufficient cash and the receipt and timing of payments from our customers and the payment terms offered by our suppliers.
We face the risk of non-payment by our customers in connection with the sale of our products, particularly in respect of sales to commercial printers who have been particularly affected by the economic downturn and significant decreases in the demand for commercial printing in recent years. A continued weakness in the general economic environment may result in increased payment defaults by our customers and increased losses. As of December 31,2013, we had NOK 1,303 million of accounts receivable, of which NOK 94 million was over three months past due. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we had charges of NOK 90 million, NOK 80 million and NOK 98 million to our provision for bad debts.
Our financial position has been negatively affected by the global economic downturn, which made financing more difficult to obtain for us and for our customers and suppliers. We may experience irregular or insufficient cash flows that may make it difficult for us to meet our obligations to suppliers and customers in a timely manner or at all. Due to liquidity concerns, suppliers may require payments in advance from us on the purchase of certain raw materials. Delayed payment or non-payment by our customers, or requests for payment in advance by our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations.
Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
We are exposed to the impact of exchange rates in several ways which are significant to our financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to transaction risks as a result of differences in the currency mix of our operating revenue, on the one hand, and our operating costs, on the other hand. For example, the majority of the operating revenue from the sales of publication paper from our Norwegian operations is denominated in Euros and UK pounds sterling, while a significant portion of the operating costs for such operations are denominated in Norwegian kroner. These imbalances have negatively impacted the results of such operations and some of our other operations in recent periods as a result of the relative strength of the Norwegian kroner. We hedge some of this risk by contracting for certain expenses in Euros instead of local currencies, in particular for energy costs; however, we have terminated our currency hedging arrangements and there can be no assurance that our existing contractual arrangements will fully protect us from transactional exchange rate risk or that we will be able to enter into future hedging arrangements on commercially reasonable terms.
