MEMBERS
11
The defined benefit schemes in Norway cover people between 56 and 67 years of age, who were employed before 1 January 2011. The defined benefit obligations in Norway only encompass active members (a small number of people in early retirement until the end of 2015), since they leave the defined benefit scheme (having a paid-up policy) when they retire.
Plan assets of the pension schemes in Norske Skogindustrier ASA, Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS are managed by a life insurance company and invested in accordance with the general guidelines governing investments by life insurance companies in Norway. With effect from the beginning of 2011, a new defined contribution scheme was introduced in Norway, with a contribution of 4% for earnings between 1 and 6 G and 8% between 6 and 12 G. The defined benefit plan was closed and now only covers employees born before 1 January 1959 who were employed before the closure.
When evaluating plan assets, their estimated value at 31 December is used. This estimated value is corrected every year in accordance with the figures for the market value of the assets provided by the insurance company.
Expected return on plan assets is based on historical return and the investment profile of the plan assets.
When measuring incurred obligations, the estimated obligation at 31 December is used. This estimated obligation is corrected every year in accordance with the figures for incurred pension obligations provided by the actuary.
In addition to the benefit obligation funded through insurance plans, the group has unfunded benefit obligations, of which Norske Skog Walsum GmbH is the largest. The defined benefit scheme at Norske Skog Walsum GmbH was curtailed at the level it had at 31 December 2010, meaning there is no increase in the obligation as a result of salary increases or the time worked for the company after this date. The majority of employees covered by the defined benefit scheme at Norske Skog Walsum are in their late fifties and sixties. Number of retired people is 183. The unfunded obligations also include estimated future obligations relating to the former Norwegian early retirement scheme, pensions to former owners of subsidiaries as well as pensions for senior management and directors. Obligations relating to senior management pensions are partly funded through a supplementary retirement plan with a life insurance company.
In addition to defined benefit plans, there are also various defined contribution plans.
