Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
We are also subject to translation risk because our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Norwegian kroner but only a portion of our revenues, assets and liabilities are located in Norway or denominated in Norwegian kroner. Exchange rate fluctuations could have a significant adverse effect on our income statement and balance sheet when we translate those revenues, assets and liabilities into Norwegian kroner at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of our Consolidated Financial Statements (or, in the case of revenues, at the period average). As of, and for the year ended, December 31,2013, 28.4% of our revenues and 31.7% of our property, plant and equipment were allocated in Norway.
Additionally, currency fluctuations influence publication paper prices and trade flows and can also affect the relative competitive position of a paper mill, and there is a risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our competitiveness relative to our competitors in different countries. There can be no assurance that exchange rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
34
A downgrade in our debt ratings could result in increased interest and other financial expenses related to future borrowings, and could further restrict our access to additional capital or trade credit.
Standard and Poor's Ratings Services (" S&P" ) and Moody's Investors Service (``Moody's'') maintain credit ratings for us. Each of these ratings is currently below investment grade. On January 22, 2015, S&P downgraded our corporate credit rating and placed it on a negative watch, while Moody's downgraded our Probability of Default Rating (leaving our corporate credit rating unchanged). Any decision by these or other ratings agencies to downgrade such ratings in the future could result in increased interest and other financial expenses relating to our future borrowings, and could restrict our ability to obtain financing on satisfactory terms. In addition, any further downgrade could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, trade credit extended by our suppliers of raw materials.
Our Australasian business is dependent on a limited number of customers, the loss of any one of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
In Australasia, which contributed 24.9% of our operating revenue and 31.8% of our gross operating earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, we derive most of our revenues from only a few customers. While we currently have long-term contracts in place with these customers, contracts will fall due for renewal in 2020. If we or the customers do not perform our respective obligations under such contracts, or if we lose any one of these customers without finding alternative sources of demand, our business reputation in the region would be significantly degraded. In such a situation, we may find it difficult to attract new customers or retain those customers with which we currently have relationships. Additionally, both our customers and our suppliers of raw materials may demand more restrictive terms or shorter contract durations in their contracts with our Australasian businesses. Any of these results, singularly or in aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
The value of our energy contracts, and consequently our results of operations, may fluctuate significantly.
