In Australasia, which contributed 24.9% of our operating revenue and 31.8% of our gross operating earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, we derive most of our revenues from only a few customers. While we currently have long-term contracts in place with these customers, contracts will fall due for renewal in 2020. If we or the customers do not perform our respective obligations under such contracts, or if we lose any one of these customers without finding alternative sources of demand, our business reputation in the region would be significantly degraded. In such a situation, we may find it difficult to attract new customers or retain those customers with which we currently have relationships. Additionally, both our customers and our suppliers of raw materials may demand more restrictive terms or shorter contract durations in their contracts with our Australasian businesses. Any of these results, singularly or in aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We have entered into long-term energy supply contracts in most countries. In the event that the amount of energy we require for our operations in those geographies is less than that contracted for (for example, due to capacity reductions), we may resell the excess energy on the market and we may, from time to time, amend or sell our rights and obligations under such energy contracts. Under IFRS, the entire value of energy contracts that provide for excess supply must be valued at fair value. Contracts for energy that are for our own use do not have to be valued at fair value, but if they include embedded derivatives, the imbedded derivatives must be valued at fair value. Fair value is calculated as the present value of cash flows over the life of the contract. Changes in fair value are recorded as income or expense, as applicable, in our income statement. Since the fair value is based on market expectations for energy prices and currency exchange rates, interest rates, price indices and the discount rate used, additional volatility is introduced in our results. Due to volatility in the market price of energy and certain other relevant parameters, it is impossible to predict what the impact will be on our results of operations or financial condition from quarter to quarter. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that fluctuations in the value of our energy contracts will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We depend on third parties for certain transportation services.
We rely primarily on third parties for transportation of our products to our customers and transportation of our raw materials to us, in particular by truck and train. If any third-party transportation provider fails to deliver our products in a timely manner, we may be unable to sell them at full value. Similarly, if any transportation provider fails to deliver raw materials to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture our products on a timely basis. Shipments of products and raw materials may be delayed due to weather conditions, strikes or other events. Any failure of a third-party transportation provider to deliver raw materials or products in a timely manner could harm our reputation, negatively impact our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis could be adversely affected by the lack of adequate availability of transportation services, especially rail capacity, whether because of work stoppages or otherwise. Furthermore, increases in the cost of our transportation
35
services, including as a result of rising fuel costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Rising postal costs could weaken demand for our paper products.
A significant portion of paper is used in magazines, catalogs and other promotional mailings. Many of these materials are distributed through the mail. Future increases in the cost of postage could reduce the frequency of mailings, reduce the number of pages in magazine and advertising materials and/or cause catalogue and magazine publishers to use alternate methods to distribute their materials. Any of the foregoing could decrease the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition.
Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain appropriately skilled employees.
