Although the insurance market has been stable for the last several years, it remains cyclical and catastrophic events can change the state of the insurance market, leading to sudden and unexpected increases in premiums and deductibles and unavailability of coverage due to reasons unrelated to our business. We have in the past experienced catastrophic events such as the fire at our Saugbrugs mill in February 2011, and if similar events were to occur in the future, such incidents could, along with other factors, cause our insurance premiums to increase or our insurance policies to be modified. For example, following the fire at our Saugbrugs mill in February 2011, our insurance policy was modified and we are now only covered for business interruptions lasting 11 days or more and up to 18 months. In addition, turmoil and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely affect the insurance market, which could result in some of the insurers in our insurance portfolio being unable to pay their share of claims. We are unable to assure you that actual losses will not exceed our insurance coverage or that such excess will not be material.
We are, and may in the future be, a party to legal or regulatory proceedings, investigations and claims which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We are, and may in the future be, a party to legal or regulatory proceedings, investigations and claims arising out of the conduct of our business. The industry in which we operate has been, and may in the future continue to be, subject to heightened scrutiny in relation to environmental matters and the market in which we operate, which increases the likelihood that we are subject to legal proceedings and investigations. Any claims asserted against us may harm our reputation, regardless of their merit or eventual outcome. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any legal proceedings exceed our insurance coverage, or if the conclusions of any legal proceedings or investigations impose requirements in relation to our business, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Constant Perimeter Financial Information included in these listing particulars has been compiled from non-IFRS financial data based on certain assumptions, adjustments and estimates made by our management and is unaudited and unreviewed by our auditors.
These listing particulars present our Constant Perimeter Financial Information which includes the historic operating financial results of our existing portfolio of mills, Bruck, Golbey, Skogn, Albury, Boyer, Tasman, Walsum and Saugbrugs. The Constant Perimeter Financial Information has neither been audited nor reviewed by our independent auditors and includes information with respect to the production volumes, sales volumes, capacity, operating revenue, EBITDA and capital expenditures of the eight mills we currently operate. The Constant Perimeter Financial Information does not reflect the results of our operations classified as Other activities in our Consolidated Financial Statements, which would require significant assumptions regarding the allocation of revenues and costs on a constant perimeter basis due to historic changes in the Group's structure. See ``Presentation of Financial and Other Information-- Constant Perimeter Financial Information'' and ``Summary--Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Information'' for additional details regarding the presentation of these results and their underlying assumptions. These assumptions are based on our historical unaudited management accounts and financial records, and they involve certain assumptions which were not at not at the time and have not since been reviewed with our auditors during the periods presented for conformity with IFRS reporting standards other than in conjunction with the presentation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. For a review of our historical operating results under IFRS, please see the Consolidated Financial Statements included in these listing particulars beginning on page F-1.
The Constant Perimeter Financial Information is not intended to represent or to be indicative of the consolidated results of operations that our currently operational eight mills would have reported had the disposals of our Pisa, Singburi, Bio Bio, Follum, Parenco and Reparco operations occurred on January 1,2011 and has not been adjusted to reflect any additional costs or revenues that might have resulted therefrom. Some of the factors that could have caused our financial performance to differ materially from that expressed or implied by the Constant Perimeter Financial Information had such disposals occurred on January 1, 2011 include increased expenses (including the need to incur additional materials or staff-related or other costs) due to increased production at our remaining mills during the historical period with an uncertain impact on our operating margin. Use of this financial data may, therefore, give an inaccurate reflection of what our current portfolio's operational results would have been had such disposal's occurred on January 1, 2011.
Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees
To service the Notes and our other indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash will depend on many factors beyond our control.
Our ability to make payments on the Notes and our other indebtedness, refinance our indebtedness and fund planned capital expenditures and working capital requirements will partly depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This ability is, to a certain extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. See ``-- Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry''.
