 make restricted payments, including dividends or other distributions;
 sell assets;
 in the case of our restricted subsidiaries, enter into arrangements that restrict dividends or other payments to us;
 engage in transactions with affiliates;
 create unrestricted subsidiaries; and
 consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
Our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If we breach any of these covenants or restrictions, this would also result in an event of default under the Notes, Existing Notes and Exchange Notes. If the Existing Notes, the Notes or any other material financing arrangement that we enter into were to be accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay in full the Notes and our other debt.
If the Parent, Norske Treindustrier AS, the Exchange Notes Issuer or the Issuer's subsidiaries are unable to make distributions and other payments to the Issuer, the Issuer may be unable to pay amounts due on the Notes.
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer and the Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed by the Guarantors only, and not by any of our other subsidiaries. The Issuer is a holding company that does not directly conduct any business operations. The Issuer's only assets are the capital stock of its subsidiaries, many of which are themselves holding companies. Because the Issuer's operations are conducted solely by its subsidiaries, the Issuer expects to obtain the funds required to make payments of principal or interest on the Notes through cash dividends, distributions or other transfers from its subsidiaries and/or payments to the Issuer by the Parent, Norske Treindustrier AS and/or the Exchange Notes Issuer of funds received by the Parent through the Group's intracompany financing arrangements. Therefore, the Issuer's ability to make payments of principal or interest on the Notes will be contingent upon the Issuer's subsidiaries generating sufficient cash, or the availability of cash under the Parent's cash pooling facility and from other intracompany funding arrangements, or from other payments, to make payments to the Issuer. The Parent, Norske Treindustrier AS, the Exchange Notes Issuer and the Issuer's subsidiaries may not be able to make distributions to the Issuer. Moreover, because some of the Guarantors are holding companies, the ability of such Guarantors to make payments on their Guarantees will be dependent on similar factors. The terms of certain of our outstanding debt and the indentures governing the Notes contain or will contain a number of significant covenants that restrict the Issuer's ability, and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things, pay dividends or make other distributions, make capital expenditures, incur additional debt and grant guarantees. In addition, any payment of interest, dividends, distributions, loans or advances by the Parent, Norske Treindustrier AS, the Exchange Notes Issuer or the Issuer's subsidiaries to the Issuer could be subject to restrictions on
