In some circumstances, for instance where payments were received on the Exchange Notes in breach of the Intercreditor Agreement, Holders would be required to turn over such payments to the Security Agent for redistribution. In addition, although the Holders of the Exchange Notes are generally entitled to enforce their claims against the Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Notes Indenture, nevertheless the Intercreditor Agreement places limits on enforcement to the extent it would prejudice the enforcement by senior creditors of their security granted by the Issuer. See ``Description of Other Indebtedness--Intercreditor Agreement" .
Claims of our secured creditors will have priority with respect to their security over the claims of unsecured creditors, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness.
Claims of our secured creditors have priority with respect to the assets securing their indebtedness over the claims of our unsecured creditors. None of the assets that will secure the Senior Secured Notes will secure the Exchange Notes. Accordingly, each Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to the Guarantors' obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and any other secured indebtedness or obligations of the relevant Guarantor to the extent of the value of such assets. In the event of any foreclosure, dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganization, administration or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding of any Guarantor that has any such secured indebtedness or obligations, Holders of such secured indebtedness or obligations will have prior claims to the assets of such Guarantor that constitute their collateral. Subject to the limitations referred to under the caption ``-- Fraudulent conveyance laws and other limitations on the enforceability and the amount of the Guarantees may adversely affect their validity and enforceability'', the Holders of the Exchange Notes will participate ratably with all Holders of the unsecured indebtedness of each relevant Guarantor (other than indebtedness to which the Guarantees have been expressly subordinated), and, potentially with all of their other general creditors, based upon the respective amounts owed to each Holder or creditor, in the remaining assets of the relevant Guarantor (if any). In the event that any of the secured indebtedness of the relevant Guarantor becomes due or the creditors thereunder proceed against the operating assets that secured such indebtedness, the assets remaining after repayment of that secured indebtedness may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing in respect of the relevant Guarantee. As a result, Holders of Exchange Notes may receive less, ratably, than Holders of secured indebtedness of the relevant Guarantor and may not receive payment in respect of the Guarantees.
As of September 30, 2014, after giving effect to the Exchange Offers, the Consent Solicitations (assuming 100% participation therein) and the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes, we would have had an aggregate principal amount of 260 million of secured financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities) outstanding. We will be permitted to borrow substantial additional indebtedness, including senior debt, in the future, under the terms of the Exchange Notes Indenture.
Fraudulent conveyance laws and other limitations on the enforceability and the amount of the Guarantees and the Security Interests may adversely affect their validity and enforceability.
The Issuer's obligations under the Senior Secured Notes will be guaranteed by, and secured on a firstpriority basis by certain assets of, the Guarantors and the ordinary shares, common stock or similar common equity interests (other than for directors' qualifying shares and equity interests of a similar nature) in each of the Guarantors (other than the Parent) as well as Norske Skog Walsum GmbH and Lysaker Invest AS. The Senior Secured Notes, the Guarantees and the Security Interests may be subject to claims that they should be limited or subordinated in favor of our existing and future creditors under the laws of their jurisdiction of organization, including Australia, Austria, France, Germany, Norway, New Zealand or other applicable jurisdictions. Enforcement of each Guarantee and any relevant Security Interest will be limited to the extent of the amount which can be guaranteed or secured by a particular
40
Guarantor without rendering the Guarantee or Security Interest voidable or otherwise ineffective under applicable law. In addition, enforcement of any of the Guarantees and the Security Interest against any Guarantor will be subject to certain defenses available to Guarantors and security providers generally. These laws and defenses include those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, insolvency, voidable preferences, financial assistance, corporate purpose or benefit, preservation of share capital, thin capitalization and defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally. Moreover, limitations arise under various provisions or principles of corporate law under the laws of certain of the jurisdictions in which the Guarantors are organized which include rules governing capital maintenance under which, among others, the risks associated with a Guarantee on account of a parent company's debt need to be reasonable and economically and operationally justified from the guarantor's or grantor's perspective, as well as thin capitalization and fraudulent transfer principles. If these limitations are not observed, the Guarantees by these Guarantors could be subject to legal challenge. In these jurisdictions, the Guarantees will contain language limiting the amount of debt guaranteed so that applicable local law restrictions will not be violated. No assurance can be given that such limiting language will be accepted by a court of law in the jurisdictions of the relevant Guarantor. Accordingly, if you were to enforce the Guarantees by a Guarantor in one of these jurisdictions, your claims are likely to be limited.
Although laws differ among various jurisdictions, in general, under fraudulent conveyance and similar laws, a court could subordinate or void any Guarantee or the Security Interest provided by such Guarantor if it found that:
