In 2013, Norske Skog entered into a contract with Fram Eiendom (Fram Realinvest AS, Sjølyststranda Næring AS, Fram Eiendomsdrift AS and Skøyen Næringsbygg a S) for the lease of its head office at Skøyen. Torstein I. Tvenge, together with close family members, controls 100% of Fram Eiendom. Tvenge is also a shareholder of Norske Skogindustrier ASA. The lease contract for the head office has been entered into on normal commercial terms. Lease payments to Fram Eiendom recognised as an expense in 2014 amounted to NOK 4.1 million.
None of the board members receives remuneration for their work for the company from any source other than the company itself.
27. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
On 22 January 2015, Norske Skog launched two separate offers (i) an offering of EUR 290 million (EUR 179 million) Senior Secured Notes (SSN) due December 2019 to achieve a broader refinancing and debt extension of the group's capital structure and (ii) an exchange offer of existing notes.
On 24 February 2015, Norske Skog completed the refinancing of a portion of its bond maturities through the issuance of EUR 290 million senior secured notes (SSN) and the exchange of existing bonds into new bonds with longer maturities. Norske Skog has extended the maturities on a significant portion of its indebtedness, with new notes maturing in 2019, 2021 and 2023. The new EUR 290 million s Sn mature in December 2019 and will be structurally senior to all remaining existing notes and notes issued in the exchange offer. The SSN is secured by among other things share pledge in operating subsidiaries, new intermediate holding companies, and in addition asset pledge in the Australasian business. The terms of the SSN include customary default and cross default terms, and the pool of security can be enforced upon in a continuing default scenario under the SSNs. The exchange notes will be structurally junior to the SSN, but structurally senior to remaining existing notes and mature in 2021 and 2023. The remaining existing notes will be structurally junior to the SSN and exchange notes.
More than 75% of the existing bond holders consented to the transactions, and approximately 45% of the existing bonds participated in the exchange offer. Immediate de-leveraging of around NOK 500 million was realized in the refinancing. This leads to a significant improvement in the group's total liquidity, despite a short-term increase in the cost of borrowings.
In January, prior to the offering of the SSN and the exchange offer, several changes in the Norske Skog corporate structure were made. Norske Skog AS was established as the issuer of the SSN, while Norske Skog Holding AS was established as the offeror of the exchange notes.
The chair of the board at Norske Skogindustrier ASA Jarle Roth has informed the election committee that he is not a candidate for re-election as chair. The election committee unanimously proposes that Jon-Aksel Torgersen take over as new chair at the annual general meeting on 16 April 2015. Jon-Aksel Torgersen has been director of the board since 2012, and has extensive management and board experience from Norwegian and international industry, shipping and finance.
There have been no other events after the balance sheet date with significant impact on the financial statements for 2014.
