Guarantor without rendering the Guarantee or Security Interest voidable or otherwise ineffective under applicable law. In addition, enforcement of any of the Guarantees and the Security Interest against any Guarantor will be subject to certain defenses available to Guarantors and security providers generally. These laws and defenses include those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, insolvency, voidable preferences, financial assistance, corporate purpose or benefit, preservation of share capital, thin capitalization and defenses affecting the rights of creditors generally. Moreover, limitations arise under various provisions or principles of corporate law under the laws of certain of the jurisdictions in which the Guarantors are organized which include rules governing capital maintenance under which, among others, the risks associated with a Guarantee on account of a parent company's debt need to be reasonable and economically and operationally justified from the guarantor's or grantor's perspective, as well as thin capitalization and fraudulent transfer principles. If these limitations are not observed, the Guarantees by these Guarantors could be subject to legal challenge. In these jurisdictions, the Guarantees will contain language limiting the amount of debt guaranteed so that applicable local law restrictions will not be violated. No assurance can be given that such limiting language will be accepted by a court of law in the jurisdictions of the relevant Guarantor. Accordingly, if you were to enforce the Guarantees by a Guarantor in one of these jurisdictions, your claims are likely to be limited.
 the Guarantee was incurred or the Security Interest was created with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud creditors or shareholders of the Guarantor;
 the Guarantor did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value for the Guarantee or Security Interest;
 the Guarantor was insolvent or was rendered insolvent because of the Guarantee or Security Interest; or the Guarantor becomes insolvent within a specified ``hardening period'' following the issue of the Senior Secured Notes;
 the Guarantor was undercapitalized or became undercapitalized because of the Guarantee or Security Interest;
 the Guarantor intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay at maturity;
 the Guarantee or the Security Interest was not in the best interests or for the benefit of the Guarantor; or
 the amount paid or payable under the Guarantee or realized from the Security Interest was in excess of the maximum amount permitted by law.
The measure of insolvency for purposes of fraudulent conveyance and similar laws varies depending on the law applied. Generally, however, a Guarantor would be considered insolvent if it could not pay its debts as they became due. In such circumstances, if a court voided such Guarantee or Security Interest, or held it unenforceable, you would cease to have any claim in respect of the Guarantor and would be a creditor solely of the Issuer and the remaining Guarantors. You could also be required to return payments previously received from any such Guarantor. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and the Security Interests" .
