· the amount paid or payable under the Guarantee or realized from the Security Interest was in excess of the maximum amount permitted by law.
Enforcement of the Senior Secured Notes and the Security Interests across multiple jurisdictions may be difficult.
The Senior Secured Notes will be issued by the Issuer, which is incorporated under the laws of Norway, and guaranteed by the Guarantors, which are organized or incorporated under the laws of multiple jurisdictions. In the event of insolvency or a similar event, proceedings could be initiated in any of these jurisdictions and in the jurisdiction of organization of a future Guarantor. The rights under the Guarantees and the Collateral will thus be subject to the laws of a number of jurisdictions, and it may be difficult to effectively enforce such rights in multiple bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar proceedings. Moreover, such multi-jurisdictional proceedings are typically complex and costly for creditors and often result in substantial uncertainty and delay in the enforcement of creditors' rights. In addition, the bankruptcy, insolvency, administration and other laws of the jurisdiction of organization of the Issuer and the Guarantors may be materially different from, or in conflict with, one another, including creditors'
41
rights, priority of creditors, the ability to obtain post-petition interest and the duration of the insolvency proceeding. The application of these various laws in multiple jurisdictions could trigger disputes over which jurisdictions' law should apply and could adversely affect the ability to enforce the Security Interests and to realize any recovery under the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees. See ``Service of Process and Enforcement of Certain Liabilities" .
Although the occurrence of specific change of control events affecting the Parent will permit you to require us to repurchase your Notes, we may not be able to repurchase your Notes.
Upon the occurrence of specific change of control events affecting the Parent, you will have the right to require us to repurchase your Notes at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Our ability to repurchase your Notes upon such a change of control event would be limited by our access to funds at the time of the repurchase and the terms of our debt agreements, which agreements could restrict or prohibit such a repurchase. Upon a change of control event, we may be required immediately to repay the outstanding principal, any accrued interest on and any other amounts owed by us under one or more of our credit facilities or offer to repurchase other notes that we have issued. The source of funds for these repayments would be our available cash or cash generated from other sources. However, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient funds available upon a change of control to make these repayments and any required repurchases of tendered notes. See "-- We have a substantial amount of indebtedness maturing in 2015, 2016 and 2017 and we may not have adequate liquidity to satisfy our debt obligations as they become due''.
You may not be able to sell your Notes.
There is no existing market for the Notes. No application will be made to list the Temporary Notes or admit them for trading on any stock exchange. Although we will apply to list the Senior Secured Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the Senior Secured Notes admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, we cannot assure you that the Notes will remain listed. The Initial Purchasers of the Notes have informed us that they intend to make a market in the Notes after completing this Offering. However, the Initial Purchasers are not obligated to make a market in the Notes and may cease market making at any time. In addition, changes in the overall market for high yield securities and changes in our financial performance or in the markets where we operate may adversely affect the liquidity of the trading market in these Notes and the market price quoted for these Notes. As a result, we cannot assure you that an active trading market will actually develop for these Notes.
