You may not be able to sell your Notes.
Historically, the markets for non-investment grade debt such as the Notes have been subject to disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in their prices. The market, if any, for the Notes may be subject to similar disruptions. Any disruptions may have an adverse effect on the holders of the Notes.
The transfer of Notes is restricted.
The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any jurisdiction and unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable laws. See ``Notice to U.S. Investors" and ``Transfer Restrictions" .
The interests of our shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests of holders of the Notes.
The interests of our various shareholders could conflict with the interests of the holders of the Notes, particularly if we encounter financial difficulties or are unable to pay our debts when due. Our shareholders could cause us to pursue acquisitions, divestitures, financings, dividend distributions or other transactions (subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture) that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, although such transactions might involve risks to holders of the Notes. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that our shareholders will not sell all or any part of their respective shareholdings at any time or that they will not look to reduce their holding by means of a sale to a strategic investor, an equity offering or otherwise. Such divestitures may trigger a change of control under the Indenture. See ``--Risks Related to the Notes and the Guarantees--Although the occurrence of specific change o f control events affecting the Parent will permit you to require us to repurchase your Notes, we may not be able to repurchase your Notes" .
42
Investors may face foreign exchange risks by investing in the Notes.
The Notes will be denominated and payable in Euros. If investors measure their investment returns by reference to a currency other than Euros, an investment in the Notes will entail foreign exchange related risks due to, among other factors, possible significant changes in the value of Euros relative to the currency by reference to which such investors measure the return on their investments. These changes may be due to economic, political and other factors over which we have no control. The depreciation of the Euro against the currency by reference to which such investors measure the return on their investments could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Notes below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss to investors when the return on the Notes is translated into the currency by reference to which such investors measure the return on their investments. Investments in the Notes denominated in a currency other than United States dollars by United States investors may also result in important tax consequences as a result of foreign exchange gains or losses, if any. See ``Tax Considerations-- Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations' and ``--Risk Related to Taxation" .
