Investors may face foreign exchange risks by investing in the Notes.
You may not be able to recover in civil proceedings for U.S. securities law violations.
The Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer and all of the Guarantors are companies incorporated outside the United States. All of the directors and executive officers of the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer and the Guarantors are non-residents of the United States. Although the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer and the Guarantors have submitted to the jurisdiction of certain New York courts in connection with any action under U.S. securities laws, you may be unable to effect service of process within the United States on the directors and executive officers of the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer or the Guarantors. In addition, as most of the assets of the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer and the Guarantors and those of their respective directors and executive officers are located outside of the United States, you may be unable to enforce against them judgments obtained in the U.S. courts predicated upon civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. Furthermore, we have been informed that it is questionable whether a court in Austria, Australia or the other home jurisdictions of the Issuer or the Guarantors located outside the United States would accept jurisdiction and impose civil liability if proceedings were commenced in such court predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws.
Among other countries, the United States, Austria and Australia do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for payment of money rendered by a federal or state court in the United States based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws, may not be enforceable, either in whole or in part, in Austria or Australia or other jurisdictions.
Australian, Austrian, French, German, Luxembourg, Norwegian and New Zealand insolvency laws and the laws of other jurisdictions may provide you with less protection than U.S. bankruptcy law.
In the event that any one or more of the Issuer, the Guarantors, any future Guarantors, if any, or any other of the subsidiaries experienced financial difficulty, it is not possible to predict with certainty in which jurisdiction or jurisdictions insolvency or similar proceedings would be commenced, or the outcome of such proceedings. The insolvency and other laws of different jurisdictions may be materially different from, or in conflict with, each other, including in the areas of rights of secured and other creditors, the ability to void preferential transfers, preferences, transactions at an undervalue and transactions defrauding creditors, the validity of certain floating charges, priority of governmental and other creditors, ability to obtain or claim interest following the commencement of insolvency proceedings and the duration of the proceedings. The application of these laws, or any conflict among them, could call into question whether any particular jurisdiction's laws should apply, adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights under the Guarantees or the Collateral in these jurisdictions and limit any amounts that you may receive.
Risks Related to the Collateral
The Senior Secured Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value of the assets that have been granted as security for the Senior Secured Notes.
If there is an event of default on the Senior Secured Notes, the holders of the Senior Secured Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value of the assets underlying their Security Interest. Not all of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' assets secure the Senior Secured Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantors will not be required to take action to perfect all liens on assets which do secure the Senior Secured
