The Senior Secured Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value of the assets that have been granted as security for the Senior Secured Notes.
43
Notes. In particular, the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees are not secured by the property and assets of our paper mills in Austria, France, Germany or Norway. In addition, the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees will not be secured by certain receivables or related proceeds under our existing and future factoring and securitization programs. In the future, the obligations to provide additional Guarantees and grant additional Security Interests over assets, or a particular type or class of assets, whether as a result of the acquisition or creation of future assets or subsidiaries, the designation of an unrestricted subsidiary as a restricted subsidiary or otherwise, is subject to certain agreed security principles (the ``Agreed Security Principles''). The Agreed Security Principles set forth in the Indenture set out a number of limitations on the rights of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes to be granted a Security Interest in certain circumstances. The operation of the Agreed Security Principles may result in, among other things, the amount recoverable under any Collateral provided being limited or a Security Interest not being granted over a particular type or class of assets. Accordingly, the Agreed Security Principles may affect the value of the Security Interest provided by the Issuer and the Guarantors. To the extent that the claims of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes exceed the value of the assets securing those Senior Secured Notes and other obligations, those claims will rank equally with the claims of the holders of all other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness ranking pari passu with the Senior Secured Notes. As a result, if the value of the assets pledged as security for the Senior Secured Notes is less than the value of the claims of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes, those claims may not be satisfied in full before the claims of certain unsecured creditors are paid. Furthermore, upon enforcement against any Collateral, under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the claims of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes to the proceeds of such enforcement may rank junior to the claims of hedge counterparties in respect of certain ``priority'' hedging agreements and the claims of creditors of certain ``super senior'' secured indebtedness, in each case, to the extent permitted to be incurred under the Group's financing agreements (including the Indenture) or pari passu with the claims of the creditors of certain other indebtedness secured by the Collateral. In such instances, holders of the Senior Secured Notes will receive less from the proceeds of the Collateral in an enforcement action than if they were not required to share proceeds.
The Existing Notes are structurally subordinated to the Senior Secured Notes, the Exchange Notes and all of the creditors of any of the Parent's non-Guarantor subsidiaries.
While the Exchange Notes are guaranteed by certain of the subsidiaries of the Issuer, the Existing Notes will not be guaranteed by any subsidiaries of the Parent. Such non-Guarantor subsidiaries will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amount due pursuant to the Existing Notes or to make any funds available therefor, whether by dividends, loans, distributions or other payments. As a result, the Existing Notes will be structurally subordinated to the claims of creditors of any such subsidiaries, including the subsidiaries that Guarantee the Exchange Notes and the Senior Secured Notes, in addition to the Senior Secured Notes and the Exchange Notes. All obligations of the Parent's subsidiaries, including trade payables and the Guarantees of the Exchange Notes and the Senior Secured Notes, will have to be satisfied before any of the assets of such subsidiaries would be available for distribution, upon a liquidation or otherwise, to the Parent.
The effects of the Senior Secured Notes offering and the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations on the Existing Notes could materially and adversely affect the credit risk inherent in, and significantly reduce protections afforded in, Existing Notes not validly tendered and accepted pursuant to the Exchange Offers.
Any Existing Notes not validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offers will remain outstanding. While there is no minimum acceptance condition for the Exchange Offers, if the required threshold for the applicable Consent Solicitation in respect of a series of Existing Notes is attained, the Proposals in respect of such series of Existing Notes will become operative, and Holders of the applicable Existing Notes that are not tendered and accepted pursuant to the Exchange Offers will be subject to the terms of the Existing Notes as modified notwithstanding the fact that they did not deliver consents. If the Proposals in respect of a series of Existing Notes become operative, depending on the series, some or substantially all of the restrictive covenants and (if applicable) the related events of default will be eliminated. As a result, non-tendering Holders will no longer be entitled to the benefit of such provisions, which existed for the protection and benefit of Holders of the Existing Notes. The Existing Notes Indenture and Agency Agreements, as so amended, will continue to govern the terms of all Existing Notes that remain outstanding after the consummation of the Exchange Offers. Accordingly, we and our subsidiaries may take certain actions in the future previously prohibited under the Existing Notes that
44
could adversely affect the market prices of the Existing Notes and otherwise increase the risks related to your investment in the Existing Notes. See ``The Proposals" .
