The Collateral will include a Security Interest in all intercompany loans and receivables (excluding receivables relating to the Parent Guarantor's cash pooling arrangements) owed to the Parent Guarantors and any Excluded Entity as lenders or obligees, by the Issuer or any of the restricted subsidiaries of the Issuer. The Intercreditor Agreement will also provide that the obligations under these loans shall be released in the event of an enforcement against the Collateral. However, the release of these intercompany loans may be limited by challenges or other claims on the grounds that such intercompany loans should be limited, subordinated or voided in favor of third-party creditors of the lenders of such loans under applicable law. For example, the intercompany loans could be challenged
because the loans are between related parties, were not made for adequate consideration or should be treated as a preference to the extent that the lender is deemed to be insolvent.
If an event of default occurs and the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes are accelerated, the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees will rank equally with the creditors of other unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer or relevant Guarantor with respect to any property or assets that are excluded from the Collateral.
The Senior Secured Notes will be secured on a pari passu basis by first-priority Security Interests and subject to Permitted Collateral Liens (as defined below). The Senior Secured Notes will be effectively subordinated in right of payment from the proceeds of enforcement of the Collateral to certain ``priority'' hedging obligations and certain other ``super senior'' secured indebtedness, in each case, to the extent permitted to be incurred under the Group's financing arrangements. The Indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes will permit us to incur additional indebtedness secured by a lien that ranks equally with the Senior Secured Notes. Any such indebtedness may further limit the recovery from the realization of the value of such Collateral available to satisfy the claims of holders of the Senior Secured Notes. The creditors of other indebtedness secured or to be secured (or deemed to be so secured pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) over the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Senior Secured Notes will be entitled to be paid out of the proceeds of the Collateral upon a security enforcement action on a pari passu basis with holders of the Senior Secured Notes.
There may not be sufficient Collateral to repay the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and any additional indebtedness that would be secured on the same basis as the Senior Secured Notes offered hereby. In addition, liquidating the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes may not result in proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due under the Senior Secured Notes after also satisfying the obligations to pay any creditors with pari passu liens. If the proceeds of any sale of Collateral are not sufficient to repay all amounts due on the Senior Secured Notes, the holders of the Senior Secured Notes (to the extent not repaired from the proceeds of the sale of the Collateral) would have only a senior unsecured, unsubordinated claim against the Issuer's and the Guarantors' remaining assets.
The Security Interests in the Collateral will not be granted directly to the holders of the Senior Secured Notes.
The Security Interests in the Collateral that will secure the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Secured Notes and the obligations of the Guarantors under the Guarantees will not be granted directly to the holders of the Senior Secured Notes but will be granted only in favor of the Security Agent for the first-lien obligations, including the Senior Secured Notes, and any future first-lien obligations permitted to be secured by the Collateral under the Indenture. The Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement will provide that only the Security Agent has the right to enforce the security documents. As a consequence, holders of the Senior Secured Notes will not have direct Security Interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the Collateral securing the Senior Secured Notes, except through the Trustee for the Senior Secured Notes, who will provide instructions to the Security Agent for the Collateral.
In certain jurisdictions in which Security Interests are being provided in favor of the Senior Secured Notes, including Austria, France and Germany, due to the laws and jurisprudence governing the creation and perfection of security interests and enforceability of such security interests, the relevant security documents and/or the Intercreditor Agreement will provide for the creation of ``parallel debt'' obligations in favor of the Security Agent, and the Security Interests in such jurisdictions will secure the parallel debt only, and may not directly secure the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and the other indebtedness secured by the Collateral. The parallel debt construct has not been tested in court in certain of these jurisdictions and to the extent that the Security Interests in the Collateral created under the parallel debt construct are successfully challenged by other parties, holders of the Senior Secured Notes will not receive any proceeds from an enforcement of the Security Interests in the Collateral. See ``Limitations on Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees and the Security Interests" .
The Issuer and the Guarantors will have control over the Collateral, and the sale ofparticular assets could reduce the pool of assets securing the Senior Secured Notes.
