viii
ix
INDUSTRY AND MARKET INFORMATION The information contained in ``Exchange Rates'', ``Summary'', ``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" , ``Industry and Market Overview" and ``Business" includes extracts from information and data, including industry and market data and estimates from publicly available resources and industry and market consultants. Although we believe such sources to be reliable and we accept responsibility for the accurate extraction and reproduction of such information and data, neither we nor the Initial Purchasers have independently verified the accuracy of such information and data and neither we nor the Initial Purchasers accept further responsibility in respect thereof. In particular, information and data contained in these listing particulars relating to the publication paper industry and certain economic measures have been extracted or derived from reports, presentations or other sources produced by, among others, the Pulp and Paper Products Council (" PPPC" ) and Resource Information System, Inc. (" RISI"). The accuracy of such information is subject to the availability and reliability of the data supporting such information and neither the published information nor the underlying data has been independently verified by us. In addition, the methodology of each of PPPC and RISI and of other industry sources for collecting, analyzing and presenting information and data, and therefore the reported information, may differ from that used by us to compile data relating to our operations and from the methodologies employed by other industry consultants and participants. Each of PPPC and RISI and other industry sources may use certain information and data that is not `accurate and may use certain assumptions in the preparation of their reported information, and such assumptions could prove to be inaccurate. No assurance can be given that the third party information used in these listing particulars reflects all relevant events and transactions occurring in the relevant publication paper market. Neither PPPC nor RISI has made any representation, express or implied, and neither has accepted any responsibility with respect to, the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained in these listing particulars. Furthermore, certain data have been derived or extracted from our own internal estimates.
x
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Financial Data
These listing particulars includes the audited consolidated financial information of the Parent as of and for the years ended December 31,2011,2012, 2013 and 2014 (together, the ``Audited Consolidated Financial Statements''). These listing particulars also includes the unaudited condensed consolidated financial information of the Parent as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 (with September 30, 2013 comparative financial information) (the ``Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements'' and, together with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, the ``Consolidated Financial Statements''). For purposes of these listing particulars, references to ``our'' financial information or results of operations refer to the financial information or results of operations of the Parent.
The Consolidated Financial Statements included in these listing particulars have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (``IFRS'') as adopted by the European Union and are presented in Norwegian kroner. The Parent is the holding company of the Group and will provide a senior Guarantee of the Notes. The Parent's shares are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ``NSG''. Under the reporting covenant for the Notes, the Parent will be the reporting entity for the Group. See ``Description of the Senior Secured Notes-- Certain Covenants-- Reports" .
The Senior Secured Notes Issuer was formed on November 18, 2014 and the Exchange Notes Issuer was formed on November 5, 2014 for the purpose of facilitating this Offering, the Escrow Release, the Proposed Exchange Offers and the Proposed Consent Solicitations (collectively, the ``Transactions''). The Exchange Notes Issuer is the direct subsidiary of Norske Treindustrier AS, which is the direct subsidiary of the Parent. The Senior Secured Notes Issuer is the direct subsidiary of the Exchange Notes Issuer. The Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the Exchange Notes Issuer will have no revenue generating or operating assets of their own, other than, in the case of the Exchange Notes Issuer, the ownership of the shares of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, and in the case of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the ownership of the shares of its subsidiaries. We have not prepared, and do not present in these listing particulars, consolidated or unconsolidated financial statements for the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or the Exchange Notes Issuer. See ``Summary--Summary Corporate Structure and Financing". The results of operations and financial condition of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and of the Exchange Notes Issuer may differ from the results of operations and the financial condition of the Parent, including without limitation, due to the impact of results of certain operating subsidiaries of the Parent that are not consolidated subsidiaries of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or of the Exchange Notes Issuer.
