The enforcement of share pledges may not be successful if the entities in which the shares are pledged are subject to existing agreements limiting their ability to make dividends to new shareholders (such as profit and loss pooling agreements) or limiting the control over such entity (such as domination agreements). The laws of certain jurisdictions do not generally permit an appropriation of pledged assets by the pledgee upon the occurrence of an enforcement event and usually require the sale of the relevant collateral through a formal disposal process involving a public auction. Certain waiting periods and notice requirements may apply to such disposal process.
The Collateral is subject to casualty risks.
We intend to continue to maintain insurance or otherwise insure against hazards in the manner described in these listing particulars. There are, however, certain losses that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, in whole or in part. Insurance proceeds may not compensate us fully for our losses. If there is a complete or partial loss of any of the Collateral, the insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to satisfy all of the secured obligations, including the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees. In addition, even if there is sufficient insurance coverage, if there is a total or partial loss of certain Collateral, there may be significant delays in obtaining replacement Collateral.
The rights of holders in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the Security Interests in Collateral not being perfected or being junior Security Interests.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law requires that a security interest in certain tangible and intangible assets can only be properly perfected and its priority retained through certain actions undertaken by the secured party and/or the grantor of the Security Interest, such as filings, registration or the publication of notices. The Security Interests in the Collateral may not be perfected, and their priority may not be retained, with respect to the obligations under the Senior Secured Notes, if the Security Agent and/or the grantor of the Security Interest does not take the actions necessary to perfect any of the Security Interests on, or prior to, the date that the security is granted or as otherwise required by the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. In particular, certain real property in New Zealand that includes our Tasman mill is subject to a caveat that prevents registration of the first-lien security interest granted in favor of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes until the caveat is removed following the conclusion of negotiations of a lease agreement in respect of certain third-party facilities on the property (which registration will be undertaken promptly after such conclusion thereof). In addition, applicable law in some jurisdictions requires that certain property and rights acquired after the grant of a general security interest, such as real property, equipment subject to a certificate and certain proceeds, can only be perfected at the time such property and rights are acquired and identified.
You will not have a perfected Security Interest in certain of the Collateral on the Issue Date.
Until up to 90 days following the Issue Date, you will not have a perfected Security Interest in certain of the Collateral securing the Issuer and the Guarantors' obligations under the Senior Secured Notes.
Subject to certain Agreed Security Principles, we will be required under the Indenture to perfect security over the Australian Guarantors' real property Collateral within 90 days following the Issue Date. See ` `D e s c r ip tio n o f th e S e n io r S e c u r e d N o te s --S e c u r ity ". Failure to comply with these obligations would constitute a default under the Indenture.
49
