Subject to certain Agreed Security Principles, we will be required under the Indenture to perfect security over the Australian Guarantors' real property Collateral within 90 days following the Issue Date. See ` `D e s c r ip tio n o f th e S e n io r S e c u r e d N o te s --S e c u r ity ". Failure to comply with these obligations would constitute a default under the Indenture.
Any issues that we are not able to resolve in connection with the delivery of Collateral may negatively impact the value of the Collateral.
Existing mortgages or other rights, including grants to local governments or third parties and certain water rights, may become enforceable and may impact the value of the Collateral.
The Issuer and the Guarantors have limited obligations to perfect some of the Security Interests in the Collateral. There can be no assurance that the Trustee or the Security Agent for the Senior Secured Notes will monitor, or that the Issuer or Guarantors will inform the Trustee or Security Agent of, the future acquisition of property and rights that constitute Collateral, and that the necessary action will be taken to properly perfect the Security Interest in such after-acquired Collateral. The Trustee and the Security Agent have no obligation to monitor the acquisition of additional property or rights that constitute Collateral or the perfection of any Security Interest. Such failure may result in the loss of the Security Interest in the Collateral or the priority of the Security Interest in favor of the Senior Secured Notes against third parties.
The grant of Collateral to secure the Senior Secured Notes or the contractual subordination of the claims of certain of our creditors might be challenged or voidable in an insolvency proceeding.
The grant of Collateral and the contractual subordination of certain claims in favor of the Security Agent under the Intercreditor Agreement may be voidable by the grantor or by an insolvency trustee, liquidator, receiver or administrator or by other creditors, or may be otherwise set aside by a court if certain events or circumstances exist or occur, including, among others, if the grantor is deemed to be insolvent at the time of the grant, or if the grant or contractual subordination permits certain parties to receive a greater recovery than if the grant or contractual subordination had not been given and an insolvency proceeding in respect of the grantor is commenced within a legally specified ``clawback'' period following the grant. See ``L im ita tio n s o n V a lid ity a n d E n fo r c e a b ility o f th e G u a ra n te e s a n d th e S e c u r ity In te r e s ts " .
Creditors under certain hedging obligations permitted to be incurred under the indenture will be entitled to be repaid with the proceeds of the Collateral sold in any enforcement sale in priority to the Senior Secured Notes.
The Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by the same Collateral securing the obligations under certain hedging obligations that we may enter into in the future. Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Indenture, the liabilities under certain hedging obligations may have priority over any amounts received from the sale of the Collateral pursuant to an enforcement action taken with respect to the Collateral. As such, proceeds from enforcement sales of capital stock and other assets that are part of the Collateral must first be applied in satisfaction of obligations under such ``priority'' hedging obligations (and certain other ``super senior'' indebtedness to the extent permitted to be incurred under the Group's financing arrangements) and thereafter to repay on a p a r i p a s s u basis the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees and certain other p a r i p a s s u indebtedness of the Issuer and the Guarantors permitted to be incurred and secured by the Collateral pursuant to the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement. Accordingly, you may not be able to recover on the Collateral if in the event of any realization or enforcement of the Collateral the then outstanding claims under certain ``priority'' hedging obligations (and certain ``super senior'' indebtedness) are greater than the proceeds realized, and if there are any remaining proceeds following repayment of certain ``priority'' hedging obligations (and certain ``super senior'' indebtedness) in full, such proceeds shall be shared pro rata and p a r i p a s s u between the holders of the Senior Secured Notes and certain other p a r i p a s s u creditors.
Under the intercreditor Agreement, the holders of the Senior Secured Notes will be required to share recovery proceeds with other secured creditors, have limited ability to enforce the security documents and have agreed that the Collateral may be released in certain circumstances without their consent.
