The Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by the same Collateral securing the obligations under certain hedging obligations that we may enter into in the future. Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Indenture, the liabilities under certain hedging obligations may have priority over any amounts received from the sale of the Collateral pursuant to an enforcement action taken with respect to the Collateral. As such, proceeds from enforcement sales of capital stock and other assets that are part of the Collateral must first be applied in satisfaction of obligations under such ``priority'' hedging obligations (and certain other ``super senior'' indebtedness to the extent permitted to be incurred under the Group's financing arrangements) and thereafter to repay on a p a r i p a s s u basis the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under the Senior Secured Notes and the Guarantees and certain other p a r i p a s s u indebtedness of the Issuer and the Guarantors permitted to be incurred and secured by the Collateral pursuant to the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement. Accordingly, you may not be able to recover on the Collateral if in the event of any realization or enforcement of the Collateral the then outstanding claims under certain ``priority'' hedging obligations (and certain ``super senior'' indebtedness) are greater than the proceeds realized, and if there are any remaining proceeds following repayment of certain ``priority'' hedging obligations (and certain ``super senior'' indebtedness) in full, such proceeds shall be shared pro rata and p a r i p a s s u between the holders of the Senior Secured Notes and certain other p a r i p a s s u creditors.
Creditors of future indebtedness secured by the Collateral will each accede to the Intercreditor Agreement with, among others, the agents and representatives of the other indebtedness secured by the Collateral. Other creditors may become parties to the Intercreditor Agreement in the future. Among other things, the Intercreditor Agreement governs the enforcement of the security documents, the sharing in any recoveries from such enforcement and the release of the Collateral by the Security Agent.
50
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that the Security Agent may release the Collateral in connection with sales of assets pursuant to a permitted disposal or enforcement sale and in other circumstances permitted by the relevant financing documents. Therefore, the Collateral available to secure the Senior Secured Notes could be reduced in connection with the sales of assets or otherwise, subject to the requirements of the financing documents and the Indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes.
Moreover, the enforcement of the Security Interests in respect of our Austrian subsidiary may be limited if a court-appointed trustee (K u ra to r) is appointed under Austrian law. Following the appointment of such court-appointed trustee, neither the trustee for the Senior Secured Notes nor individual Senior Secured Noteholders will have the power to instruct the Security Agent to enforce the Senior Secured Noteholders' collective rights under the Senior Secured Notes. No assurance can be given that such court-appointed trustee will exercise its powers in accordance with the best interests of the Senior Secured Noteholders. In addition, the Noteholders will not be able to direct the actions taken on their behalf by the court-appointed trustee.
Risks Related to Taxation
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax under the Savings Directive on the taxation of savings income.
Under EC Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments (the ``Savings Directive''), each member state of the European Union (a ``Member State'') is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a paying agent (within the meaning of the Savings Directive) located within its jurisdiction to, or for the benefit of, an individual resident or certain limited types of entities established in that other Member State. However, for a transitional period, Austria and Luxembourg will instead apply a withholding system in relation to such payments unless during such period they elect otherwise, deducting tax at a rate of 35% (subject to a procedure whereby, on meeting certain conditions, the beneficial owner of the interest or other income may request that no tax be withheld). The transitional period is to terminate at the end of the first full financial year following agreement by certain non-European Union (``EU'') countries to the exchange of information relating to such payments. Further to Law of November 25, 2014, as of January 1,2015, and within the scope of the Savings Directive, the automatic exchange of information for all interest and interest-assimilated payments made or ascribed by a Luxembourg paying agent to or for the immediate benefit of individuals resident and so-called residual entities established in another Member State will replace the 35% withholding tax.
A number of non-EU countries have adopted similar measures (either provision of information or transitional withholding) in relation to payments made by a person within its jurisdiction to, or for the benefit of, an individual resident or certain limited types of entities established in a Member State. In addition, the Member States have entered into provision of information or transitional withholding arrangements with certain of those dependent or associated territories in relation to payments made by a person in a Member State to, or collected by such a person for, an individual resident or certain limited types of entities established in one of those territories.
