Under EC Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments (the ``Savings Directive''), each member state of the European Union (a ``Member State'') is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a paying agent (within the meaning of the Savings Directive) located within its jurisdiction to, or for the benefit of, an individual resident or certain limited types of entities established in that other Member State. However, for a transitional period, Austria and Luxembourg will instead apply a withholding system in relation to such payments unless during such period they elect otherwise, deducting tax at a rate of 35% (subject to a procedure whereby, on meeting certain conditions, the beneficial owner of the interest or other income may request that no tax be withheld). The transitional period is to terminate at the end of the first full financial year following agreement by certain non-European Union (``EU'') countries to the exchange of information relating to such payments. Further to Law of November 25, 2014, as of January 1,2015, and within the scope of the Savings Directive, the automatic exchange of information for all interest and interest-assimilated payments made or ascribed by a Luxembourg paying agent to or for the immediate benefit of individuals resident and so-called residual entities established in another Member State will replace the 35% withholding tax.
The EU Council adopted certain changes to the Savings Directive on March 24, 2014. Members States have until January 1,2016 to adopt national laws to implement these changes (which laws must then be applied from January 1, 2017). The changes, when implemented, will broaden the scope of the requirements described above. Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.
If a payment to an individual were to be made or collected through an EU Member State which has opted for a withholding system and an amount of, or in respect of, tax were to be withheld from that payment pursuant to the Savings Directive or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 26 and 27 November 2000 on the taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to the Savings Directive, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person would be obliged to pay additional amounts with respect to any Note as a result of the imposition of such withholding tax. The Issuer is required to maintain a paying agent with a specified office in an Member State that is not obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the Savings Directive or any other directives implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of November 26 and 27, 2000 on the taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying with or introduced in order to conform to the Savings Directive or any agreement entered into by a new EU Member State with (i) any other state or (ii) any relevant dependent
51
or associated territory of any EU Member State providing for measures equivalent to or the same as those provided by the Directive. The Notes may be treated as issued with OID for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Notes may be treated as issued with OID for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. investors in the Notes will generally be required to include OID in their gross income as it accrues in advance of the receipt of cash payments attributable to such income using the constant yield method if the Notes are treated as issued with OID for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See `` Tax C o n s id e ra tio n s -- C e rta in U.S. F e d e ra l In c o m e Tax C o n s id e ra tio n s -- O rig in a l Issu e D is c o u n t".
52
USE OF PROCEEDS The net proceeds from the Offering were 277.8 million. We will use the proceeds to address a portion of the short-term and medium-term maturities of the Parent's Existing Notes, for working capital purposes and to pay the fees and expenses associated with the Transactions. The Existing Notes mature in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2033. We did not receive any cash proceeds from the Exchange Offers.
53
CAPITALIZATION
