b) Change in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
F-100
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary, is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.
c) Disposal of subsidiaries When the group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.
d) Associates Associates are all entities over which the group exercises significant influence but not control, generally accompanying a shareholding of 20% to 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The investment is initially recognised at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognise the investor's share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. The group's share of post acquisition profit or loss is recognised in the income statement as Share of profit in associated companies and is assigned to the carrying value of the investment, together with the group's share of other comprehensive income in the associated company. When the group's share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other unsecured receivables, the group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate. Profits and losses resulting from transactions between the group and its associates are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of unrelated investors' interests in the associates. At each reporting date, the group determines whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value, and recognises the amount as Share of profit in associated companies. Dilution gains and losses arising in investments in associates are recognised in the income statement. If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.
Segment reporting Reportable segments The activities in the group are divided into two operating segments: newsprint and magazine paper. The newsprint segment is further segregated into two geographical regions, newsprint Europe and newsprint outside of Europe. The segment structure is in line with the group operating model implemented in 2011. The operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources, making strategic decisions and assessing performance of the group's mills, has been identified as corporate management. The mills have a direct reporting line to corporate management.
F-101
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
