c) Computer software
Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets which have an indefinite useful life, for example goodwill, are not subject to amortisation, but are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable (cash-generating units). At each balance sheet date, the possibility of reversing impairment losses in prior periods is evaluated (except for goodwill).
Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held for sale
Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as assets held for sale when their carrying amount is to be recovered principally through a sale transaction and a sale is considered highly probable. They are stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
Financial assets
The group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables, and available for sale. This classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition and re-evaluates this designation at every reporting date.
a) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
This category has two sub-categories: financial assets held for trading, and those designated at fair value through profit or loss at inception. A financial asset is classified in this category if it was acquired principally for the purpose of short-term sale or if so designated by management. Derivatives are also categorised as held for trading unless designated as hedges. Assets in this category are classified as current assets if they are either held for trading or are expected to be realised within 12 months of the balance sheet date.
