Accounting for derivatives follows the intentions underlying the associated contract. At the time a contract is entered into, it is defined as either a hedging or a trading contract. Norske Skog uses hedge accounting for a large amount of its economic hedging portfolio.
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that qualify as hedging and which are effective, are recorded in the income statement, together with any changes in the fair value of the of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. The ineffective part of the hedging relationship is booked as an interest cost within Financial items. If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item for which the effective interest method is used, is amortised over the period to maturity. Hedging instruments that are terminated prior to maturity will be treated in the same way. If the underlying hedged item is realised or repurchased prior to maturity, any associated hedging reserve/amortised cost is recognised in the income statement on a one-to-one basis.
b) Net investment hedge
Gains and losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge are recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised
F-105
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) immediately in the income statement line Financial items. Gains and losses accumulated in equity are included in the income statement when the foreign operation is disposed of or sold.
c) Derivatives at fair value over profit or loss Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any of these derivative instruments are recognised in the income statement. The fair value of quoted investments is based on the current market price. If the market for a financial asset is not active, the group applies valuation techniques to establish the fair value. These include the use of recent arm 's length transactions, reference to other instruments which are substantially the same, and discounted cash flow analyses defined to reflect the issuer's specific circumstances (see also Note 9).
Shares, bonds, certificates, bills, etc. Shares, bonds and certificates classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are valued at market value, with changes in fair value recognised in the income statement.
