The tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the com pany's subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable income.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are offset against deferred tax liabilities when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and there is a legally enforceable right to set-off current tax assets against current deferred tax liabilities.
Pension obligations, bonus arrangements and other employee benefits a) Pension obligations
Group companies operate various pension schemes. These are generally funded through payments to insurance companies, as determined by periodic actuarial calculations. The group has both defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
A defined benefit plan is one which defines an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation.
The liability recognised in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the balance sheet date less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high quality corporate bonds which are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and which have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension liability, or alternatively a government bond interest rate if such bonds do not exist.
F-107
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. Past-service costs are recognised immediately in income. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the group pays fixed contributions into a separate entity. These contributions are made to publicly- or privately-administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been made. These contributions are recognised as an employee benefit expense in the period the contribution relates to. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.
