New and amended interpretations and standards adopted by the group The following standards are mandatory for the first time for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2013:
IAS 19 Employee benefits (revised) The revised standard requires that all actuarial gains and losses shall be recognised in other comprehensive income as they occur (i.e. elimination of the corridor approach), all past service costs shall be recognised immediately, and interest cost and expected return on plan assets shall be replaced with a net interest amount that is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability (asset). The net interest element is classified within Financial items. The revised standard was implemented by Norske Skog from 1 January 2013, with full retrospective application. See Note 13 for more information regarding the impact of the revised standard.
F-110
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) IFRS 13 Fair value measurement The standard provides a precise definition of fair value and a gives a unified description of how fair value should be determined by IFRS, and defines what additional information should be provided when fair value is used. The standard does not extend the use of fair value accounting, but provides guidance on how it should be applied where its use is already required or permitted by other standards. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2013, and note disclosure for items that are measured at fair value has been updated in line with the standard.
IFRS 7-- Financial instruments: disclosures (amendment) The amendments require an entity to disclose information regarding the effect of netting arrangements on an entity's financial position. The am endm ent has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IAS 16 Property, plant and equipment (amendment) The am endm ent clarifies that major spare parts and servicing equipment that meet the definition of property, plant and equipment are not inventory. This has not had an impact on the financial statements as the changes had already been implemented.
New standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2014. None of these have been early adopted in 2013. New standards and amendments that are expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements are listed below:
IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statements IFRS 10 builds on the existing principles that define the concept of control as the determining factor in whether an entity should be included within the consolidated financial statements of the parent company. The standard provides additional guidance to assist in the determination of control. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. It is not expected that the standard will have a material impact on the financial statements.
