New standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2014. None of these have been early adopted in 2013. New standards and amendments that are expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements are listed below:
IFRS 11 Joint arrangements IFRS 11 removes the option for jointly controlled entities to use proportionate consolidation. Instead, the equity method of accounting must be used. The standard specifies two main categories of joint control: joint ventures and joint operations. For joint ventures, joint control is recognised in accordance with the equity method, but for joint operations, the parties shall recognise their rights in the assets and liabilities included in the collaboration. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. It is not expected that the standard will have a material impact on the financial statements.
IFRS 12 Disclosures of interests in other entities The standard contains disclosure requirements for all forms of interests in other entities, including joint ventures, associated companies, special purpose entities and other off balance sheet entities. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. It is not expected that it will have a material impact on presentation in the financial statements.
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments IFRS 9 addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities and replaces the parts of IAS 39 that relate to the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The new standard requires financial assets to be classified into two measurement
F-111
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
categories: those measured at fair value and those measured at amortised cost. The determination is m ade at initial recognition, and depends on the entity's business model for managing its financial instruments and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. For financial liabilities, the standard retains most of the IAS 39 requirements. The standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU. The group has not fully assessed the impact of the adoption of IFRS 9.
IAS 27 Separate financial statements (revised)
