NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Assumptions applied when calculating the recoverable amount
PPE and intangible non-current assets are written down to their recoverable amount when this is lower than the carrying value of the asset. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is the present value of future cash flows expected to arise from an asset or cash-generating unit. Norske Skog applies the value in use approach when calculating recoverable amount for its cash-generating units.
When calculating value in use, the group is divided into the following cash-generating units: Europe newsprint, Australasia newsprint, Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)) and Norske Skog Saugbrugs (Norway) magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)). The cash-generating unit Europe newsprint consists of Norske Skog Golbey (France), Norske Skog Bruck Paper Machine 3 (Austria) and Norske Skog Skogn (Norway). The cash-generating unit Australasia newsprint consists of Norske Skog Albury (Australia), Norske Skog Boyer (Australia) and Norske Skog Tasman (New Zealand). The cash-generating unit Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)) consists of Norske Skog Walsum (Germany) and Norske Skog Bruck Paper Machine 4 (Austria). In cases where several mills are part of a cash-generating unit, this is because production can be moved between the mills, based on what gives best profitability for the group as a whole.
Norske Skog calculates the value in use in the impairment testing by using a weighted average cost of capital model (WACC).
Nominal cash flow is estimated in the currency in which it will be generated. The value is calculated by discounting based on a required rate of return on capital that is relevant for the cash-generating unit or the individual asset. The required rate of return is based on the interest rate on ten year government bonds in the currency of the cash flow estimate, an industry debt yield premium, industry beta and an equity risk premium. In certain instances, a country-specific risk premium relevant to the cash-generating unit or individual asset has been added.
W hen calculating value in use at the end of 2013, the discount rate after tax was in the interval from 6.1% to 8.1% (6.3% to 14.6% in 2012). The applied discount rate for Europe newsprint was in the interval from 6.5% to 6.9% , Australasia newsprint was in the interval from 7.9% to 8.1% , Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)) was in the interval from 6.1% to 6.5% and Norske Skog Saugbrugs (Norway) magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)) was 6.9%.
Cash flow is calculated individually for each business unit, based on the estimated useful life. The paper industry is a capital intensive industry where investment decisions are made based on projects with a long time horizon. The production machines have a long technical life, while useful lives are linked to industry cost curves and the size of the market. The estimated remaining useful life of the individual paper machines forms the basis for determining the length of the cash flow period. For both sales prices and input prices, a continued decline in real terms is expected, as historically observed. Sales volumes develop in accordance with the useful lives of the different paper machines in the group. Projections of these assumptions result in a gradual improvement in margins, from depressed levels at the current point in the business cycle to a normalisation with economic activity. The impairment testing at 31 Decem ber 2013 was based on the operating plan for the group for 2014 as approved by the board of directors.
The cash flow decreases gradually over time as the capacity of the group declines, reflecting assumed closures of machines as they reach the end of their useful lives.
