financial instruments designated as net investment hedges. The sensitivity analysis on equity excludes the effects from the sensitivity analysis on the income statement, calculated above.
A major part of Norske Skog's global commodity dem and is secured through long-term contracts. Norske Skog only uses financial instruments to a limited extent to hedge these contracts. The hedging ratio represents a trade-off between risk exposure and the opportunity to take advantage of short-term price drops in the spot market. Hedging levels are regulated through mandates approved by the board of directors.
Some of Norske Skog's purchase and sales contracts are defined as financial instruments, or contain em bedded derivatives, which fall within the scope of IAS 39. These financial instruments and em bedded derivatives are measured in the balance sheet at fair value with value changes recognised through profit or loss. Commodity contracts are either financial contracts for the purpose of trading or hedging, or physical commodity contracts that are not for the purpose of own use. The em bedded derivatives are common in physical commodity contracts and comprise a wide variety of derivative characteristics.
Changes in fair value of commodity contracts reflect unrealised gains or losses and are calculated as the difference between market price and contract price, discounted to present value. Some commodity contracts are bilateral contracts or em bedded derivatives in bilateral contracts, for which there exists no active market. Therefore, valuation techniques are used as much as possible, with the use of available market information. Techniques that reflect how the market could be expected to price instruments are used in non-observable markets.
Norske Skog's portfolio of commodity contracts consists mainly of physical energy contracts. Fair value of commodity contracts is especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of em bedded derivatives in physical contracts depends on currency and price index fluctuations. The energy contracts in Norway are nominated in EUR. These contracts contain em bedded derivatives that are sensitive to changes in exchange rates. NOK weakened against EUR during 2013, which had a negative effect on the fair value of the em bedded derivatives.
In April 2013, Norske Skog Saugbrugs signed a new long-term energy contract for the supply of electricity for the paper mill in Halden. The new energy contract secures an annual supply of 1.0 TWh up to 31 Decem ber 2020. The agreem ent entered into force on 1 May 2013. The contract ensures almost full energy coverage for Norske Skog Saugbrugs over the contract period. During 2013, Norske Skogindustrier ASA also terminated its long-term group energy contract from 1998 that applied for energy supply in Southern Norway.
In March 2012, Norske Skog sold long-term excess energy in Norway for NOK 170 million.
S e nsitivity a na lysis fo r c o m m o d ity c o n tra c ts
Trading and hedging mandates have been established for energy activity. Financial trading and hedging activities are carried out bilaterally with banks and trading companies.
