Overview
Our newsprint paper products include standard and improved grades, while our magazine paper products comprise uncoated super-calendared paper and light-weight coated paper. The end uses of our products are mainly newspapers and magazines, but also include catalogs, inserts/flyers, supplements, free-sheets, directories, direct mail and brochures. Our principal geographic markets for newsprint products are Europe and Australasia, while our main geographic markets for magazine paper products are Europe, Australasia and North America. We sell our products in these markets under well-known brands, including Nornews, Norbright, NorX, Norstar, Norcote, Norsc, Norbook, Vantage and Tasman Directory. Our customers include publishers of leading periodicals in Europe, Australasia and the rest of the world, and we have long-standing relationships with many of our top tier publishing clients.
Positioning Within the Industry
Overview of Industry Trends
Significant trends affecting the paper industry include (i) a fundamental structural change in paper consumption as demand for global paper consumption declines and (ii) a geographic shift in production and demand from traditional markets, such as North America and Western Europe, to Asia and Latin America.
A long-term demand decline for paper globally has been driven principally by technological developments which are influencing economic, demographic and end-user preference trends. Alternative methods of media consumption that have shifted consumer preferences towards digital platforms have negatively impacted publication paper. Global overcapacity has been driven by this demand decline and exacerbated by some capacity buildup in Asia over the past decade.
To reduce the levels of overcapacity and address the current market imbalance, industry participants have engaged in both consolidation and capacity closures, which have resulted in substantial capacity reductions in North America, Western Europe, Japan and other traditional markets. North America has been a first mover in consolidation and reduction of capacity over the past several years with Europe following. Both markets have become more consolidated, which has helped to address the overcapacity issues. North America remains a more consolidated market than Europe, except in relation to uncoated mechanical, which suggests that there is still room for consolidation in the European publication paper markets.
Our Response
As a result of the broader industry declines, we have endured a protracted period of operational losses. We have sought to address the long-term decline in publication paper demand through a series of
