E u ro p e . The Publication Paper Europe segment encompasses production and sale of newsprint and magazine paper in Europe. Our five European mills and the regional sales organization are included in the operating segment Publication Paper Europe.
O th e r A c tiv itie s . Activities in our Group that do not fall into either Publication Paper Europe or Publication Paper Australasia are presented under Other Activities. This includes mainly corporate functions and some minor real estate activities.
E lim in a tio n s . Eliminations represent intra-group eliminations. Since January 1, 2014, eliminations generally relate to intra-group services, primarily corporate headquarters operations. Historically, in addition to intra-group services, eliminations included sales of energy to internal parties and other activities. Eliminations items reduce both operating revenue and cost of materials.
As described under ``--F a c to rs A ffe c tin g C o m p a r a b ilit y - C h a n g e s in r e p o r tin g s e g m e n ts " , during the periods under review in this discussion, we have changed our operating segments with effect from January 1, 2012 and, again, with effect from January 1, 2014.
Significant Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
Our business is affected by a number of important trends and factors. The most significant of these trends and factors are discussed below.
Paper prices and volumes
The primary factors affecting our results of operations are the prices and volumes of newsprint and magazine paper that we sell.
P u b lic a tio n p a p e r p ric e s . The prices at which we are able to sell our newsprint and magazine paper depend mainly on the balance between supply and demand and, to a lesser extent, on the quality characteristics of our publication paper and the destinations and terms of delivery. Since 2011, most of our European newsprint contracts allow for price adjustment on a quarterly or semi-annually basis, which, while tying our revenues more closely to fluctuations in market prices for newsprint and enabling us to respond more flexibly, introduces more volatility into our results over the course of any given year. Newsprint in Australasia is generally sold under contracts with pricing fixed for several years. Magazine paper is typically sold under contracts with terms of up to one year with pricing adjusted on a quarterly basis.
