From time to time, we hedge parts of our expected cash flow in foreign currency. The purpose of this is to improve predictability of our cash flows. Forward contracts and options may be used to hedge cash flows. See ``-- Q u a lita tiv e a n d Q u a n tita tiv e D is c lo s u r e s a b o u t M a r k e t R is k - E x c h a n g e ra te r is k " .
We primarily have fixed-rate borrowings, which are carried as liabilities on our balance sheet. As of September 30, 2014, the total carrying value of all total interest-bearing liabilities was NOK 7,604 million, and the total value of cash and cash equivalents was NOK 500 million.
For a discussion of our past hedging activities with respect to interest rates, see ``-- Q u a lita tiv e a n d
Q uantitative D isclo su re s a b o u t M a rk e t R isk-- In te re st rate ris k " .
Impact of decline in value of fixed assets
We are required to determine the value of our fixed assets (principally the machines we use in our mills) whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such events can include the closure of a mill or a reduction in the production capacity of a mill. When the carrying amount exceeds the net present value of future cash flows from the asset, the difference is recorded as an impairment charge in our income statement.
Cost control and operational efficiency
A proportion of our total operating expenses are fixed, which means that profitability, particularly in an environment of declining prices, depends in part on cost control and operating efficiency. During the periods under review, we have implemented a number of cost control and operational efficiency programs and measures, and we continue to monitor opportunities to implement further programs and measures. In addition to mill closures and disposals and production suspensions, these programs and measures have included the optimization of energy usage at our mills, the consolidation of sales and distribution resources and use of sales agents and the streamlining of headquarter operations. Due to the combination of mill closures and disposals and cost-reduction initiatives, our employee headcount decreased from 5,078 employees as of December 31,2011 to 2,944 employees as of September 30, 2014. In general, the effects of cost control and operational efficiency programs and measures are reflected in improvements in operating expense items, gross operating earnings and gross operating margins. We may also record restructuring expenses in connection with cost-reduction initiatives, which can be significant. For example, we recorded NOK 59 million of restructuring expenses in 2011 for a cost-reduction program at the Walsum mill.
Acquisitions and disposals
