A proportion of our total operating expenses are fixed, which means that profitability, particularly in an environment of declining prices, depends in part on cost control and operating efficiency. During the periods under review, we have implemented a number of cost control and operational efficiency programs and measures, and we continue to monitor opportunities to implement further programs and measures. In addition to mill closures and disposals and production suspensions, these programs and measures have included the optimization of energy usage at our mills, the consolidation of sales and distribution resources and use of sales agents and the streamlining of headquarter operations. Due to the combination of mill closures and disposals and cost-reduction initiatives, our employee headcount decreased from 5,078 employees as of December 31,2011 to 2,944 employees as of September 30, 2014. In general, the effects of cost control and operational efficiency programs and measures are reflected in improvements in operating expense items, gross operating earnings and gross operating margins. We may also record restructuring expenses in connection with cost-reduction initiatives, which can be significant. For example, we recorded NOK 59 million of restructuring expenses in 2011 for a cost-reduction program at the Walsum mill.
During the periods under review we have made a number of significant disposals and reductions in capacity. In addition, in the future we may make further disposals and other reductions in capacity and potentially may make acquisitions in line with our business strategy. Any of these actions may significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. See ``-- F a c to rs A ffe c tin g C o m p a r a b ility - S ig n ific a n t d is p o s a ls o r r e d u c tio n s in c a p a c ity " . We may incur substantial additional debt in connection with any acquisition.
Seasonality
In general, market demand for our products is not constant over the year. We typically experience strong seasonal demand in the fourth quarter due to Christmas advertising and Christmas catalogs, and in the Northern hemisphere, we experience a seasonal increase in demand in the second quarter due to the printing of holiday brochures ahead of the summer holiday season. For example, for the three months ended March 31, 2014, we generated gross operating earnings of NOK 153 million, while our gross operating earnings for the three months ended December 31,2013 were NOK 298 million. For reasons related to operational efficiency, we maintain production levels relatively stable throughout the year, such that seasonal increases in demand are satisfied through inventory. Consequently, changes in inventories can be significant from quarter to quarter, although from one year to the next, the overall change in inventories is typically small.
61
Factors Affecting Comparability
The key factors affecting comparability of our results of operations during the periods under review include:
Changes in reporting segments
Due to changes in our business and the way we operate and manage our business during the periods under review, we have made several changes to our operating segments. These changes affect comparability of our results of operations during the periods under review.
