· D is p o s a l o f R e p a rc o (2 0 1 2 ). We sold the Reparco global recovered paper business in August 2012.
The disposal of businesses and assets and the reduction of production capacity have a number of effects on our results of operations. In general, disposals and reductions of capacity result in decreases in operating revenues, operating expenses and gross operating earnings in subsequent periods. In some cases, the disposal of a profitable business, such as the Pisa mill in Brazil, can negatively impact gross operating margins in subsequent periods. We may recognize one-time gains or losses as a result of disposals, which are recorded as other gains and losses in the income statement. We have generally applied a portion of the proceeds from disposals to reduce our indebtedness.
We generally will record restructuring expenses in connection with reductions of capacity through closures. For example, we recorded NOK 287 million of restructuring expenses in 2011 in connection with the closure of the Follum mill (which was subsequently sold) and n Ok 105 million of restructuring expenses in 2012 in connection with the closure of newsprint capacity at the Tasman mill. We may also record significant impairment charges with respect to the planned closure of capacity. Closures may also have a positive impact on working capital and operating cash flow, due to the release of working capital following such closure.
Implementation of accounting standard IAS 19
We implemented the amended accounting standard IAS 19 Employee Benefits with effect from January 1,2013, with full retrospective application. We have included restated 2012 financial information for the purposes of comparison in these listing particulars to give effect to this implementation. For a description of the implementation effects of amended accounting standard IAS 19, see note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2013.
Impact from currency changes and other factors under financial items
Effective from October 2014, we terminated our remaining currency hedging agreements. Historically, our forward contracts and currency options were subject to fair market valuation at the end of each financial quarter, changes in which were recognized in our income statement as a financial item. As a result, the currency impact of changes in exchange rates on our results, which is recognized in our income statement, could be significant. Net translation effects in respect of foreign currencydenominated debt could also be significant, primarily in U.S. dollar-denominated debt, as we do not have many assets in U.S. dollars. Translation differences on most of the other debt denominated in foreign currencies were generally together with assets in the same currency, and the translation difference was recognized in equity. Furthermore, we have from time to time repurchased our debt securities as part of the management of our capital structure and have recognized gains and losses as a result of such repurchases.
Realized/unrealized gains/losses on currency Gains on buy-back of bonds ........................
Year Ended December 31,
