In order to improve the capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.
Norske Skog is an international com pany that, through its ongoing business operations, will be exposed to litigation and claims from public authorities and contracting parties. Norske Skog has an ongoing process related to simplification of the group's corporate structure. This, in combination with changes in individual countries' tax laws, could increase the group's tax exposure. The group's assessment is that sufficient provisions have been made for the aforementioned conditions.
F-150
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
26. RELATED PARTIES All transactions with related parties are conducted in accordance with the arm 's length principle. Some of Norske Skogindustrier ASA's shareholders are forest owners delivering forestry products to the group's production units in Norway. One of the board members, Eilif Due, is a forest owner who supplies wood to the group on normal commercial terms. All contracts for supply of wood are entered into through forest owner associations or companies. In 2013, Norske Skog entered into a contract with Skøyen Næringsbygg AS for the lease of its head office at Skøyen. Torstein I. Tvenge is chairman of the board of Skøyen Næringsbygg AS, and controls 100% of the shares in the company, together with close family members. Tvenge is also a shareholder of Norske Skogindustrier ASA. The lease contract for the head office has been entered into on normal commercial terms. Purchases of goods and services by associated com pany Malaysian Newsprint Industries Sdn. Bhd. (MNI) from other companies in the Norske Skog group during 2013 amounted to NOK 10 million (NOK 2 million in 2012). There were no amounts payable by MNI to the Norske Skog group at 31 Decem ber 2013 or 31 Decem ber 2012. None of the board members receive remuneration for their work for the com pany from any source other than the com pany itself. 27. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE In January 2014, Norske Skog entered into a long-term marketing agreem ent with CellMark AB for sale of publication paper in the Asian markets. The parties will establish a new distributor in Singapore, NorCell Asia, which will have the exclusive marketing rights for all Norske Skog products to be sold in the Asian markets. Norske Skog will transfer its current sales operations and sales staff in Singapore from Pan Asia Paper Trading Co. Pty. Ltd. to NorCell Asia. In January 2014, the terms of sale for Norske Skog's remaining 49% stake in Norske Skog Pisa Ltda. in Brazil were renegotiated, with an accelerated timeline, and a sales price of USD 37 million. The value of the investment in associated com pany at 31 Decem ber 2013 has been updated to reflect the agreed sales price. See Note 19 Investments in associated companies for further information. Rune Sollie was appointed Chief Financial Officer (CFO) In Norske Skogindustrier ASA in January 2014. Sollie has broad experience from various financial positions within Norwegian industry.
F-151
ptjjg
To the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of Norske Skogindustrier ASA
Independent auditor's report
