NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
A c c o u n tin g p o lic ie s a p p lie d in the s e g m e n t re p o rtin g Recognition, measurement and classification applied in the segment reporting are consistent with the accounting principles applied for the consolidated income statement and balance sheet. The option in IFRS 8 allowing different accounting policies to be applied in the segment reporting and group reporting is, for transparency reasons, not applied in Norske Skog.
P erform ance m easurem ent
The group assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross operating earnings (adjusted EBITDA) and gross operating earnings after depreciation (adjusted EBIT). These items exclude the effects of expenditure not deem ed to be part of the regular operating activities of the segment, such as restructuring expenses, impairments, gains and losses from sales of non-current assets and changes in fair value of certain energy contracts and biological assets.
In te rc o m p a n y tran sactio n s The revenue reported per operating segment includes both sales to external parties and sales to other segments. Intra-segment sales are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. All sales transactions between operating segments are carried out at arm 's length prices as if sold or transferred to independent third parties.
Foreign currency translation
a) F u n ctio n a l a n d p re s e n ta tio n a l cu rre n c y Items included in the financial statements of each of the group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic location in which the entity operates (the ``functional currency''). Functional currency for the group's activities in Brazil was changed from USD to BRL with effect from 2012, in order to more accurately reflect the primary economic environment in which the Pisa mill operates. The consolidated financial statements are presented in NOK, which is both the functional and presentational currency of the parent company.
b ) T ransactions a n d b a la n ce s Foreign currency transactions are translated into the entity's functional currency using the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year-end exchange rates are recognised in the income statement. Gains and losses subject to hedge accounting and relating to currency positions qualifying as net investment hedges and which are hedge accounted, are booked as part of comprehensive income. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of accounts receivable/payable and unrealised gains/ losses on the same positions are recognised in Operating revenue/Cost of materials respectively. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of other items are recognised within Financial items. Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the income statement as Financial items.
c ) G rou p co m p an ies The results and financial position of all group entities which have a functional currency different from the presentational currency are translated into the presentational currency as follows:
