On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are booked as part of comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves. When a foreign operation is fully or partially sold, such exchange differences are booked out of comprehensive income and recognised in the income statement as part of the gain or loss on sale.
Property, plant and equipment
Land and buildings comprise mainly mills, machinery and office premises. All property, plant and equipment (PPE) is shown at historical cost less subsequent depreciation and impairments. Historical cost includes expenditure directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. The residual value of production equipment is defined as the realisable value after deduction of the estimated cost of dismantling and removal of the asset. If the estimated cost exceeds the estimated value, the net liability is added to the cost of the related asset, and a provision is recognised as a liability in the balance sheet.
Borrowing costs which are directly related to qualifying assets are recognised as part of the acquisition cost for the qualifying asset. Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gains/losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of PPE.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repair and maintenance costs are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they are incurred.
Land is not depreciated. Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts to their residual values over their estimated useful lives.
The residual value and useful life of assets are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at each balance sheet date. An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount, and included in the income statement line Other gains and losses.
Biological assets
