2. ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued) Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is m ade to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose.
Patents and licenses have a finite useful life and are recognised at historical cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of patents and licences over their estimated useful lives.
c) C o m p u te r softw are
Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire the specific software and bring it into use, and amortised over their estimated useful lives. Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognised as an expense as they are incurred. Costs which are directly associated with the development of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the group, and which are likely to generate economic benefits exceeding the costs beyond one year, are recognised as intangible assets. Direct costs include the costs of software development personnel and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads. Computer software development costs recognised as assets are amortised over their estimated useful lives.
Impairment of non-financial assets Intangible assets which have an indefinite useful life, for example goodwill, are not subject to amortisation, and are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable (cash-generating units). At each balance sheet date, the possibility of reversing impairment losses in prior periods is evaluated (except for goodwill).
Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held for sale Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as assets held for sale when their carrying amount is to be recovered principally through a sale transaction and a sale is considered highly probable. They are stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
Financial assets
The group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables, and available for sale. This classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. M anagem ent determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition and re-evaluates this designation at every reporting date.
a) F in a n c ia l a ssets a t fa ir va lu e th ro u g h p ro fit o r lo ss
