a) F air value h e d g e
F-164
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
b) N e t in ve stm e n t h e d g e Gains and losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge are recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income statement line Financial items. Gains and losses accumulated in equity are included in the income statement when the foreign operation is disposed of or sold.
c ) D erivative s a t fa ir va lue o v e r p ro fit o r lo ss Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any of these derivative instruments are recognised in the income statement. The fair value of quoted investments is based on the current market price. If the market for a financial asset is not active, the group applies valuation techniques to establish the fair value. These include the use of recent arm 's length transactions, reference to other instruments which are substantially the same, and discounted cash flow analyses defined to reflect the issuer's specific circumstances (see also Note 9).
Shares, bonds, certificates, bills, etc. Shares, bonds and certificates classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are valued at market value, with changes in fair value recognised in the income statement.
Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Drawn bank overdrafts are shown as Interest-bearing current liabilities in the balance sheet.
Inventory Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method, or average purchase price. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.
