Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.
Bond loans
The value of bond loans in the balance sheet is reduced by holdings of Norske Skog bonds. Amounts above or below amortised costs upon buy-back are recognised in the income statement in the same period the buy-back occurs.
Current and deferred income tax
The group's income tax expense includes current tax based on taxable profit in group companies, change of deferred income taxes for the financial period and adjustments to previous periods. Tax is recognised in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
The tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the com pany's subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable income.
Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and their tax bases.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are offset against deferred tax liabilities when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and there is a legally enforceable right to set-off current tax assets against current deferred tax liabilities.
Pension obligations, bonus arrangements and other employee benefits
