We estimate production capacity using the production capacity of our mills as a demonstrated maximum production output (in tons per year) which we derive by annualizing (based on 362 days) the average saleable paper production output (in tons per hour) from the three calendar months with the highest production volumes over the last twelve-month period that have a capacity utilization rate of greater than 90%. Our estimates of production capacity are unaudited and involve significant estimates and assumptions made by our management.
xiii
such as scheduled stops for maintenance or holidays, have interrupted the normal operation of paper production. We use 362-day years because time is required each year to perform work that can only be done during a paper machine stop. Paper machine shutdowns for operational and maintenance reasons are part of normal operations and are not intended to be included in our estimates. With effect from January 1,2011, we implemented a new calculation for the measurement of capacity at all of our mills, which assumes a lower paper weight (as measured in gsm) produced at the relevant mill. This change was introduced in response to a general trend towards thinner and lighter paper, particularly in Europe. This change affects the comparability of capacity figures for periods prior to January 1,2011 as the new system for measuring capacity results in small differences in the capacity at certain of our mills.
xiv
EXCHANGE RATES
The functional currency of the Parent and the presentation currency for the Consolidated Financial Statements included in these listing particulars is the Norwegian krone. Certain of our indebtedness is denominated in Euro and, to a lesser extent, U.S. dollars and Australian dollars and certain of our subsidiaries use a functional currency and a presentation currency other than the Norwegian krone that must be translated into Norwegian kroner for the purpose of preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements. See the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in these listing particulars for a description of the methodology we use to translate our financial position and results of operations from U.S. dollars or Euro to Norwegian kroner.
The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, certain information concerning the exchange rates for Norwegian kronor expressed in NOK per U.S.$1.00 and in NOK per 1.00, in each case based upon the Bloomberg Composite Rate and rounded to four decimal places. The Bloomberg Composite Rate is a ``best market'' calculation in which, at any point in time, the bid rate is equal to the highest bid rate of all contributing bank indications and the ask rate is set to the lowest ask rate offered by these banks. The Bloomberg Composite Rate is a mid-value rate between the applied highest bid rate and the lowest ask rate. ``Average'' means the average of the exchange rates on the last business day of each month for annual averages and the average of the exchange rates on each business day during the relevant period for monthly averages. These exchange rates are provided only for the convenience of the reader. No representation is made that amounts in U.S.$ or  have been, could have been or could be converted into NOK, or vice versa.
As of March 19, 2015, the Bloomberg Composite Rate was NOK 8.1017 per U.S.$1.00 and NOK 8.6159 per 1.00.
The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, certain information concerning the exchange rates for NOK, expressed in NOK per U.S.$1.00. The rates set forth below are provided solely for your convenience and were not used by us in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in these listing particulars. No representation is made that U.S.$ could have been, or could be, converted into NOK at that rate or at any other rate.
