IFRS 7-- F in a n c ia l in s tru m e n ts : d is c lo s u re s (a m e n d m e n t) The am endm ents require an entity to disclose information regarding the effect of netting arrangements on an entity's financial position. The changes are effective for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2013 or later. It is not expected that the changes will have a significant impact on the financial statements.
IFRS 9 F in a n c ia l In stru m e n ts IFRS 9 addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities and replaces the parts of IAS 39 that relate to the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The new standard requires financial assets to be classified into two measurement categories: those measured at fair value and those measured at amortised cost. The determination is made at initial recognition, and depends on the entity's business model for managing its financial instruments and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. For financial liabilities, the standard retains most of the IAS 39 requirements. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning 1 January 2015 or later. The standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU. The group has not fully assessed the impact of the adoption of IFRS 9.
F-170
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
IFRS 10 C o n s o lid a te d fin a n c ia l sta te m e n ts IFRS 10 builds on the existing principles that define the concept of control as the determining factor in whether an entity should be included within the consolidated financial statements of the parent company. The standard provides additional guidance to assist in the determination of control. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. The standard is not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements.
IFR S 11 J o in t a rra n g e m e n ts IFRS 11 removes the option for jointly controlled entities to use proportionate consolidation. Instead, the equity method of accounting must be used. The standard specifies two main categories of joint control: joint ventures and joint operations. For joint ventures, joint control is recognised in accordance with the equity method, but for joint operations, the parties shall recognise their rights in the assets and liabilities included in the collaboration. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later. It is not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements.
IFRS 12 D is c lo s u re s o f in te re sts in o th e r e n titie s The standard contains disclosure requirements for all forms of interests in other entities, including joint ventures, associated companies, special purpose entities and other off balance sheet entities. The group has not considered the impact of IFRS 12, but the standard only affects the presentation in the financial statements. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2014 or later.
IFRS 13 F a ir va lue m e a s u re m e n t The standard provides a precise definition of fair value and a gives a unified description of how fair value should be determined by IFRS, and defines what additional information should be provided when fair value is used. The standard does not extend the use of fair value accounting but provides guidance on how it should be applied where its use is already required or permitted by other standards. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2013 or later. The group uses fair value as the measurement criterion for certain assets and liabilities, but has not yet fully considered the impact of IFRS 13.
