The group's provision for future environmental obligations is based on a number of assumptions made using m anagem ent's best judgment. Changes in any of these assumptions could have an impact on the group's provision and group costs. See Note 21 for further information.
The residual value of the group's production equipment is valued as the anticipated realisable value on the balance sheet date, after deducting the estimated costs relating to asset dismantling, removal and restoration. If the estimated costs exceed the estimated residual values, the net liability is added to the fixed asset cost in the balance sheet and a provision is recognised as a liability. The group performs a review of the residual value of its production equipment at the end of each accounting year. Residual value is affected by short-term changes in the underlying assumptions, for example scrap metal prices. A change in the residual value could have an impact on future depreciation costs. The provision for dismantling costs is based on a number of assumptions made using m anagem ent's best judgment. See Note 21 for further information.
e) F a ir value o f d e riva tive s a n d o th e r fin a n c ia l in s tru m e n ts
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques. The group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date. See Note 9 for more information.
f) P e n s io n s
The present value of the pension obligation depends on several input factors that are determined by means of a number of actuarial assumptions. The assumptions used in calculating the net pension expense (income) include the discount rate. Changes in these assumptions will affect the carrying value of the pension obligation.
3. OPERATING SEGMENTS
Reportable segments
The group is divided into two operating segments: newsprint and magazine paper. The segment selection is based on the products manufactured and on the organisational structure used in the group's internal performance measurement and resource allocation. The newsprint segment is further divided into two geographical regions, newsprint Europe and newsprint outside Europe. The composition of Norske Skog's operating segments was changed with effect from 1 January 2012. Activities relating to energy, which were previously included in a separate segment, are now included within other activities. This is because there is no longer a central unit within the group for monitoring and controlling activities related to energy. The group still has operating revenue and operating expenses relating to energy, but the bulk of the revenue is from units within the group. The activities related to energy therefore have little importance for Norske Skog's ongoing operations. The comparative figures for 2011 have been restated in accordance with the new segment structure.
