Non-current assets held for sale
Assumptions applied when calculating the recoverable amount
PPE and intangible non-current assets are written down to their recoverable amount when this is lower than the carrying value of the asset. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is the present value of future cash flows expected to arise from an asset or cash-generating unit. Norske Skog applies the value in use approach when calculating recoverable amount for its cash-generating units.
When calculating value in use, the group is divided into the following cash-generating units: Europe newsprint, Australasia newsprint, Norske Skog Pisa (Brazil) newsprint, Norske Skog Singburi (Thailand) newsprint, Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)) and Norske Skog Saugbrugs (Norway) magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)). The cash-generating unit Europe newsprint consists of Norske Skog Golbey (France), Norske Skog Bruck Paper Machine 3 (Austria) and Norske Skog Skogn (Norway). The cash-generating unit Australasia newsprint consists of Norske Skog Albury (Australia), Norske Skog Boyer (Australia) and Norske Skog Tasman (New Zealand). The cash-generating unit Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)) consists of Norske Skog Walsum (Germany) and Norske Skog Bruck Paper Machine 4 (Austria). In cases where several mills are part of a cash-generating unit, this is because production can be moved between the mills, based on what gives best profitability for the group as a whole.
Norske Skog has made some changes with respect to how value in use is calculated in the impairment testing performed at 31 Decem ber 2012. From the fourth quarter of 2012, the adjusted present value model (APV) for calculating the present value of future cash flows has been replaced by a weighted average cost of capital model (Wa CC).
Nominal cash flow is estimated in the currency in which it will be generated. The value is calculated by discounting based on a required rate of return on capital that is relevant for the cash-generating unit or the individual asset. The required rate of return is based on the interest rate on ten year government bonds in the currency of the cash flow estimate, an industry debt yield premium, industry beta and an equity risk premium. In certain instances, a country-specific risk premium relevant to the cash-generating unit or individual asset has been added.
When calculating value in use at the end of 2012, the discount rate after tax was in the interval from 6.3% to 14.6% (8.6% to 12.4% in 2011, but then calculated as adjusted present value (APV) and hence not directly comparable). The calculations are based on cash flow and the required rate of return after tax. The applied discount rate for Europe newsprint was in the interval from 6.9% to 7.1%, Australasia newsprint was in the interval from 7.9% to 8.3%, Norske Skog Pisa (Brazil) newsprint was 14.6%, Norske Skog Singburi (Thailand) newsprint was 10.1%, Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)) was in the interval from 6.3% to 6.9% and Norske Skog Saugbrugs (Norway) magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)) was 7.1%.
F-179
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
