The interest rate sensitivity analysis is based on a parallel shift in the yield curve for each relevant currency to which Norske Skog is exposed. Following a 50 basis point downward/upward parallel shift in the yield curve in all interest rate markets to which Norske Skog is exposed, net earnings would have been NOK 3 million higher/lower at 31 Decem ber 2012 (NOK 2 million lower/higher at 31 Decem ber 2011). Change in net interest payments accounts for n Ok 1 million, and the total change in market values of derivatives carried at fair value through profit or loss accounts for NOK 2 million. Floating rate debt has decreased in 2012 due to repayments.
T ransaction risk-- c a sh flo w h e d g e
The group has revenues and expenses in various currencies. The major currencies are NOK, EUR, USD, GBP! AUD and NZD. Transaction risk arises because the group has a different currency split on income and expenses. Norske Skog calculates a 12-month future cash flow exposure in each currency on a rolling basis. The result of the hedging is included in Financial items in the income statement. Norske Skog does not use hedge accounting for the rolling cash flow hedge. The rolling cash flow hedge generated a gain of NOK 149 million in 2012 (loss of NOK 13 million in 2011). Over time, currency losses or earnings are expected to offset increased or reduced future gross operating earnings.
T ranslation ris k -- n e t in v e s tm e n t h e d g e
The presentational currency of the Norske Skog group is NOK. Currency translation risk arises when the financial statements of subsidiaries, presented in local currencies, are translated into NOK. In order to reduce translation risk, assets and liabilities are allocated to the same currency. In addition to traditional
F-185
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
8. FINANCIAL RISK AND HEDGE ACCO UNTING (Continued)
debt instruments, all combined currency and interest rate swaps and forward exchange contracts are also used for hedging net investments in foreign subsidiaries.
