1. GENERAL INFORM ATION Norske Skogindustrier ASA (``the com pany'') and its subsidiaries (together ``the group'') manufacture, distribute and sell publication paper. This includes newsprint and magazine paper. The group has 14 fully and partly owned mills on four continents. Norske Skogindustrier ASA is incorporated in Norway and has its head office at Oxenøen outside of Oslo. The com pany is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue by the board of directors in Norske Skogindustrier ASA on 29 February 2012. All amounts are presented in NOK million unless otherwise stated. There may be some small differences in the summation of columns due to rounding.
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Norske Skogindustrier ASA are set out below. The policies have been consistently applied to all periods presented, unless otherwise stated. The consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations from the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), as adopted by the European Union (EU). They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of biological assets, available-for-sale financial assets and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
C o n s o lid a tio n
a) S u b sid ia rie s Subsidiaries are all entities over which the group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies generally accompanying a shareholding of more than half of the voting rights. The group also assesses whether control exists where it does not have more than 50% of the voting power, but is able to govern the financial and operating policies by virtue of de-facto control. An important factor when assessing de-facto control is whether or not the group can choose the board of directors. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date at which control is transferred to the group. They are de-consolidated from the date on which such control ceases. Intercompany transactions, balances, income and expenses on transactions are eliminated. Profits and losses resulting from intercompany transactions that are recognised in assets are also eliminated. The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been am ended where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the group.
F-221
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
b) C ha ng e in o w n e rsh ip interests in s u b s id ia rie s w ith o u t lo ss o f c o n tro l
Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Upon further acquisition of shares in subsidiaries from non-controlling interests, the difference between the fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary, is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.
