The group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value, and recognises the amount as Share of profit in associated companies.
Segm ent reporting
R ep orta ble se g m e n ts
The activities in the group are divided into three operating segments: newsprint, magazine paper and energy. The newsprint segment is further segregated into two geographical regions. The operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the corporate managem ent team which makes strategic decisions.
F-222
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued) A c c o u n tin g p o lic ie s a p p lie d in the s e g m e n t re p o rtin g Recognition, measurement and classification applied in the segment reporting are consistent with the accounting principles applied for the group's consolidated income statement and balance sheet. The option in IFRS 8 allowing different accounting policies to be applied in segment reporting and group reporting is, for transparency reasons, not applied in Norske Skog.
P erform ance m easurem ent The group assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross operating earnings (adjusted EBITDA) and gross operating earnings after depreciation (adjusted EBIT). These items exclude the effects of expenditure not deem ed to be part of the regular operating activities of the segment, such as restructuring expenses, impairments, gains and losses from sales of non-current assets and changes in fair value of certain energy contracts and biological assets.
In te rc o m p a n y tran sactio n s The revenue reported per operating segment includes both sales to external parties and sales to other segments. Intra-segment sales are eliminated in the group financial statements. All sales transactions between operating segments are carried out at arm 's length prices as if sold or transferred to independent third parties.
