P erform ance m easurem ent The group assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross operating earnings (adjusted EBITDA) and gross operating earnings after depreciation (adjusted EBIT). These items exclude the effects of expenditure not deem ed to be part of the regular operating activities of the segment, such as restructuring expenses, impairments, gains and losses from sales of non-current assets and changes in fair value of certain energy contracts and biological assets.
Foreign currency translation
a) F u n ctio n a l a n d p re s e n ta tio n a l cu rre n c y Items included in the financial statements of each of the group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic location in which the entity operates (the ``functional currency''). The exception from this is the activities in South America, where USD is the functional currency. The consolidated financial statements are presented in NOK, which is both the functional and presentational currency of the parent company.
b ) T ransactions a n d b a la n ce s Foreign currency transactions are translated into the entity's functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year-end exchange rates, are recognised in the income statement. Gains and losses subject to hedge accounting and relating to currency positions qualifying as net investment hedges and which are hedge accounted, are booked as part of comprehensive income. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of accounts receivable/payable and unrealised gains/ losses on the same positions are recognised in Operating revenue/Cost of materials respectively. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of other items are recognised within Financial items. Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the income statement as Financial items.
c ) G rou p co m p an ies The results and financial position of all group entities which have a functional currency different from the presentational currency are translated into the presentational currency as follows:
i. Assets and liabilities for each of the balance sheets presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that balance sheet,
ii. Income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates,
F-223
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
