Borrowing costs which are directly related to qualifying assets are recognised as part of the acquisition cost for the qualifying asset. Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gains/losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of PPE.
Land is not depreciated. Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts to their residual values over their estimated useful lives.
The residual value and useful life of the assets are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at each balance sheet date. An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount, and included in the income statement line Other gains and losses.
Biological assets
Biological assets are measured upon initial recognition and at the end of each reporting period at fair value less estimated point-of-sale costs, unless fair value cannot be reliably measured. A gain or loss arising on initial recognition, and from changes in fair value during a period, is reported in net profit or loss for the period in which it arises. When fair value cannot be reliably estimated, the asset is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Intangible assets
a) G o o d w ill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the group's share of the net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.
F-224
