Non-financial commodity contracts where the relevant commodity is readily convertible to cash, and where the contracts are not for own use, fall within the scope of IAS 39 F in a n c ia l In s tru m e n ts --
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued) r e c o g n itio n a n d m e a s u r e m e n t. Such contracts are treated as derivatives in accordance with IAS 39. Norske Skog currently has energy contracts in Norway and South America that do not meet the own use criteria according to IAS 39.5. The contracts must therefore be treated as derivatives and are booked to fair value through profit or loss (see also Notes 7, 8 and 9). Commodity contracts within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as current assets, unless they are expected to be realised more than 12 months after the balance sheet date. In that case, they are classified as non-current assets.
b) L oa ns a n d re ce iva b le s Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments which are not quoted in an active market. They are included in current assets, except for those maturing later than 12 months after the balance sheet date. These are classified as non-current assets. Loans and receivables are included in Receivables and Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet.
c) A va ila b le -fo r-sa le fin a n c ia l assets Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives which are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets unless managem ent intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the balance sheet date.
Derivatives and hedging Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured at their fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The group designates derivatives as either: a) Hedges of the fair value of fixed interest loans (fair value hedge), b) Hedging of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedge), c) Derivatives at fair value through profit or loss. Upon inception of a transaction, the group documents the relationship between the hedging instruments and the hedged items, as well as its risk managem ent objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedging transactions. The group also documents its assessment of whether the derivatives that are used are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. This assessment is documented both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis through the hedging period. Accounting for derivatives follows the intentions underlying the associated contract. At the time a contract is entered into, it is defined as either a hedging or a trading contract. Norske Skog uses hedge accounting for a large amount of its economic hedging portfolio.
a) F air value h e d g e Changes in the fair value of derivatives that qualify as hedging and which are effective, are recorded in the income statement, together with any changes in the fair value of the of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. The ineffective part of the hedging relationship is booked as an interest cost within Financial items. If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item for which the effective interest method is used, is amortised over the period to maturity. Hedging instruments that are terminated prior to maturity will be treated in the same way. If the underlying hedged item is realised or repurchased prior to maturity, any associated hedging reserve/amortised cost is recognised in the income statement on a one-to-one basis.
F-226
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
