Cumulative actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions in excess of the greater of 10% of the value of plan assets or 10% of the defined benefit obligation are allocated to income over the em ployees' expected average remaining working lives.
For defined contribution plans, the group makes contributions to publicly- or privately-administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been made. These contributions are recognised as an employee benefit expense in the period the contribution relates to. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.
b) S h are -b ase d rem un era tion
The group has a long-term incentive plan where the allocation of synthetic options to members of corporate managem ent is based on the development of the com pany's share price in relation to a defined group of listed paper producers. The programme results in a cash payout if the options are exercised. The fair value of the liability is measured at each balance sheet date and on the settlement date. See also Note 12.
c) B o nu s arrangem ents
The group accrues for bonus arrangements when there exists a contractual obligation, or past practice has created a constructive obligation.
Provisions
Provisions for environmental restoration, dismantling costs, restructuring activities and legal claims are recognised when the group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, an outflow of resources is more likely than not to be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
Restructuring provisions comprise mainly employee termination payments. Restructuring costs are costs which are not related to the ongoing operations. This includes for example severance (redundancy) payments, early retirement or other arrangements for employees leaving the company, external costs relating to coaching, counselling and assistance finding new jobs, or external costs to lawyers and legal advisors in relation to the de-manning process, and lease termination penalties. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
