The group performs periodic tests to assess whether there has been a decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE. These are written down to their recoverable amount when the recoverable amount is lower than the assets carrying value. The recoverable amount from assets or cash-generating units is determined by calculating the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash-generating unit. Calculation of value in use requires use of estimates.
NORSKE SKOG GROUP NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCO UNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued)
The group's cash-generating units are Europe newsprint, Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)), Australasia newsprint, South America newsprint, Norske Skog Saugbrugs magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)), Norske Skog Parenco magazine paper (NorCal), Norske Skog Folium magazine paper and Norske Skog Singburi newsprint. Norske Skog Parenco was included in the cash-generating unit Europe newsprint up to and including the second quarter of 2011. In recent years, production at the mill has gradually been converted from newsprint to magazine paper. For 2011, the bulk of production consisted of magazine paper (NorCal). Since Norske Skog Parenco is the only mill in the group producing this magazine paper quality, it is included as a separate cash-generating unit.
The capitalised value of intangible assets and PPE within the cash-generating units is measured against the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within these units. A possible future change in the composition of the group's cash-generating units could mean changes in the value in use within cash-generating units, which could in turn mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
Calculating the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within the cash-generating units is based on estimated discounted cash flows. Cash flow is estimated individually for up to ten years for each cash-generating unit based on expected economic life. Sales prices and prices for input factors are based on short-term forecasts in the first two years and long-term price prognoses thereafter. The estimated value of operations exceeding ten years is assessed as a terminal value based on the industry average for Enterprise Value / EBITDA, adjusted for the individual asset's technical state and cash-flow horizon.
The prognosis for long-term prices is an estimated equilibrium price level which the least cost-efficient mills in the industry need in order to survive an economic cycle. Only the capacity necessary to meet market requirements is included in the analysis. For paper prices, this is supported by analysis of the marginal producers' means to survive which is affected by elements of cost as well as the market balance. Budgeted figures and long-term prices that have been applied when determining future cash flows might change. Changes in these factors will have the effect of altering the value of cash flows and thereby also the value in use within the cash-generating units. Significant changes in prognoses and long-term prices could accordingly mean a future fall in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
The required rate of return applied when discounting future cash flows is crucial for the calculated value of intangible assets and PPE. A future increase in the required rate of return when discounting future cash flows will reduce value in use and could in turn mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
b ) A n n u a l a s s e s s m e n t o f th e re m a in in g e c o n o m ic life o f P P E
