F-235
3. OPERATING SEGMENTS Reportable segments The group is divided into three operating segments: newsprint, magazine paper and energy. The segment selection is based on the product and on the organisational structure used in the group's internal performance measurement and resource allocation. The newsprint segment is further divided into two geographical regions. At the end of 2011, Norske Skog had 14 fully or partly owned paper mills on four continents. Two of the mills produce only magazine paper, three produce both magazine paper and newsprint and nine produce newsprint only. Norske Skog Parenco was included within the operating segment for newsprint, up to and including the third quarter of 2011. From the fourth quarter of 2011, the mill is included within the operating segment for magazine paper, since production at the mill has in recent years been gradually converted from newsprint to magazine paper. The bulk of production at the mill is now magazine paper (NorCal). Both the newsprint and the magazine paper segment represent an aggregation of the paper machines in the group producing the two paper qualities.
N ew sp rin t
The newsprint segment encompasses production and sale of paper qualities which, measured in grammes per square meter, will normally be in the range 40-57 g/m 2. These paper qualities are for instance used in newspapers, and advertising materials.
M ag azin e p a p e r
The magazine paper segment encompasses production and sale of the paper qualities super calendered (SC), machine finished coated (MFC), light weight coated (LWC) and NorCal. These paper qualities are for instance used in magazines, periodicals, catalogs and brochures.
E n e rg y
The energy segment includes purchase and sale of energy for the group's mills in Norway, sale of excess energy in the spot market and the fair value of certain energy contracts and em bedded derivatives in energy contracts. The sale of energy to the mills and in the spot market is reported as Operating revenue in the energy segment, while changes in fair value of energy contracts and em bedded derivatives are reported as Other gains and losses.
O th e r activities
