Norske Skog owns forests in Australia and Brazil. These assets are valued at fair value less estimated point-of-sale costs. Changes in value are reported in the income statement line Other gains and losses. Machinery and equipment is depreciated over a period from ten to 25 years. Buildings and other property are depreciated over a period from ten to 40 years. Fixtures and fittings are depreciated over a period from three to ten years. Land and plant under construction are not depreciated.
Non-current assets held for sale
In the second quarter of 2010, Norske Skog initiated a sales process for some of the group's non-production related properties in Norway. The assets had a carrying value of NOK 139 million at 31 Decem ber 2010 and were reclassified from Property, plant and equipment to Other current assets, in accordance with IFRS 5 N o n - c u r r e n t A s s e ts H e ld fo r S a le a n d D is c o n t in u e d O p e ra tio n s . The assets were classified as part of other activities in the segment reporting. The sale was completed in 2011. Norske Skog does not have any non-current assets held for sale per 31 Decem ber 2011.
Assumptions applied when calculating the recoverable amount
PPE and intangible non-current assets are written down to their recoverable amount when this is lower than the carrying value of the asset. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is the present value of future cash flows expected to arise from an asset or cash-generating unit. From the third quarter of 2011, Norske Skog started to use an adjusted present value model (APV) for calculating the present value of future cash flows. The reason for this is that the present value model (NPV) used previously is not very well suited to assess the value of assets in companies with poorer credit rating than B B B+ or A - 3 .
Nominal cash flow is estimated in the currency in which it will be generated. In the adjusted present value model, the value is calculated by discounting based on a required rate of return on equity that is relevant for the cash-generating unit or the individual asset. The required rate of return is based on the interest rate on ten year government bonds in the currency of the cash flow estimate. This is adjusted for a specific operational risk relevant to Norske Skog, uncertainty in the estimated cash flow and, in certain instances, a country-specific risk premium relevant to the cash-generating unit or individual asset.
W hen calculating value in use at the end of 2011, the discount rate after tax was in the interval from 8.6% to 12.4% (7.7% to 10.8% in 2010, but then calculated as a weighted average cost of capital). The calculations are based on cash flow and the required rate of return after tax. Net present value of future cash flows after tax is adjusted for tax effects to arrive at the value in use when assessing impairment.
W hen calculating value in use, the group is divided into the following cash-generating units: Europe newsprint, Europe magazine paper (light weight coated (LWC)), Australasia newsprint, South America newsprint, Norske Skog Saugbrugs magazine paper (super-calendered (SC)), Norske Skog Parenco magazine paper (NorCal), Norske Skog Follum magazine paper and Norske Skog Singburi newsprint. Norske Skog Parenco was part of the cash-generating unit Europe newsprint, up to and including the second quarter of 2011. In recent years, production at the mill has gradually been converted from newsprint to magazine paper. For 2011, the bulk of the production consists of magazine paper (NorCal). Since Norske Skog Parenco is the only mill in the group producing this magazine paper quality, it has been included as a separate cash-generating unit from the third quarter. In cases where several mills are part of a cash-generating unit, this is because production can be moved between the mills, based on what gives best profitability for the group as a whole.
F-242
