F-249
8. FINANCIAL RISK AND HEDGE ACCO UNTING (Continued)
At 31 Decem ber 2011, if NOK had appreciated ten per cent against all currencies to which the group has significant exposure, net profit after tax from financial instruments would have been NOK 464 million higher (NOK 259 million higher at 31 Decem ber 2010). If NOK had depreciated by ten per cent at 31 Decem ber 2011 against all currencies to which the group has significant exposure, net profit after tax from financial instruments would have been NOK 503 million lower (n O k 361 million lower at 31 Decem ber 2010). Net profit after tax is affected in a non-linear manner due to changes in the fair value of options. The effect of the sensitivity analysis on the income statement is mainly caused by changes in fair value of derivatives designated as rolling cash flow hedge, and foreign exchange gains/losses on the translation of EUR and USD denominated debt for which there is no hedge accounting. Due to the fact that the portion of debt has increased in relation to the portion of cash, the effect on the income statement is larger in 2011 compared to 2010.
Given a ten per cent appreciation/depreciation of NOK, equity would have been NOK 378 million higher/ lower (NOK 560 million higher/lower at 31 Decem ber 2010) as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses on financial instruments designated as net investment hedges. The sensitivity on equity excludes the effects from the sensitivity on the income statement, calculated above.
c) Com m odity risk
A major part of Norske Skog's global commodity dem and is secured through long-term contracts. Norske Skog only uses financial instruments to a limited extent to hedge these contracts. The hedging ratio represents a trade-off between risk exposure and the opportunity to take advantage of short-term price drops in the spot market. Hedging levels are regulated through mandates approved by the board of directors.
Some of Norske Skog's purchase and sales contracts are defined as financial instruments, or contain em bedded derivatives, which fall within the scope of IAS 39. These financial instruments and em bedded derivatives are measured in the balance sheet at fair value with value changes recognised through profit or loss. Commodity contracts are either financial contracts for the purpose of trading or hedging, or physical commodity contracts that are not for the purpose of own use. The em bedded derivatives are common in physical commodity contracts and comprise a wide variety of derivative characteristics.
Changes in fair value of commodity contracts reflect unrealised gains or losses and are calculated as the difference between market price and contract price, discounted to present value. Some commodity contracts are bilateral contracts or em bedded derivatives in bilateral contracts, for which there exists no active market. Hence, valuation techniques, with the use of available market information, are used as much as possible. Techniques that reflect how the market could be expected to price instruments are used in non-observable markets.
Norske Skog's portfolio of commodity contracts consists mostly of physical energy contracts. Fair value of commodity contracts is therefore especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of em bedded derivatives in physical contracts depends on currency and price index fluctuations.
