Liquidity risk management
In order to manage future liquidity risk, we forecast both short-term and long-term cash flows. Cash flow forecasts include cash flows stemming from operations, investments, asset sales, financing activities and financial instruments.
Liquidity
Historically, our principal source of liquidity has been our operating cash flows, committed credit facilities asset sales and issuances of debt securities. In recent periods, our operating cash flows have not been sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements. For the year ended December 31, 2013 and the nine months ended September 30, 2014, our net cash flow from operating activities was NOK 68 million and NOK (224) million, respectively. In addition, during 2013 we reduced the size of and subsequently canceled, our committed revolving credit facility, which we partly replaced with a securitization facility at our Norwegian mills. We have supplemented our liquidity needs with asset dispositions and the
80
establishment of factoring and securitization facilities. We have also obtained government grants and loans in connection with certain of our capital expenditures projects. We will use the proceeds from the Offering of the Temporary Notes to address a portion of the short-term and medium-term maturities of the Parent's Existing Notes, for working capital purposes and to pay the fees and expenses associated with the Transactions. The outstanding Existing Notes mature in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2033.
We believe that our expected operating cash flows, together with available borrowings, cash on hand and the proceeds from this Offering, will be adequate to meet our working capital requirements, anticipated capital expenditures and scheduled interest and principal payments on our indebtedness during 2015. While the Offering of the Temporary Notes and the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations will extend the maturities of a significant portion of our indebtedness, such transactions will also result in significantly higher interest costs. There can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient operating cash flows or proceeds from asset dispositions, or that future debt and equity financing will be available to us in an amount sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. The Parent's auditors, Ernst & Young, have informed us that, in their view, our financial statements for the third quarter of 2014 do not contain required disclosures addressing the going concern uncertainty as the Parent, in their opinion, needs profit improvement and/or reduction of debt/refinancing/new equity in order to continue its operations. The Parent's Board of Directors authorized for issuance the Consolidated Financials Statements on October 22, 2014, and noted in the Directors' Report for the Third Quarter of 2014 that the Board has full focus on the Parent's upcoming bond maturity in October 2015 and is considering several options. As discussed in this section of the listing particulars, we will use the proceeds from the Offering of the Temporary Notes to (among other things) address a portion of the short-term and medium-term maturities of the Parent's Existing Notes (including through the Proposed Exchange Offers) and for working capital purposes. We believe that the potential significant risks to our liquidity include:  a reduction in operating cash flows due to a decline in the profitability of our business, which could
be due to downturns in our performance, the publication paper industry in Europe or Australasia or general economic conditions;  if the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations are not consummated, our short-term and medium-term maturity indebtedness will require us to repay U.S.$158.2 million, 129.6 million and 388.5 million in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, including maturities in 2016 and 2017; and  a reduction in sales or gross operating earnings due to our inability to successfully manage working capital and attain further operational cost savings. If our future operating cash flows and other capital resources (including availability under our factoring and securitization facilities) are insufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to:  reduce or delay our capital expenditures;  close or curtail operations at our mills and further reduce our sales and overhead staffs;  dispose of assets;  obtain additional debt or equity capital; or  refinance all or a portion of our debt. There can be no assurance that we would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms. In addition, the terms of our debt, including the Notes and our outstanding Existing Notes, limit, and any future debt may limit, our ability to pursue any of these alternatives.
81
