NOK 13 million in 2011. Over time, currency losses or earnings are expected to offset increased or reduced future gross operating earnings.
As of December 31, 2013, if the NOK had appreciated 10% against all currencies to which we have significant exposure, net profit after tax from financial instruments would have been NOK 265 million higher (NOK 292 million higher as of December 31,2012 and NOK 464 million higher as of December 31, 2011). If the NOK had depreciated by 10% as of December 31,2013 against all currencies to which we have significant exposure, net profit after tax from financial instruments would have been NOK 285 million lower (NOK 292 million lower as of December 31, 2012 and NOK 503 million lower as of December 31,2011). Net profit after tax is affected in a non-linear manner due to changes in fair value of options. The effect of the sensitivity analysis on our income statement is mainly caused by changes in fair value of derivatives designated as rolling cash flow hedge, and foreign exchange gains/losses on the translation of Euro and U.S. dollar denominated debt for which there is no hedge accounting. Due to the fact that the portion of debt decreased in relation to the portion of cash, the effect on the income statement was lower in 2013 compared to 2012.
Given a 10% appreciation/depreciation of the Norwegian kroner, equity would have been NOK 189 million higher/lower (NOK 180 million higher/lower as of December 31, 2012 and NOK 378 million higher/lower as of December 31, 2011) as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses on financial instruments designated as net investment hedges.
The sensitivity analysis on equity excludes the effects from the above-calculated sensitivity analysis on our income statement.
Commodity risk
A major part of our global commodity demand, primarily energy, is purchased through long-term contracts. We only use financial instruments to a small degree to hedge these contracts. The hedging ratio represents a trade-off between risk exposure and the opportunity to take advantage of short-term price drops in the spot market. Hedging levels are regulated through mandates approved by the Board of Directors.
Certain of our purchase and sales contracts are derivatives, or contain embedded derivatives, which fall within the scope of IAS 39. These derivatives are measured in our balance sheet at fair value with value changes recognized through profit or loss. Commodity contracts are either financial contracts for the purpose of trading or hedging, or physical commodity contracts that are not for the purpose of our own use. The embedded derivatives are common in physical commodity contracts and comprise a wide variety of derivative characteristics.
Changes in fair value of commodity contracts reflect unrealized gains or losses and are calculated as the difference between market price and contract price discounted to present value. Some commodity contracts are bilateral contracts or embedded derivatives in bilateral contracts, for which there exists no active market. Hence, valuation techniques which use available market information are used as much as possible. In the absence of observable market information, valuation techniques that reflect how the market could be expected to price instruments are used.
Our portfolio of commodity contracts consists mostly of physical energy contracts. Fair value of commodity contracts is therefore especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of embedded derivatives in physical contracts depends on currency and price index fluctuations.
