The capitalized value of intangible assets and PPE within the cash-generating units is measured against the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within these units. A possible future change in the com position of our cash-generating units could mean changes in the value in use within cash-generating units, which could, in turn, mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and tangible fixed assets.
88
to exhibit a decline in real terms and variable costs are assumed to decline in real terms, with lower demand for input factors due to a shrinking industry.
The estimation of recoverable amount is based on assumptions regarding the future development of several factors. These include price development for finished goods, sales volumes, currency rates and interest rates. This means that there will be uncertainty when it comes to the outcome of the calculations. We perform sensitivity analyses using the variables mentioned above to predict how fluctuations will impact recoverable amount. In relation to the assumptions made in the calculation of the present value of future cash flows, recoverable amount is most sensitive to changes in prices of finished goods, sales volumes and the discount rate used. Changes in these factors will have the effect of altering the value of cash flows and thereby also the value in use within the cash-generating units. Significant changes in prognoses and long-term prices could accordingly mean a future fall in the value of intangible assets and tangible fixed assets.
The required rate of return applied when discounting future cash flows is crucial for the calculated value of intangible assets and PPE. A future increase in the required return when discounting future cash flows will reduce value in use and could, in turn, mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
Fair value of derivatives and other financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques. We use our judgment to select a variety of methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date.
The contracts are recognized in our balance sheet in accordance with IAS 39, which means that the value consists of the difference between the estimated market price and contract price over the contract period, discounted to present value. If the market for contracts is not active, we apply valuation techniques to establish the fair value. These include the use of recent arm's length transactions, reference to other instruments which are substantially the same, and discounted cash flow analyses.
The value can fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to changes in expected future energy prices, and is also affected by changes in exchange rates, price indices and the discount rate used.
