In Australasia, we recently completed the conversion of one paper machine at our Boyer mill in Tasmania to enable the production of coated mechanical paper. This conversion has enabled us to diversify our regional product mix from newsprint. We are the sole local producer of newsprint and have integrated extensively with our customers' businesses, including, for example, through warehouse and inventory management, integrated supply chain processes, local support and other logistics services. We have long-term contracts with our two largest customers maturing in 2020, which provide us with strong revenue visibility. In addition, we are well-integrated within our customers' value chain due to our provision of warehousing services for newsprint customers and other logistical services. We believe that this integration provides value-added services that make us a strong preferred supplier.
The combination of our cost competitive assets, the strategic location of our mills and a stable supply of energy and raw materials provides us with an efficient cost position.
E c o n o m ie s o f s c a le
We benefit from economies of scale in Europe, where the scale of our Saugbrugs, Skogn and Golbey mills enables us to have low production costs per ton. Our mills are well-positioned to reflect demand for the high value types of paper they produce. Our mix of newsprint and magazine production capabilities within our mills provides us with considerable operational synergies and flexibility. In addition, we have a long-standing continuous cost improvement program and have successfully reduced a number of our operating costs, streamlined our production processes and increased the efficiency of our mills.
E ffic ie n t p ro d u c t d is trib u tio n
The favorable location of our mills enables us to achieve low delivered costs in our markets. In Europe, our mills are located adjacent to waterways or seaports and benefit from lower transportation costs of both inbound raw materials and outbound distribution of our finished products. In Australasia, we are the sole domestic newsprint and magazine paper producer, which provides us with a significant cost advantage over imports, and our mills are located in close proximity to the populated areas in the region.
S ta b le s u p p ly s o u rc in g
Our long-term contracts for energy and favorable sources of wood provide us with stable sources of supply for our most significant energy and raw material requirements. Most of our electricity requirements, our single largest expense item, are purchased under long-term contracts. We have long-term contracts in place that cover substantially all of the electricity requirements for our mills in Norway, and a significant portion of the electricity requirements for our other European operations. Our Australian and New Zealand mills likewise have long-term electricity contracts in place, and our Tasman mill also operates a geothermal energy plant that we commissioned in the first quarter of 2013. In addition, we have long-term contracts for supplies of wood to our Australasian operations and we have long-standing relationships with suppliers in Norway, as we are the country's largest buyer of pulp wood. The relative stability provided by our effective supply contracting and our relationships with reliable suppliers permits strong visibility in relation to costs and shields our operations from electricity and fiber cost fluctuations.
Proven track record of operational streamlining and delivery on current initiatives
