Our long-term contracts for energy and favorable sources of wood provide us with stable sources of supply for our most significant energy and raw material requirements. Most of our electricity requirements, our single largest expense item, are purchased under long-term contracts. We have long-term contracts in place that cover substantially all of the electricity requirements for our mills in Norway, and a significant portion of the electricity requirements for our other European operations. Our Australian and New Zealand mills likewise have long-term electricity contracts in place, and our Tasman mill also operates a geothermal energy plant that we commissioned in the first quarter of 2013. In addition, we have long-term contracts for supplies of wood to our Australasian operations and we have long-standing relationships with suppliers in Norway, as we are the country's largest buyer of pulp wood. The relative stability provided by our effective supply contracting and our relationships with reliable suppliers permits strong visibility in relation to costs and shields our operations from electricity and fiber cost fluctuations.
We have responded to long-term structural decreases in demand with the closure of several of our machines and mills, such as our Union and Follum mills in Norway and our Steti mill in the Czech Republic, between 2006 and 2012. In 2013, we closed one of the two machines at our Tasman mill in New Zealand and one of the two machines at our Walsum mill in Germany. In total, we have reduced production capacity by more than 50% since December 31,2005, from 6.9 million tons to 3.0 million tons as of September 30, 2014. These actions have significantly reduced our cost base. We have also reduced our fixed costs through headcount reductions and have increased our capital efficiency through the disposal of non-core assets, certain less competitive operations and mills outside of our core geographical regions of Europe and Australasia. These include two mills in South Korea, two mills in China, one mill in Brazil, one mill in Chile, one mill in the Netherlands and one mill in Thailand.
102
In response to structural changes in demand and in order to seize a market opportunity within magazine paper, we have also converted production capacity from newsprint to magazine paper. Following a NOK 500 million (60 million) investment, our Boyer mill in Australia now produces coated mechanical paper on one converted machine, making it the sole domestic magazine paper producer in Australasia. Our ability to switch production has enabled us to better adapt to changes in demand between different paper products by reducing production capacity for products that have experienced reduced demand, and by increasing production capacity for products with increased demand. In addition, we have invested more than NOK 200 million (25 million) in a TMP plant at our Saugbrugs mill, resulting in significant reduction of energy consumption in our fiber production at that mill, which has also enabled us to expand our product portfolio to new uncoated mechanical segments.
We continue to focus on the implementation of a variety of improvement initiatives and the identification of new sources of efficiency. We achieved total cost reductions of NOK 351 million (45 million) during the nine months ended September 30, 2014. Some of our most successful ongoing improvement initiatives include operational and logistical enhancements at our Saugbrugs, Golbey and Albury mills as a result of reduced usage of chemicals and improved energy balance.
Attractive free cash flow generation
Over the past four years, we have continued to maintain strong cash flows prior to reflecting our debt service payments despite industry revenue declines. We have been able to bolster our cash flow generation by reducing our fixed cost base, improving our management of working capital and selectively selling assets.
Our strong focus on working capital management has resulted in an efficient and industry-leading working capital management system, as reflected by our reduced inventories and improved control of accounts receivable. We have reduced our working capital positions from NOK 2,094 million (270 million) as of December 31, 2011 to NOK 769 million (92 million) as of December 31, 2013.
We believe that we have completed our major development capital expenditures and do not anticipate any substantial development investment programs in the near to medium-term. In recent years, maintenance capital expenditure requirements at our eight mills have remained relatively low and manageable, with capital expenditures of NOK 150 million (20 million) and NOK 151 million (19 million) for the years ended December 31,2012 and 2013, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2014, we spent NOK 112 million (14 million) on maintenance capital expenditures. In addition, we have completed various one-time restructuring initiatives that negatively impacted our cash flows in recent years.
