Our strong focus on working capital management has resulted in an efficient and industry-leading working capital management system, as reflected by our reduced inventories and improved control of accounts receivable. We have reduced our working capital positions from NOK 2,094 million (270 million) as of December 31, 2011 to NOK 769 million (92 million) as of December 31, 2013.
The combination of our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, efficient management of working capital and the sale of certain assets has contributed to our strong free cash flow generation. In particular, cash conversion, which is defined as EBITDA less changes in working capital and gross capital expenditures divided by EBITDA, was 44%, 98% and 58% for the years ended December 31,2011,2012 and 2013, respectively, and 80% for the twelve months ended September 30, 2014. Furthermore, we believe the completion of our development capital expenditures and one-time restructuring programs will position us to benefit from attractive cash flow conversion going forward. Excluding development capital expenditures, such as investments in our Boyer and Tasman mills, our cash conversion for the years ended December 31,2011,2012 and 2013 would have been 52%, 120% and 103%, respectively, and 102% for the twelve months ended September 30, 2014.
Strong collateral
The Senior Secured Notes benefit from robust credit support, which include senior Guarantees from our primary subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors), the parent companies of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer (the Parent Guarantors) and Security Interests over our principal revenue generating assets or security over the shares in the entities that own such revenue generating assets. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Guarantors generated 108% of the Group's consolidated EBITDA, and as of December 31,2014, held 89% of the Group's total assets, defined as total assets from all Group entities minus intercompany receivables and intercompany shares. Senior Secured Noteholders received share pledges over the issued share capital of each of Norske Treindustrier AS, the Exchange Notes Issuer, the Senior Secured Notes Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, Norske Skog Walsum GmbH and Lysaker Invest AS. In addition, subject to the exclusion of certain assets and subject to certain prior-ranking security interests in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles, the Senior Secured Notes are
103
secured by Security Interests to be granted under a general security deed (the equivalent of a fixed and floating charge) over the assets held by the Australian Guarantors and the New Zealand Guarantor which, for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, generated 33.1% of the Group's consolidated EBITDA, and as of September 30, 2014, held 34.3% of the Group's total assets. In addition, the Senior Secured Notes are secured by all intercompany loans and receivables (excluding receivables relating to the Parent Guarantor's cash pooling arrangements) owed to the Parent Guarantors or any Excluded Entity by the Senior Secured Notes Issuer or by the restricted subsidiaries of the Senior Secured Notes Issuer.
Execution-focused management team with relevant experience
We believe that our senior management team has the relevant experience to execute our strategy. Each of our regional management teams has an average tenure of 15 years at the Parent. We believe that we benefit from the experience and industry know-how of our senior corporate management team and the production know-how of the respective mill management teams, who have relevant experience in the global publication paper industry. In addition to experience in the publication paper industry globally, our corporate management team also has management experience from other commodities businesses. We maintain a flat and lean decentralized decision-making structure, which allows our local management teams to manage their day-to-day operations based on local market dynamics.
Strategy
