We believe that our senior management team has the relevant experience to execute our strategy. Each of our regional management teams has an average tenure of 15 years at the Parent. We believe that we benefit from the experience and industry know-how of our senior corporate management team and the production know-how of the respective mill management teams, who have relevant experience in the global publication paper industry. In addition to experience in the publication paper industry globally, our corporate management team also has management experience from other commodities businesses. We maintain a flat and lean decentralized decision-making structure, which allows our local management teams to manage their day-to-day operations based on local market dynamics.
The key elements of our strategy are as follows:
Defend our leading position in the publication paper industry in Europe and Australasia
With a leading position in both newsprint and magazine paper in Europe and Australasia, we are well-positioned to leverage our existing customer relationships. We believe we are a stable supplier of newsprint in Europe where we sell our products to some of the region's leading paper consumers, including financial printing operations, drop advertisement producers such as Bertelsmann Group (MOHN Media Mohndruck GmbH), Lidl Stiftung & Co. KG and Carrefour Procurement International and major news publishers such as News International Ltd. in the United Kingdom, RCS Media Group SpA in Italy, Axel Springer SE in Germany and Schibsted Trykk Oslo AS in Norway. We are the sole producer of publication paper in Australia and New Zealand and we are working to diversify our revenues. We aim to be the producer of choice for quality newsprint and magazine paper products in the European and Australasian markets, while maintaining and improving our position as a high-quality producer with a competitive cost base.
Continue proactive capacity management
We will continue to manage our production capacity in order to adjust to market developments proactively. In Europe, we have strategically reduced or converted capacity over the past three years, including, for example, our Follum and Parenco operations, to increase the operating margins of our continuing business. We will continue to monitor our asset base and market developments and consider measures to address our less competitive capacity. In Australasia, in line with the closure of one machine at our Tasman mill in 2013 and the conversion of one of our two newsprint machines at the Boyer mill in Australia to magazine paper production in 2014, we will continue our business system optimization in order to produce products where it is most cost-effective to do so.
Continue to strengthen business model
We will continue to invest in improvements to reduce costs and improve efficiency and quality. In Europe, we plan to invest in higher quality grades of newsprint products and focus on the extension of our product portfolio into selected new end use segments within publication paper as well as improve production mix quality at our Skogn mill. In Australasia, we are benefiting from our recent diversification to magazine paper production and we will leverage our new cost competitive position in magazine paper and our well-developed logistical system to serve export markets for newsprint.
Address capital structure and achieve stability
