We will continue to invest in improvements to reduce costs and improve efficiency and quality. In Europe, we plan to invest in higher quality grades of newsprint products and focus on the extension of our product portfolio into selected new end use segments within publication paper as well as improve production mix quality at our Skogn mill. In Australasia, we are benefiting from our recent diversification to magazine paper production and we will leverage our new cost competitive position in magazine paper and our well-developed logistical system to serve export markets for newsprint.
We intend to use the proceeds from the Offering to address a portion of our immediate and medium-term debt maturities through the implementation of the Proposed Exchange Offers. We will strive to reduce
104
leverage in the medium-term to achieve a long-term sustainable capital structure. By reducing the amount of operational earnings committed to debt repayment obligations, we hope to achieve greater operational stability that will provide a basis for future sustained profitability.
Carefully evaluate future consolidation opportunities We believe our industry needs to continue to better align capacity with demand, which we anticipate will be realized by industry consolidation in Europe. We will continue to evaluate selective opportunities to enhance our strategic and cost positions. However, any potential transaction will be structured with a focus on credit enhancement via careful evaluation of appropriate financing sources and terms.
Our History and Development We were founded in 1962 by the Norwegian forest owners' association in cooperation with private and public interests. In 1966, we commenced production of newsprint at our first paper machine, a fully integrated newsprint mill located in Skogn in Norway and, by 1989, after a period of industry consolidation, we became the sole Norwegian publication paper producer. During the 1990s, we began to expand our operations outside Norway and in other parts of Europe. Since 1999, through various acquisitions, we have become a global publication paper company. While expanding our operations, we also refocused them, selling off operating units involved in manufacturing other paper grades, chemical pulp and building materials to concentrate on our core area of publication papers. In more recent periods, in order to maintain sustainable prices for our products affected by industry-wide excess capacity, as well as reduce our operating costs, we have selectively reduced capacity through shutdowns and divesting certain assets. From 2006 to date, we engaged in several reorganizations in order to reduce debt and strengthen our balance sheet. We shut down or sold several of our mills, particularly in Asia, to address severely underperforming assets where we saw little potential. In 2012 and 2013, we sold our Parenco mill in the Netherlands and our mills in Brazil and Thailand and closed down one machine at the Walsum mill. In addition, our share in the sales offices of Norske Skog Czech & Slovak Republic spol.s r.o (Czech Republic) and Norske Skog Polska Sp.z o.o. (Poland) were sold in June 2014.
Reinvestment Projects In the first half of 2014, we completed significant reinvestment projects at two of our facilities. At our Saugbrugs site in Norway we upgraded our onsite pulping equipment and invested in a new TMP plant, which will reduce the consumption of energy and chemical pulp at that mill. As a result, we have streamlined our operations at Saugbrugs, which we believe will result in decreased operational expenses and reduced recurring fixed costs. The modernization will also allow for reduced property taxes and improved staffing. In Australasia, our Boyer mill conversion was completed in the first half of 2014 after we converted one of our newsprint machines to magazine paper production. We believe the conversion of one of our two newsprint machines to magazine paper production at the facility will ultimately result in higher margins going forward.
Our Products and Operations Publication paper We are a fully focused manufacturer of publication paper. Our product range consists of newsprint and magazine paper. We produce newsprint in standard and improved grades, for use in daily and free newspapers, inserts, directories and advertising supplements. We also produce two different types of magazine paper: uncoated super-calendared paper, or SC, and light-weight coated paper, or Lw C. Our magazine-grade paper is used primarily for commercial printing, magazines, advertising, direct mail, inserts, flyers and catalogs.
105
