Publication Paper Europe
In Europe, we have a total of five wholly-owned mills producing publication paper in Norway, France, Austria and Germany with a combined production capacity of 2,290,000 tons as of September 30, 2014, making us the third largest producer of publication paper in Europe by capacity. Newsprint and magazine production capacity in 2014 from our European mills totalled 1,300,000 tons and 990,000 tons, respectively.
R a w m ate ria ls
The principal raw materials we use in newsprint paper production are pulp made from wood or recovered paper from recycled newspapers and magazines. For magazine paper, we also use chemical pulp and coating chemicals, in addition to the pulp from wood. In Norway, we purchase wood mainly through annual contracts for both price and volume. For our Golbey, Bruck and Walsum mills, we obtain wood from a number of local suppliers with contract durations ranging from three months to one year, with a set price for the relevant period. The wood for Golbey and Walsum is sourced through a joint
107
venture purchasing company, Sapin, in which we and Sappi Limited each own a 50% share. The wood for Bruck is also sourced through a joint venture purchasing company, Papierholz Austria, in which we own a 7.5% share along with Sappi Austria (42.5%), Mondi Frantschach (25%) and Heinzel-Group Zellstoff Pols (25%).
Similarly, our recovered paper supplies are mainly sourced locally by the relevant mill. Our recovered paper supplies for the Golbey mill are sourced locally by the mill, both through direct agreement with communities and local collectors and national trading companies. Recovered paper for our Bruck mill is sourced through both a 100% owned company, Norske Skog Papier Recycling, and a joint venture purchasing company, Austria Papier Recycling GmbH, which is owned by us and two other Austrian mills, UPM Kymmene Austria and Laakirchen Paper, which is 100% owned by the Heinzl Group. For our Skogn mill in Norway, recovered paper is also primarily sourced locally in the same way, but supplemented with some imports from the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Purchase agreements for recovered paper for volume and price varies from monthly to one year, with a mix of fixed pricing and variable pricing adjusted with reference to market prices.
Chemical pulp for magazine production at our Saugbrugs, Bruck and Walsum mills is sourced both through a common group contract and by local suppliers. The contracts vary from one to three years and provide for monthly price adjustment, linked to the European reference prices for chemical pulp.
S ales a n d d is trib u tio n
