Australasia
3
In recent years, the import of publication paper into Australasia has been on a downward trend. Imports of newsprint decreased by 18.7% in 2012 and 9.2% in 2013, with no significant change in the nine months ended September 30, 2014 compared to the prior year period, while imports of coated mechanical decreased by 0.3% in 2012 and increased by 4.9% in 2013. For the nine months ended September 30, 2014, imports of coated mechanical declined by 20.9%. We believe this decrease in imports of newsprint and coated mechanical is, in part, the result of the conversion of one of the paper machines at our Boyer mill. As the sole producer in the region, we believe we have an advantage over our competitors who must incur transportation costs in order to access the market. According to PPPC, demand for coated mechanical declined by 12.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 compared to the prior year period, following an increase of 4.4% in 2013. Because demand for coated mechanical remains significantly higher than local capacity following the conversion of our paper machine at our Boyer mill, we believe utilization rates will remain high. The uncoated mechanical market is covered solely by imports.
Competitive and Credit Strengths
We believe that we benefit from the following competitive and credit strengths:
Strong market positions in Australasia and Europe
We are the sole producer of newsprint and magazine paper in Australasia, where we have a leading position in a concentrated newsprint and magazine paper market and compete only against imports. In Europe, we are the third largest producer of publication paper and we export products to North America, Asia and North Africa, which are our most important export destinations from Europe. Based on our global reach and our longstanding commitment to and experience in the publication paper segment, we believe we are a preferred supplier in Australasia and Europe.
Diversified revenue base with strong visibility
We benefit from significant revenue diversification across geographies, paper grades and customers. We also benefit from long-term relationships with customers and high client retention rates. We believe that our customer base, which includes large top tier publishing groups with strong balance sheets, recognizes the importance of having a sustainable and reliable source of publication paper. This dynamic provides us with considerable recurring business and revenue visibility.
