Chemical pulp for magazine production at our Saugbrugs, Bruck and Walsum mills is sourced both through a common group contract and by local suppliers. The contracts vary from one to three years and provide for monthly price adjustment, linked to the European reference prices for chemical pulp.
We sell publication paper to a large number of established and creditworthy customers, ranging from commercial printers and corporations such as Bertelsmann Group (Mohn Druck), Lidl and Carrefour, to publishers such as News International Ltd. in the United Kingdom, RCS Quotidiani SpA in Italy, Axel Springer AG in Germany and Schibsted in Norway.
The majority of our publication paper production is sold under fixed price contracts that include both fixed volume sales and sales as a percentage of our customers' requirements. Prior to 2011, our newsprint contracts were typically longer than the quarterly magazine contracts, with a term of one year and with pricing fixed at the beginning of the term for the entire year. However, beginning in 2011, we have negotiated mainly three month contracts with European newsprint customers, with subsequent quarterly price re-negotiations.
Our publication paper operations sell their products directly to our customers through a sales force based in the main European markets. Newsprint exports from our European operations are sold by our Oslo-based export department through sales agents and distributors outside of Europe. Export volumes contributed approximately 10% of total European newsprint sales as of September 30, 2014, with the main markets being Egypt, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, India and North Africa. Exports from our European magazine operations, which contributed approximately 25% of total European magazine sales as of September 30, 2014, are also sold by sales agents and distributors outside of Europe. Key export markets are, among others, the United States, Mexico and South Africa.
The European sales operation is organized around five sales hubs: London, Paris, Oslo, Augsburg and Milan. Each hub is responsible for sales activities in specified markets and consists of both order fulfilment teams and sales professionals. Sales opportunities are referred to product management professionals at the relevant mill that would fulfil the order, who then contract directly with the customer. All sales hubs handle both newsprint and magazine sales.
We have implemented customer service applications in order to integrate our products and operations into our customers' operations. In Europe, we provide administrative services including electronic on demand shipping, customs document transfer and tax notification, print program management for our retail customers and integrated marketing efforts. We also provide technical advice, instructing our clients on how to optimize their use of our products through different printing methods and equipment.
C o m pe titio n
The market for publication paper in Europe is highly competitive. According to PPPC, we currently provide 13% of newsprint, 6% of coated mechanical paper and 7% of uncoated mechanical paper capacity in Europe. Our principal competitors in Europe include UPM Kymmene Corporation, Stora Enso Oyj, Holmen AB, Cartiere Burgo SpA. Newsprint and magazine paper are generally subject to the same supply and demand trends, although newsprint is still approximately 80% consumed by newspapers and printed in cold set. However, a growing share of newsprint is being printed in heat set
108
