4
The favorable location of our mills enables us to achieve low delivered costs in our markets. In Europe, our mills are located adjacent to waterways or seaports and benefit from lower transportation costs of both inbound raw materials and outbound distribution of our finished products. In Australasia, we are the sole domestic newsprint and magazine paper producer, which provides us with a significant cost advantage over imports, and our mills are located in close proximity to the populated areas in the region.
Stable supply sourcing
Our long-term contracts for energy and favorable sources of wood provide us with stable sources of supply for our most significant energy and raw material requirements. Approximately 85% of our electricity requirements, our single largest expense item, are purchased under long-term contracts. We have long-term contracts in place that cover substantially all of the electricity requirements for our mills in Norway, and a significant portion of the electricity requirements for our other European operations. Our Australian and New Zealand mills likewise have long-term electricity contracts in place, and our Tasman mill also operates a geothermal energy plant that we commissioned in the first quarter of 2013. In addition, we have long-term contracts for supplies of wood to our Australasian operations and we have long-standing relationships with suppliers in Norway, as we are the country's largest buyer of pulp wood. The relative stability provided by our effective supply contracting and our relationships with reliable suppliers permits strong visibility in relation to costs and shields our operations from electricity and fiber cost fluctuations.
Proven track record of operational streamlining and delivery on current initiatives
We have responded to long-term structural decreases in demand with the closure of several of our machines and mills, such as our Union and Follum mills in Norway and our Steti mill in the Czech Republic, between 2006 and 2012. In 2013, we closed one of the two machines at our Tasman mill in New Zealand and one of the two machines at our Walsum mill in Germany. In total, we have reduced production capacity by more than 50% since December 31,2005, from 6.9 million tons to 3.0 million tons as of September 30, 2014. These actions have significantly reduced our cost base. We have also reduced our fixed costs through headcount reductions and have increased our capital efficiency through the disposal of non-core assets, certain less competitive operations and mills outside of our core geographical regions of Europe and Australasia. These include two mills in South Korea, two mills in China, one mill in Brazil, one mill in Chile, one mill in the Netherlands and one mill in Thailand.
In response to structural changes in demand and in order to seize a market opportunity within magazine paper, we have also converted production capacity from newsprint to magazine paper. Following a NOK 500 million (60 million) investment, our Boyer mill in Australia now produces coated mechanical paper on one converted machine, making it the sole domestic magazine paper producer in Australasia. Our ability to switch production has enabled us to better adapt to changes in demand between different paper products by reducing production capacity for products that have experienced reduced demand, and by increasing production capacity for products with increased demand. In addition, we have invested more than NOK 200 million (25 million) in a TMP plant at our Saugbrugs mill, resulting in significant reduction of energy consumption in our fiber production at that mill, which has also enabled us to expand our product portfolio to new uncoated mechanical segments.
We continue to focus on the implementation of a variety of improvement initiatives and the identification of new sources of efficiency. We achieved total cost reductions of NOK 351 million (45 million) during the nine months ended September 30, 2014. Some of our most successful ongoing improvement initiatives include operational and logistical enhancements at our Saugbrugs, Golbey and Albury mills as a result of reduced usage of chemicals and improved energy balance.
Attractive free cash flow generation
