an international, regional, national, provincial and local level is an important aspect of our ability to continue our operations.
As a result of the global geographic footprint of our mills, our production operations are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations. Further, as we principally operate in developed countries, such laws and regulations, compliance monitoring and enforcement are often stringent. We face the most rigorous environmental regulation in Europe and we aim for all our consolidated mills worldwide to operate in accordance with standards defined by the European Union.
The Industrial Emissions Directive 2010/75EU lays down rules on integrated prevention and control of pollution arising from industrial activities and the use of best available techniques (``BAT'') is a basic requirement of this directive. The EU Commission implementing decision of September 26, 2014 established the BAT conclusions under Directive 2010/75/EU for the production of pulp, paper and board. The BAT conclusions cover important areas including environmental management systems, waste management, waste water and emissions to water, energy consumption and efficiency. The national laws in the European countries in which we operate regulate waste disposal and place restrictions on land filling materials, which establish a preference for waste management methods of prevention, reuse and recycling. In Norway, Austria and Germany, only inert ash and slag from thermal recycling and incineration may be placed in landfill sites.
In addition, we are also subject to Regulation 1907/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of December 18, 2006 concerning the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals, which, although not directly applicable to pulp and paper, applies to a number of raw materials that we source and to certain intermediate substances in the pulp production processes. Under the EU Timber Regulation 995/2010 (``EUTR'') we are required to conduct due diligence in relation to our suppliers when placing timer or timber products on the EU market for the first time. Additionally, the EUTR requires economic operators in the sector to maintain supplier and customer records in order to facilitate tracing and transparency throughout the supply chain. The countries in which we own production facilities have all ratified the Kyoto Protocol relating to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, and we are subject to the national laws, which implement that Protocol. Further, as an operator in an energy intensive sector governed by the EU Emissions Trading Scheme we are obliged to comply with the cap and trade policy, which aids countries in meeting their commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, we are subject to Directive 2004/35/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 21, 2004 concerning environmental liability and the prevention and remedying of environmental damage. Directive 2004/35/EC aims to prevent and remedy the pollution of water, damage to biodiversity and land contamination that causes serious harm to human health. As an operator, if any of our activities causes environmental damage, we may be required under that Directive to restore damage caused and/or pay for the clean-up and restoration, irrespective of whether we were at fault in causing the damage.
We also comply with local and national law and regulations in each of the countries in which we operate. We believe that by requiring compliance by all of our operations worldwide with European Union regulation and standards, we facilitate substantial compliance in all of the jurisdictions in which we have operations.
The risk of substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in industrial operations, including the publication paper industry. The pulp and paper production process generates effluent containing organic compounds and nutrients, which can lead to eutrophication and a lack of oxygen in vulnerable water environments. Our mills therefore have external treatment plants to reduce our discharges into water. For example, at our Albury operations, Albury is permitted to discharge effluent containing salt into the Murray River under its licence with the Environment Protection Authority. However, the licence also requires Albury to undertake a Green Offset Scheme which involves the removal of an offset amount of salt from another part of the Murray River catchment area. All of our paper mills generate air emissions. The air emissions are mainly the result of energy production from the burning of biofuel and
118
fossil fuel. The main air emissions are sulphur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide and particulate (ash and dust), in addition to carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuel.
Particulate matter from boilers is the main cause of local emissions to the air from our paper mills. All the mills have filters that keep these emissions at very low levels. In 2007, we established a greenhouse gas reduction target of 25% by 2020 compared to 2006 levels. At the end of 2013, we reached a reduction of 27% of our greenhouse gas emissions. We may also engage in carbon emission units programs, under appropriate local legislation. For example, in Australia, we were issued with free permits to cover some of our carbon emissions under a carbon tax and emission trading scheme. This program was stopped by the Australian government on July 1,2014 and there is no certainty as to whether such a program would be implemented again in the future. If such a program were to be implemented, there is no certainty as to what form such program would take, or of the extent to which the Albury and/or Boyer mills would be affected by the program.
