The chair of the audit committee receives NOK 105,000 per year and NOK 6,800 for each audit committee meeting he attends. Other members of the audit committee receive NOK 68,000 per year and NOK 6,800 for each audit committee meeting they attend.
No remuneration is disbursed to our employees for Board of Directors positions in Group companies. Likewise, remuneration for elected positions in companies where we own an interest falls to the Parent. The same applies to cases where employees have been elected to these positions as a result of their position within the Group.
Corporate management
The remuneration committee recommends the salary and other terms for the Chief Executive Officer, and the principles for stipulating salaries and any bonus or other incentive schemes for the corporate management, to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors stipulates the remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer and the principles for the remuneration of the corporate management, with the goal that compensation to, and remuneration of, executive employees shall contribute to the long-term creation of value for shareholders. Guidelines and principles for stipulating the salaries of executive employees and performance-related incentive schemes, as well as an account of the executive salary policy for the previous fiscal year, are subject to special consideration by the General Meeting.
124
SHARE CAPITAL AND SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
Share Capital
The ordinary shares of the Parent have been listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange since 1976. As of December 31, 2014, the share capital was NOK 189,945,626, divided into 189,945,626 shares with a nominal value of NOK 1. The Parent does not have any other classes of share capital. All shares have equal rights. As of December 31,2014, the Parent held 310 of its shares as treasury shares. The Board of Directors of the Parent is authorized to increase the Parent's share capital by up to NOK 94,972,763 (constituting approximately 50% of the outstanding shares as of December 31,2014), by way of new share issuance. We do not currently have in issue any convertible debt securities, exchangeable debt securities or debt securities with warrants attached. The share capital is fully paid up.
Principal Shareholders
