Pursuant to the factoring agreements, each of the subsidiaries is obliged, during the term of the applicable factoring agreement, to immediately and continually (on a daily basis) transfer any and all eligible receivables (as specified in each of the factoring agreements) to SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS. The factoring agreements are entered into on a limited recourse basis, which means that SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS will only have the right to seek recovery under the receivables transferred to SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS from time to time during the term of the factoring agreements, and will not have the right to recover directly from Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS, respectively, or any of their assets, with respect to any outstanding credit owed under the purchased receivables.
The maximum overall factoring amount under each factoring agreement is NOK 250 million. Outstanding amounts at any given time reflect the sum of all advances (financing) paid out by SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS for outstanding receivables due to the respective participating subsidiary as well as any payable debits credited to such subsidiaries' account made by SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS.
127
Credit Agricole Facilities
On April 11,2014, Norske Skog Golbey S.A. entered into a non-recourse receivables factoring facility agreement with Credit Agricole Leasing & Factoring for a maximum aggregate amount of EUR 40 million. This factoring facility was extended for an initial period of three years at an interest rate equal to threemonth EURIBOR plus a margin. It is secured by a cash deposit equal at any time to 8% of the outstanding amount of transferred receivables. The servicing of the transferred receivables is undertaken by Norske Skog Golbey S.A.
This factoring facility contains customary undertakings and customary termination events.
Eurofactor AG Facilities
On September 8, 2014, Norske Skog Bruck GmbH entered into a non-recourse silent factoring agreement with Eurofactor AG. The term of the factoring agreement ends on April 30, 2017, with automatic prolongation for an indefinite period of time in case no notice is given until October 31,2016.
Pursuant to the agreement, Norske Skog Bruck GmbH is obliged to immediately and continually offer for purchase any and all receivables from deliveries or services towards any of its debtors located in specified jurisdictions to Eurofactor AG, with the latter being obliged under certain conditions to accept and subsequently to purchase the offered receivables. Certain customers of Norske Skog Bruck GmbH are explicitly excluded from the factoring arrangement.
