With a leading position in both newsprint and magazine paper in Europe and Australasia, we are well-positioned to leverage our existing customer relationships. We believe we are a stable supplier of newsprint in Europe where we sell our products to some of the region's leading paper consumers, including financial printing operations, drop advertisement producers such as Bertelsmann Group (MOHN Media Mohndruck GmbH), Lidl Stiftung & Co. KG and Carrefour Procurement International and major news publishers such as News International Ltd. in the United Kingdom, RCS Media Group SpA in Italy, Axel Springer SE in Germany and Schibsted Trykk Oslo AS in Norway. We are the sole producer of publication paper in Australia and New Zealand and we are working to diversify our revenues. We aim to be the producer of choice for quality newsprint and magazine paper products in the European and Australasian markets, while maintaining and improving our position as a high-quality producer with a competitive cost base.
We will continue to manage our production capacity in order to adjust to market developments proactively. In Europe, we have strategically reduced or converted capacity over the past three years, including, for example, our Follum and Parenco operations, to increase the operating margins of our continuing business. We will continue to monitor our asset base and market developments and consider measures to address our less competitive capacity. In Australasia, in line with the closure of one machine at our Tasman mill in 2013 and the conversion of one of our two newsprint machines at the Boyer mill in Australia to magazine paper production in 2014, we will continue our business system optimization in order to produce products where it is most cost-effective to do so.
Continue to strengthen business model
We will continue to invest in improvements to reduce costs and improve efficiency and quality. In Europe, we plan to invest in higher quality grades of newsprint products and focus on the extension of our product portfolio into selected new end use segments within publication paper as well as improve production mix quality at our Skogn mill. In Australasia, we are benefiting from our recent diversification to magazine paper production and we will leverage our new cost competitive position in magazine paper and our well-developed logistical system to serve export markets for newsprint.
Address capital structure and achieve stability
We intend to use the proceeds from the Offering to address a portion of our immediate and medium-term debt maturities through the implementation of the Proposed Exchange Offers. We will strive to reduce leverage in the medium-term to achieve a long-term sustainable capital structure. By reducing the amount of operational earnings committed to debt repayment obligations, we hope to achieve greater operational stability that will provide a basis for future sustained profitability.
Carefully evaluate future consolidation opportunities
We believe our industry needs to continue to better align capacity with demand, which we anticipate will be realized by industry consolidation in Europe. We will continue to evaluate selective opportunities to enhance our strategic and cost positions. However, any potential transaction will be structured with a focus on credit enhancement via careful evaluation of appropriate financing sources and terms.
Recent Developments and Trading Update
