We believe our industry needs to continue to better align capacity with demand, which we anticipate will be realized by industry consolidation in Europe. We will continue to evaluate selective opportunities to enhance our strategic and cost positions. However, any potential transaction will be structured with a focus on credit enhancement via careful evaluation of appropriate financing sources and terms.
The information in this section of the listing particulars is based on preliminary internal management accounts and includes estimates and assumptions, and is not based on the Consolidated Financial Statements for the quarter and for the year ended December 31, 2014. Undue reliance should not be placed on the information in this section of the listing particulars.
The information in this section has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, our management, and has not been audited, reviewed or verified; no procedures have been completed by our auditors with respect thereto, and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. The information in this section is
7
subject to confirmation in the Group's Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and report for the year ended December 31, 2014.
Developments During the Quarter
There were several developments that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2014 that are expected to impact the Group's businesses and gross operating earnings positively in 2015.
The prolonged ramp-up of the new magazine paper machine at Boyer in Australia was completed. During full year 2014, the ramp-up had a significant negative impact on gross operating earnings. With operations now running in accordance with the investment plan, and assuming this will continue, the new magazine paper machine at Boyer should contribute significantly towards gross operating earnings for full year 2015.
Foreign exchange rates moved in favor of the Group's operations as NOK depreciated against the Group's major currencies due to NOK correlation with lower oil prices. Since only a low single digit percentage of the Group's revenue is generated in NOK, and in excess of a third of the Group's total capacity is located in Norway, the competitiveness of the European business should be clearly enhanced by the NOK depreciation. Likewise, the depreciation of AUD relative to USD should impact the Australasian business positively, supporting the domestic price for magazine paper and the margins for exports to Asia.
