Revenue and volumes were relatively stable from the third quarter of 2014 to the fourth quarter of 2014. The weakness in Magazine Paper continued because of low industry operating rates with capacity reductions announced, but not yet completed in the quarter. Magazine Paper thus adversely impacted gross operating earnings, while Newsprint was more stable with a higher operating rate in the industry prior to the announced closures. The depreciation of NOK to a large degree occurred late in the quarter, and thus did not have a meaningful impact on the fourth quarter 2014 operating result.
Revenue and volumes increased seasonally from the third quarter of 2014 to the fourth quarter of 2014 and the ramp-up at Boyer was completed. Both these factors contributed towards improved gross operating earnings in the quarter as compared to the prior quarter. The depreciation of AUD against USD benefited price negotiations for Magazine Paper into 2015. The exchange rate level should also support margins for the export business out of Australasia into Asia.
Other Activities
The negative contribution from Other Activities was larger in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the third quarter of 2014, due to year end closing of cost allocations.
8
Cash Flow
Cash flow from operations benefited from a seasonal release of working capital, more than offsetting interest payments in the quarter. Capital expenditures were somewhat higher than in the third quarter of 2014, reflecting volatility in investment spending. The redemptions of the remaining NOK bond in October was in part financed by proceeds from accounts receivables (AR) facilities. The Group's new AR facility, announced in September 2014 at Bruck in Austria, became effective in the quarter.
Balance Sheet
Considering the above cash flow movements, cash balances were somewhat higher at the end of the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the end of the third quarter of 2014. Cash balances include restricted cash of approximately NOK 250 million. A liquidity buffer of around NOK 200 million is prudent to allow for daily volatility in working capital. Foreign denominated debt, when translated to NOK for accounting purposes, increased due to the depreciation of NOK from the end of the third quarter of 2014 to the end of the fourth quarter of 2014. Property, plant and equipment also increased due to NOK depreciation, while there will be a negative effect from Euro-denominated power contracts in Norway.
