The Note Guarantees will be subject to certain limitations, including, among other things, general statutory limitations, capital maintenance, financial assistance, corporate benefit, fraudulent preference, ``thin capitalization'' rules, retention of title claims and similar principles.
The Issuer issued 290,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes in exchange for an equal aggregate principal amount of Temporary Notes. The Issuer may issue additional Notes (``Additional Notes'') under the Indenture from time to time after this offering. Any issuance of Additional Notes is subject to all of the covenants in the Indenture, including the covenant described below under the caption ``-- C e rta in C o v e n a n ts -- In c u r r e n c e o f In d e b te d n e s s a n d Is s u a n c e o f P r e fe r r e d S to c k " . The Notes and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under the Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture. The Issuer will issue Notes in denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will mature on December 15, 2019 and will be repayable at par.
Interest on the Notes will accrue at the rate of 11.75% per annum. Interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15, commencing on June 15, 2015. Interest on overdue principal and interest, including Additional Amounts, if any, will accrue at a rate that is 1% higher than the interest rate on the Notes. The Issuer will make each interest payment to the holders of record on the immediately preceding June 1 and December 1.
Interest on the Notes will accrue from the date of original issuance or, if interest has already been paid, from the date it was most recently paid. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.
Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes
The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents (each, a ``Paying Agent'') for the Notes in the City of London. The Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a member state of the Pre-Expansion European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended from time to time) or any other directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of November 26 and 27, 2000 on the taxation of savings income, or any law implementing, or complying with or introduced in order to conform to, such directive. The initial Paying Agent will be Citibank, N.A., London Branch in London.
The Issuer will also maintain one or more registrars (each, a ``Registrar'') with offices in London. The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent in London. The initial Registrar will be Citibank, N.A., London Branch. The initial transfer agent will be Citibank, N.A., London Branch. The Registrar and the transfer agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of Definitive Registered Notes outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfers of Definitive Registered Notes on the behalf of the Issuer.
164
The Issuer may change the Paying Agents, the Registrars or the transfer agents without prior notice to the holders. For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will publish a notice of any change of Paying Agent, Registrar or transfer agent in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the L u x e m b u rg e r W ort) or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, post such notice on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
