(1) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officer's Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased by the Issuer.
The Paying Agent or tender agent for such Change of Control Offer, as applicable, will promptly mail (or cause to be delivered) to each holder of Notes properly tendered the Change of Control Payment for
174
such Notes, and the Trustee (or an authentication agent approved by it) will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any. The Issuer will publicly announce the results of the Change of Control Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date.
The provisions described above that require the Issuer to make a Change of Control Offer following a Change of Control will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of the Indenture are applicable. Except as described above with respect to a Change of Control, the Indenture does not contain provisions that permit the holders of the Notes to require that the Issuer repurchase or redeem the Notes in the event of a takeover, recapitalization or similar transaction.
The ability of the Issuer to repurchase Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer may be limited by a number of factors. The future Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries may also contain prohibitions of certain events that would constitute a Change of Control or require such Indebtedness to be repurchased upon a Change of Control. Moreover, the exercise by the holders of the Notes of their right to require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes could cause a default under such Indebtedness, even if the Change of Control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on the Issuer. Finally, the ability of the Issuer to pay cash to the holders of the Notes upon a repurchase may be limited by its then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases.
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if (1) a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of Control Offer, or (2) a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to the Indenture as described above under the caption ` `-- O p tio n a l R e d e m p tio n ", unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made.
The definition of Change of Control includes a phrase relating to the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of ``all or substantially all'' of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase ``substantially all'', there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, the ability of a holder of Notes to require the Issuer to repurchase its Notes as a result of a sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of less than all of the assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to another Person or group may be uncertain.
