(3) any combination of the foregoing.
When the aggregate amount of Net Proceeds from (a) Asset Sales that are not applied or invested as provided in the second paragraph of this covenant exceeds 15.0 million (the aggregate amount of Net Proceeds not so applied or invested, ``Excess Proceeds''), (b) a single transaction or series of related transactions exceeds 20.0 million in aggregate (other than an Asset Sale of the New Zealand Power Plant, the Net Proceeds of which may be applied as set forth in the second paragraph of this section), or (c) Asset Sales in excess of the Cumulative Asset Sale Threshold exceeds 15.0 million (the ``Excess Cumulative Proceeds''), in each case, within ten Business Days thereof, the Issuer will make an offer (an ``Asset Sale Offer'') to all holders of Notes and may make an offer to all holders of other Pari Passu Indebtedness to purchase, prepay or redeem with the Excess Proceeds, the Net Proceeds or the Excess Cumulative Proceeds, as applicable, the maximum principal amount of Notes and such other Pari Passu Indebtedness (plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith) that may be purchased, prepaid or redeemed out of the Excess Proceeds, Net Proceeds or Excess Cumulative Proceeds, as the case may be. The offer price for the Notes in any Asset Sale Offer will be equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the date of purchase, prepayment or redemption, subject to the rights of holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date, and will be payable in cash. If any Excess Proceeds, Net Proceeds or the Excess Cumulative Proceeds, as applicable, remain after consummation of an Asset Sale Offer, the Issuer may use those Excess Proceeds, Net Proceeds or Excess Cumulative Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and other Pari Passu Indebtedness tendered into (or to be prepaid or redeemed in connection with) such Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, Net Proceeds or Excess Cumulative Proceeds so applied, the Notes and such other Pari Passu Indebtedness, if applicable, will be selected to be purchased on a pro
176
rata basis (or in the manner described under ``--S e le c tio n a n d N o tic e ' '), based on the amounts tendered or required to be prepaid or redeemed. Upon completion of each Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds, Net Proceeds or Excess Cumulative Proceeds will be reset at zero.
The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the U.S. Exchange Act and any other applicable securities laws and regulations to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with each repurchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer or an Asset Sale Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer provisions of the Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
Selection and Notice
If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee or the Registrar, as appropriate, will select Notes for redemption on a pro rata basis (or, in the case of Notes issued in global form as discussed under ``B o o k -E n try , D e liv e ry a n d F o r m '' , based on a method that most nearly approximates a pro rata selection as the Trustee deems fair and appropriate), unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or depository requirements. The Trustee and the Registrar shall not be liable for selections made by it in accordance with this paragraph.
No Notes shall be redeemed in part if the resulting Note would have a minimum denomination that is less than 100,000. Notices of redemption will be mailed by first class mail at least ten but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture.
If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note will state the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed. A new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note will be issued in the name of the holder of Notes upon cancellation of the original Note. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.
