So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall so require, copies, current and future, of all of the Issuer's annual audited consolidated financial statements and the Issuer's unaudited consolidated interim financial statements may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the offices of the Paying Agent or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
The Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. The Intercreditor Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties thereunder will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales. The Security Documents will be governed by the laws of the jurisdictions in which the assets and property comprising the Collateral are located. The provisions of Articles 86 to 94-8 of the Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915, as amended on commercial companies, are excluded.
Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process
The Indenture will provide that the Issuer and each Guarantor will appoint Corporate Service Company as its agent for service of process in any suit, action or proceeding with respect to the Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees brought in any U.S. federal or New York State court located in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York and will submit to such jurisdiction.
Enforceability of Judgments
Since a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and the Guarantors are outside the United States, any judgment obtained in the United States against the Issuer or any Guarantor, may not be collectable within the United States. See ``S e rv ic e o f P ro c e s s a n d E n fo rc e m e n t o f C e rta in L ia b ilitie s " .
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for the payment of principal or Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes, will be prescribed ten years after the applicable due date for payment thereof. Claims against the Issuer or any Guarantor for the payment of interest on the Notes will be prescribed six years after the applicable due date for payment of interest.
Certain Definitions
