``Cumulative Asset Sale Threshold'' means (a) 35.0 million in aggregate since the Issue Date if the gross proceeds from the sale of the Notes is greater than or equal to 200.0 million and (b) 50.0 million in aggregate since the Issue Date if the gross proceeds from the sale of the Notes is less than 200.0 million.
208
similar agreement or arrangement designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates as to which such Person is a party.
``Default'' means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.
``Disqualified Stock'' means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case, at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock, in whole or in part, on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the date that the Notes mature. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders of the Capital Stock have the right to require the issuer thereof to repurchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of a Change of Control or an Asset Sale will not constitute Disqualified Stock if the terms of such Capital Stock provide that the issuer thereof may not repurchase or redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions unless such repurchase or redemption complies with the covenant described above under the caption ` `-- C e rta in C o v e n a n ts -- R e s tric te d P a y m e n ts " . For purposes hereof, the amount of Disqualified Stock which does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock as if such Disqualified Stock were purchased on any date on which Indebtedness shall be required to be determined pursuant to the Indenture, and if such price is based upon, or measured by, the Fair Market Value of such Disqualified Stock, such Fair Market Value to be determined as set forth herein.
``EBITDA'' means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, operating profit for the period, before deducting depreciation and amortization and impairment charges, determined on an entity, combined or consolidated basis, as applicable, p r o fo rm a for any disposition.
``Equity Interests'' means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock).
``Equity Offering'' means an offering of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Parent Guarantor pursuant to (1) a registration statement that has been declared effective by the SEC pursuant to the U.S. Securities Act (other than a registration statement on Form S-8 or otherwise relating to equity securities issuable under any employee benefit plan of the Parent Guarantor) or a public offering outside of the United States, or (2) Rule 144A and/or Regulation S or other private placement exemption under the U.S. Securities Act to professional market investors or similar persons.
``Euro-Equivalent'' means, with respect to any monetary amount in a currency other than euros, at any time for the determination thereof, the amount of euros at the spot rate for the purchase of euro with the applicable foreign currency as published under ``Currency Rates'' in the section of the F in a n c ia l T im e s entitled ``Currencies, Bonds & Interest Rates'' on the date that is two Business Days prior to such determination.
