· as described under ``--A m e n d m e n t, S u p p le m e n t a n d W a iv e r" ;
225
· as a result of a transaction permitted by ``-- C e rta in C o v e n a n ts --M e rg e r, C o n s o lid a tio n o r S a le o f
A sse ts" .
The Trustee shall take all necessary actions reasonably requested by the Exchange Notes Issuer, including the granting of releases or waivers under the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, to effectuate any release of a Exchange Note Guarantee in accordance with these provisions, subject to customary protections and indemnifications. Each of the releases set forth above shall be effected by the Trustee without the consent of the holders or any other action or consent on the part of the Trustee.
Transfer and Exchange
Exchange Notes sold within the United States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Exchange Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``144A Global Notes''). The 144A Global Notes representing the 2021 Notes will, on the Issue Date, be deposited with and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream. The 144A Global Notes representing the 2033 Notes will, on the Issue Date, be deposited with a custodian for The Depository Trust Company (``DTC'') and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC.
Exchange Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Exchange Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Reg S Global Notes'' and together with the 144A Global Notes, the ``Global Notes''). During the 40-day ``distribution compliance period'' (as such term is defined in Rule 902 of Regulations S under the Securities Act), the Reg S Global Notes representing the 2033 Notes will initially be credited within DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream. After the 40-day distribution compliance period ends, investors may also hold their interests in the applicable permanent Reg S Global Note for the 2033 Notes through organizations other than Clearstream or Euroclear that are DTC participants. The Regulation S Global Notes representing the 2021 Notes will, on the Issue Date, be deposited and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
During the 40-day distribution compliance period, book-entry interests in the Reg S Global Notes may be (1) held only through Euroclear or Clearstream or through DTC for the account of Euroclear and Clearstream, and (2) transferred only to non-U.S. persons under Regulations S or qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A.
