Exchange Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act will initially be represented by one or more global Exchange Notes in registered form without interest coupons attached (the ``Reg S Global Notes'' and together with the 144A Global Notes, the ``Global Notes''). During the 40-day ``distribution compliance period'' (as such term is defined in Rule 902 of Regulations S under the Securities Act), the Reg S Global Notes representing the 2033 Notes will initially be credited within DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream. After the 40-day distribution compliance period ends, investors may also hold their interests in the applicable permanent Reg S Global Note for the 2033 Notes through organizations other than Clearstream or Euroclear that are DTC participants. The Regulation S Global Notes representing the 2021 Notes will, on the Issue Date, be deposited and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
Ownership of interests in the Global Notes (the ``Book-Entry Interests'') will be limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream, with respect to the 2021 Notes, and DTC, with respect to the 2033 Notes, or Persons that may hold interests through such participants. Ownership of interests in the Book-Entry Interests and transfers thereof will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and certification requirements summarized below and described more fully under `` T ra n s fe r R e s tric tio n s ''. In addition, transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear, the participants in Clearstream or the participants in DTC, will be effected by Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, as applicable, pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, as applicable, and their respective participants.
Book-Entry Interests in each 144A Global Note may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the applicable Reg S Global Note denominated in the same currency only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Exchange Notes Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
Book-Entry Interests in each Reg S Global Note may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of Book-Entry Interests in the applicable 144A Global Note denominated in the same currency only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Exchange Notes Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a ``qualified institutional buyer'' within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under ``T ra n s fe r R e s tric tio n s " and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction.
Any Book-Entry Interest that is transferred as described in the immediately preceding paragraphs will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book- Entry Interest in the Global Note from which it was transferred and will
226
become a Book-Entry Interest in the Global Note to which it was transferred. Accordingly, from and after such transfer, it will become subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in the Global Note to which it was transferred.
If Definitive Registered Notes are issued, they will be issued only in minimum denominations of 100,000 or US$150,000 principal amount, as applicable, and integral multiples of 1,000 or $1,000, as applicable, in excess thereof, upon receipt by the applicable Registrar of instructions relating thereto and any certificates and other documentation required by the Exchange Notes Indenture. It is expected that such instructions will be based upon directions received by Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, as applicable, from the participant which owns the relevant Book-Entry Interests. Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest will, except as set forth in the Exchange Notes Indenture or as otherwise determined by the Exchange Notes Issuer in compliance with applicable law, be subject to, and will have a legend with respect to, the restrictions on transfer summarized below and described more fully under ` `T ra n s fe r R e s t r ic t io n s '.
Subject to the restrictions on transfer referred to above, Exchange Notes issued as Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred or exchanged, in whole or in part, in minimum denominations of 100,000 or US$150,000 principal amount, as applicable, and integral multiples of 1,000 or $1,000, as applicable, in excess thereof, to persons who take delivery thereof in the form of Definitive Registered Notes. In connection with any such transfer or exchange, the Exchange Notes Indenture will require the transferring or exchanging holder to, among other things, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, furnish information regarding the account of the transferee at Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, as applicable, to furnish certain certificates and opinions and to pay any Taxes in connection with such transfer or exchange. Any such transfer or exchange will be made without charge to the holder, other than any Taxes payable in connection with such transfer or exchange.
