235
The Exchange Notes Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the U.S. Exchange Act and any other applicable securities laws and regulations to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with each repurchase of Exchange Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer or an Asset Sale Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer provisions of the Exchange Notes Indenture, the Exchange Notes Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer provisions of the Exchange Notes Indenture by virtue of such compliance.
Selection and Notice
If less than all of the Exchange Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee or the Registrar, as appropriate, will select Exchange Notes for redemption on a pro rata basis (or, in the case of Exchange Notes issued in global form as discussed under ``B o o k -E n try , D e liv e ry a n d F o r m " , based on a method that most nearly approximates a pro rata selection as the Trustee deems fair and appropriate), unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or depository requirements. The Trustee and the Registrar shall not be liable for selections made by it in accordance with this paragraph.
No Exchange Notes shall be redeemed in part if the resulting Note would have a minimum denomination that is less than 100,000 or US$150,000, as the case may be. Notices of redemption will be mailed by first class mail at least ten but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Exchange Notes to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Exchange Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Exchange Notes Indenture.
If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note will state the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed. A new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note will be issued in the name of the holder of Exchange Notes upon cancellation of the original Note. Exchange Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Exchange Notes or portions of Exchange Notes called for redemption.
For Exchange Notes which are represented by global certificates held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, notices may be given by delivery of the relevant notices to Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, as applicable, for communication to entitled account holders in substitution for the aforesaid mailing. So long as any Exchange Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, any such notice to the holders of the relevant Exchange Notes shall also be published in a newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by such rules, posted on the official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in connection with any redemption, the Exchange Notes Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any change in the principal amount of Exchange Notes outstanding.
Certain Covenants
Suspension of Covenants when Exchange Notes Rated Investment Grade
