Governing L a w .................................
Risk F a c to rs ......................................
Please see the ``Risk Factors" section for a description of certain of the risks you should carefully consider before investing in the Notes.
20
SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following tables present our summary consolidated historical financial information and other data as of and for the periods indicated. This information has been derived from our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and from our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included elsewhere in these listing particulars. The Senior Secured Notes Issuer was registered under the Norwegian Companies Registry on November 18, 2014 and the Exchange Notes Issuer was registered under the Norwegian Companies Registry on November 5, 2014. There is no financial information regarding either the Senior Secured Notes Issuer and the Exchange Notes Issuer presented in these listing particulars. Our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contain all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which management considers necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations for the periods presented. Operating results for the nine-month periods are not necessarily indicative of results for a full financial year, or any other periods. Our summary unaudited consolidated statement of income data for the twelve months ended September 30, 2014 has been derived by adding our historical consolidated statement of income data for the financial year ended December 31,2013 and the nine months ended September 30, 2014 and subtracting our historical consolidated statement of income data for the nine months ended September 30, 2013. Our unaudited consolidated pro forma financial information as at and for the twelve months ended September 30, 2014 provides certain information on an as adjusted basis to give effect to the Transactions, including the issuance of the Notes and the assumed application of the net proceeds in the Proposed Exchange Offers. Our unaudited consolidated pro forma financial information presented herein has been prepared for informational purposes only, and does not purport to represent what our actual financial position or consolidated interest expense would have been had the Transactions occurred on (i) September 30, 2014, for the purposes of the calculation of pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities and pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities and (ii) October 1,2013, for the purposes of the calculation of pro forma net finance costs, nor does it purport to represent our consolidated interest expense or actual financial position at any future date. This information is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with the information in the sections entitled ``Use of Proceeds" , ``Capitalization" , ``Selected Historical Financial Data" ,
21
``Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations' and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in these listing particulars.
Income Statement Data: Operating revenue ................... Distribution costs ..................... Cost of materials........................ Change in inventories.............. Employee benefit expenses . . . Other operating expenses . . . .
Gross operating earnings . . . D e p re c ia tio n ............................... Restructuring expenses............ Other gains and lo s s e s ............ Im pairm ents...............................
