``Person'' means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company or government or other entity.
``Qualified Securitization Financing'' means any financing pursuant to which the Exchange Notes Issuer or any Guarantor may sell, convey or otherwise transfer to any other Person or grant a security interest in, any Securitization Assets (and related assets) in any aggregate principal amount equivalent to the Fair Market Value of such Securitization Assets (and related assets) of the Exchange Notes Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; p ro v id e d that (a) the covenants, events of default and other provisions applicable to such financing shall be on market terms (as determined in good faith by the Exchange Notes Issuer's board of directors of senior management) at the time such financing is entered into, (b) the interest rate applicable to such financing shall be a market interest rate (as determined in good faith by the Exchange Notes Issuer's board of directors or senior management) at the time such financing is entered into and (c) such financing shall be non-recourse to the Exchange Notes Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries except to a limited extent customary for such transactions.
``Restricted Investment'' means an Investment other than a Permitted Investment.
``Restricted Subsidiary'' means any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
``S&P'' means Standard & Poor's Ratings Group.
``SEC'' means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
``Securitization Assets'' means any accounts receivable, bank accounts, inventory, royalty or revenue streams from sales of inventory subject to a Qualified Securitization Financing.
``Securitization Fees'' means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not the Exchange Notes Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing.
``Securitization Repurchase Obligation'' means any obligation of a seller of Securitization Assets in a Qualified Securitization Financing to repurchase Securitization Assets arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant or otherwise, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, off-set or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller.
