General
Ownership of interests in the 144A Global Notes (``144A Book-Entry Interests'') and ownership of interests in the Regulation S Global Notes (the ``Regulation S Book-Entry Interests'' and, together with the 144A Book-Entry Interests, the ``Book-Entry Interests'') will be limited to persons who have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream or persons who may hold interests through such participants. Book-Entry Interests will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained in book-entry form by Euroclear and Clearstream and their participants. The Book-Entry Interests in Global Notes will be issued only in denominations of 100,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof.
The Book-Entry Interests will not be held in definitive form. Instead, Euroclear and/or Clearstream will credit on their respective book-entry registration and transfer systems a participant's account with the interest beneficially owned by such participant. The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive certificated form. The foregoing limitations may impair the ability to own, transfer or pledge Book-Entry Interests. In addition, while the Notes are in global form, owners of interests in the Global Notes will not have the Notes registered in their names, will not receive physical delivery of the Notes in certificated form and will not be considered the registered owners or ``holders'' of Notes under the Temporary Notes Indenture or the Indenture, as applicable, for any purpose.
So long as the Notes are held in global form, the common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream (or their or its respective nominee) will be considered the sole holder of Global Notes for all purposes under the Temporary Notes Indenture and the Indenture. As such, participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and indirect participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and the participants through which they own Book-Entry Interests in order to exercise any rights of holders of the Notes under the Temporary Notes Indenture and the Indenture.
None of the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent under the Temporary Notes Indenture or the Indenture or any of their respective agents will have any responsibility or be liable for any aspect of the records relating to the Book-Entry Interests.
Issuance of Definitive Registered Notes
Under the terms of the Temporary Notes Indenture and the Indenture, owners of Book-Entry Interests will receive definitive Notes in registered form (the ``Definitive Registered Notes''):
· if Euroclear or Clearstream notifies the Temporary Notes Issuer or the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Global Notes and a successor depository is not appointed by the Temporary Notes Issuer or the Issuer within 120 days;
· if Euroclear or Clearstream so requests following an event of default under the Temporary Notes Indenture or the Indenture; or
