Transfers of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests to persons wishing to take delivery of Rule 144A Book-Entry Interests will at all times be subject to such transfer restrictions.
Regulation S Book-Entry Interests may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest only upon delivery by the transferor of a written certification (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a ``qualified institutional buyer'' within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under ` `T ra n s fe r R e s tric tio n s " and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction.
In connection with transfers involving an exchange of a Regulation S Book-Entry Interest for a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest, appropriate adjustments will be made to reflect a decrease in the principal amount of the Regulation S Global Note and a corresponding increase in the principal amount of the Rule 144A Global Note.
Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred and exchanged for Book-Entry Interests in a Global Note only as described under ``D e s c r ip tio n o f th e S e n io r S e c u r e d N o te s -- T ra n s fe r a n d E x c h a n g e ,'' and, if required, only if the transferor first delivers to the Trustee a written certificate (in the form provided in the Indenture) to the effect that such transfer will comply with the appropriate transfer restrictions applicable to such Notes. See `` T ra n s fe r R e s tr ic tio n s .''
Any Book-Entry Interest in one of the Global Notes that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Book-Entry Interest in any other Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be a Book-Entry Interest in the first-mentioned Global Note and become a Book-Entry Interest in such other Global Note, and accordingly will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to Book-Entry Interests in such other Global Note for as long as it remains such a Book-Entry Interest.
283
Information Concerning Euroclear and Clearstream
All Book-Entry Interests will be subject to the operations and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. The Temporary Notes Issuer and the Issuer provide the following summaries of those operations and procedures solely for the convenience of investors. The operations and procedures of each settlement system are controlled by that settlement system and may be changed at any time. None of the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer or any of the Initial Purchasers is responsible for those operations or procedures.
Euroclear and Clearstream hold securities for participating organizations. They also facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective participants through electronic book-entry changes in the accounts of such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services to their participants, including the safekeeping, administration, clearance, settlement, lending and borrowing of internationally traded securities. Euroclear and Clearstream interface with domestic securities markets. Euroclear and Clearstream participants are financial institutions such as underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream is also available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear or Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly.
