C o rpo rate h o ld e rs
In d iv id u a l h o ld e rs
Individual holders of Notes who are tax residents of Norway are liable to Norwegian net wealth tax. The value of the Notes is included in the basis for the computation of net wealth tax imposed on such holders of Notes. The value for assessment purposes for listed Notes is the listed value as of 1 January in the year of assessment. Unlisted Notes will normally be valued at face value. Currently, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 1% of the taxpayer's net wealth.
Non-resident individual holders of Notes are not liable to pay net wealth tax in Norway on the value of the Notes unless Notes are effectively connected with a business that the individual holder of Notes carries out in Norway.
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below), including the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes and, potentially, cash. This summary deals only with initial purchasers of Temporary Notes at the issue price that are U.S. Holders and that will hold the Notes as capital assets. The discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect that any of the matters described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes by particular investors (including consequences under the alternative minimum tax or net investment income tax), and does not address state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws. This summary also does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as financial institutions, insurance companies, individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred accounts, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in securities or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes as part of straddles, hedging transactions or conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, persons that have ceased to be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States, investors holding the Notes in connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States, U.S. expatriates or investors whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar).
As used herein, the term ``U.S. Holder'' means a beneficial owner of Notes that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or organised under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has validly elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that holds Notes will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them and their partners of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by the partnership.
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States, including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as of the date hereof and all subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. We have not and will not seek any rulings from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the ``IRS'') regarding the matters discussed below. No assurance can be given that IRS would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a different position concerning the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes from the tax consequences described below.
