Following the Proposed Exchange Offers and Proposed Consent Solicitations, an amount of Temporary Notes will be exchanged for Senior Secured Notes and a portion of the Temporary Notes may be redeemed for cash. Depending upon the terms of this exchange and possible redemption, including whether the entire amount of Temporary Notes are exchanged for Senior Secured Notes, it is possible that the Exchange could be treated as a taxable exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in more detail below.
Although the issue is not free from doubt, if the entire amount of the Temporary Notes are exchanged for Senior Secured Notes, and no portion of the Temporary Notes are redeemed for cash, the Issuer expects to take the position (to the extent it is required to do so) that the exchange of the Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes should not be treated as a taxable exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is possible, however, that the Internal Revenue Service could take a contrary view, and seek to treat the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes, in the case where the entire amount of the Temporary Notes are exchanged for Senior Secured Notes (and no portion of the Temporary Notes are redeemed for cash), as a taxable exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
If the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is not treated as a taxable exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder would not recognize any income, gain or loss in connection with such transaction and would have the same adjusted tax basis in the Senior Secured Notes as the U.S. Holder had in the Temporary Notes exchanged therefor. Moreover, the holding period for the Senior Secured Notes would generally include the holding period for the Temporary Notes.
E xchange o f T em porary N otes in p a rt fo r S e n io r S e c u re d N otes a n d p a rtia l re d e m p tio n o f Tem porary N otes fo r cash
Although the issue is not free from doubt, if the Temporary Notes are exchanged in part for Senior Secured Notes and are partially redeemed for cash, the Issuer expects to take the position (to the extent it is required to do so) that the receipt of Senior Secured Notes in exchange for Temporary Notes should be treated as a taxable exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is possible, however, that the Internal Revenue Service could take a contrary view, and seek to treat the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes, in the case where Temporary Notes are exchanged in part for Senior Secured Notes and are partially redeemed for cash for cash, as not constituting a taxable exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
287
If the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange, U.S. Holders would generally recognize gain or loss in connection with such exchange (as described below under ``--S a le a n d O th e r T axable D is p o s itio n o f th e N o te s " ) and would have a new holding period and a new tax basis in the Senior Secured Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, if the fair market value of the Senior Secured Notes at the time of such exchange is less than the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes (by more than a statutorily defined de minimis amount), the Senior Secured Notes may be treated as issued with OID (as described below under ``--O rig in a l Is s u e D is c o u n t" ). In the event that the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange, the issue price of the Senior Secured Notes is expected to be equal to the fair market value of the Senior Secured Notes at the time of the Exchange because it is expected that a substantial amount of the Senior Secured Notes will be treated as traded on an established market for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the Senior Secured Notes are not so treated, then other rules would apply for purposes of determining the issue price of the Senior Secured Notes. The remainder of this discussion assumes that, in the event that the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange, the issue price of the Senior Secured Notes will be equal to the fair market value of the Senior Secured Notes at the time of the exchange.
Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes and, potentially, cash, including the determination of the issue price of the Senior Secured Notes in the event that the exchange of the Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange.
Payments of interest
