A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or other taxable disposition of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or disposition and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis of the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note purchased with Euros generally will be
its U.S. dollar cost (as defined below), increased by the amount of any OID included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Note and reduced by the amount of any principal paid on the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Senior Secured Notes, in the event that the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange, generally is expected to be equal to the fair market value of the Senior Secured Notes on the date they are issued, increased by the amount of any OID included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Senior Secured Note and reduced by the amount of any principal paid on the Senior Secured Note. The U.S. dollar cost of a Note purchased with Euros generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase, or the settlement date for the purchase, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, within the meaning of the applicable Treasury Regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects). The amount realised does not include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included in income. The amount realised on a sale or other taxable disposition for an amount in Euros will be the U.S. dollar value of this amount on the date of sale or disposition, or the settlement date for the sale, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, within the meaning of the applicable Treasury Regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects). The amount realised by a U.S. holder with respect to the receipt of the Senior Secured Notes, in the event that the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange, generally is expected to be equal to the fair market value of the Senior Secured Notes on the date they are issued.
A U.S. Holder generally is expected to recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the sale or other taxable disposition of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Note, in the case of Notes purchased with Euros, or the fair market value of the Senior Secured Notes at the time of the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes, in the event that the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange (i) on the date of sale or other taxable disposition and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder purchased the Note, in the case of Notes purchased with Euros, or the date on which the U.S. Holder received the Senior Secured Notes, in the event that the exchange of Temporary Notes for Senior Secured Notes is treated as a taxable exchange. Any such exchange rate gain or loss (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest) will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or other taxable disposition. Except to the extent resulting from changes in exchange rates, gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or other taxable disposition of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Note was held by the U.S. Holder for more than one year.
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or other taxable disposition of a Note generally will be U.S. source. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers as to the foreign tax credit implications of the sale or other taxable disposition of Notes.
Disposition of foreign currency
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or other taxable disposition of a Note will have a tax basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency that is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency (including its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss.
Backup withholding and information reporting
Payments of principal and interest on, and the proceeds of the sale, retirement or other disposition of Notes by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary (and accruals of OID) will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding may apply to these payments, including payments of accrued OID, if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or fails to comply with applicable certification requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining an exemption.
290
