Please be aware that the residence concept used in the sub-headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers only to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax generally encompasses corporate income tax ( im p o ts u r le re v e n u d e s c o lle c t iv e s ) , municipal business tax ( im p o t c o m m e r c ia l c o m m u n a l) , a solidarity surcharge ( c o n tr ib u tio n a u fo n d s p o u r l 'e m p lo i) as well as personal income tax ( im p o t s u r le re v e n u ). Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (im p o t s u r la fo rtu n e ) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well.
Withholding Tax
Under the existing laws of Luxembourg and with the possible exception of interest to certain individual holders there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest, or on accrued but unpaid interest, in respect of the Temporary Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Temporary Notes.
In accordance with the law of November 25, 2014, Luxembourg will elect out the withholding system in favor of an automatic exchange of information under the Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of Savings income with effect as from January 1, 2015. Payments of interests to individual holders of Temporary Notes or to certain so-called residual entities will then no longer be subject to any withholding tax.
291
According to the Law of December 23, 2005 as amended, interest payments on the Temporary Notes paid by a Luxembourg paying agent will be subject to a withholding tax of 10% (the ``10% withholding tax'') if such payments are made for the immediate benefit of individuals resident in Luxembourg.
In the event that interest is paid to a Luxembourg resident individual, the beneficiary may opt for the application of the 10% withholding tax in accordance with the Law of December 23, 2005 (the ``10% tax'').
The 10% withholding tax and the 10% tax will operate a full discharge of income tax for Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the context of the management of their private wealth. Responsibility for withholding such will be assumed by the Luxembourg Paying Agent.
Interest on the Temporary Notes paid by a Luxembourg paying agent to residents of Luxembourg which are not individuals will not be subject to any withholding tax.
