If held in the context of carrying on an enterprise, any interest income, whether paid or accrued, and any capital gain or foreign exchange result whether realised or accrued, derived from the Temporary Notes is subject to Luxembourg income taxes (income tax levied at progressive rates and municipal business tax). The 10% withholding tax levied is credited against their final tax liability.
C o rpo rate h o ld e rs
Resident corporate holders of the Temporary Notes are always deemed to hold the Notes in the context of carrying on an enterprise. As such, any interest income, whether paid or accrued, and any capital gain or foreign exchange result whether realised or accrued, derived from the Temporary Notes is subject to Luxembourg income taxes (corporate income tax and municipal business tax).
Net wealth tax
In d iv id u a ls are n o t s u b je c t to n e t w e a lth tax.
Resident corporate holders of the Temporary Notes as well as permanent establishments of non-resident corporate holders of the Temporary Notes, to which such notes are allocable, are subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on the fair market value of the Temporary Notes, unless they benefit from a specific exemption.
292
Value Added Tax There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Temporary Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Temporary Notes or a transfer of the Temporary Notes. Luxembourg gift and inheritance taxes Inheritance tax is levied in Luxembourg at progressive rates (depending on the value of the assets inherited and the degree of relationship). No Luxembourg inheritance tax will be due in respect of the Temporary Notes unless the holder of the latter resides in Luxembourg at the time of his/her death. No gift tax is due upon the donation of Temporary Notes unless such donation is registered in Luxembourg (which is generally not required). Other Taxes There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg by the holders of the Temporary Notes as a consequence of their issuance. No Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or other similar tax or duty is due either in case of a subsequent repurchase, redemption or transfer of the Temporary Notes. A fixed or an ad valorem registration duty may however apply (i) upon voluntary registration of the Temporary Notes in Luxembourg (there is in principle no obligation to register the Temporary Notes in Luxembourg though), (ii) in case of legal proceedings before a Luxembourg court or (iii) in case the documents relating to the Temporary Notes must be produced before an official Luxembourg authority (a u to rite c o n s titu e e ). US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ( "FATCA") On 28 March 2014, the governments of the United States of America and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg signed an inter-governmental agreement (``IGA'') in the form of a Model 1 agreement. A memorandum of understanding was also issued. The IGA is subject to ratification by Luxembourg's parliament and implementation of the IGA will be through Luxembourg's domestic legislative procedure. The legislative proposal to implement the IGA into Luxembourg law (``Luxembourg IGA Legislation'') is not public at the time of publication of this prospectus. Under this scenario, it is not possible for the Temporary Notes Issuer to make a final assessment of the requirements that FATCA provisions will place upon it. FATCA provisions may imply a 30% withholding tax for the Temporary Notes Issuer or for the Noteholders unless the Issuer and Noteholder comply with certain tax compliance obligations. The Temporary Notes Issuer commits to take all the necessary actions in order to comply with its FATCA obligations and in order that the Issuer and its Noteholders are not exposed to the 30% withholding tax under FATCA.
293
