Value Added Tax There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Temporary Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Temporary Notes or a transfer of the Temporary Notes. Luxembourg gift and inheritance taxes Inheritance tax is levied in Luxembourg at progressive rates (depending on the value of the assets inherited and the degree of relationship). No Luxembourg inheritance tax will be due in respect of the Temporary Notes unless the holder of the latter resides in Luxembourg at the time of his/her death. No gift tax is due upon the donation of Temporary Notes unless such donation is registered in Luxembourg (which is generally not required). Other Taxes There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg by the holders of the Temporary Notes as a consequence of their issuance. No Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or other similar tax or duty is due either in case of a subsequent repurchase, redemption or transfer of the Temporary Notes. A fixed or an ad valorem registration duty may however apply (i) upon voluntary registration of the Temporary Notes in Luxembourg (there is in principle no obligation to register the Temporary Notes in Luxembourg though), (ii) in case of legal proceedings before a Luxembourg court or (iii) in case the documents relating to the Temporary Notes must be produced before an official Luxembourg authority (a u to rite c o n s titu e e ). US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ( "FATCA") On 28 March 2014, the governments of the United States of America and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg signed an inter-governmental agreement (``IGA'') in the form of a Model 1 agreement. A memorandum of understanding was also issued. The IGA is subject to ratification by Luxembourg's parliament and implementation of the IGA will be through Luxembourg's domestic legislative procedure. The legislative proposal to implement the IGA into Luxembourg law (``Luxembourg IGA Legislation'') is not public at the time of publication of this prospectus. Under this scenario, it is not possible for the Temporary Notes Issuer to make a final assessment of the requirements that FATCA provisions will place upon it. FATCA provisions may imply a 30% withholding tax for the Temporary Notes Issuer or for the Noteholders unless the Issuer and Noteholder comply with certain tax compliance obligations. The Temporary Notes Issuer commits to take all the necessary actions in order to comply with its FATCA obligations and in order that the Issuer and its Noteholders are not exposed to the 30% withholding tax under FATCA.
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
You are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or other transfer of any of the Notes offered hereby.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or securities laws of any other jurisdiction and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Notes and Guarantees offered hereby are being offered and sold only to QIBs in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S.
We have not registered and will not register the Notes or the Guarantees under the Securities Act, and therefore the Notes and the Guarantees may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Issuer is offering and selling the Notes to the Initial Purchasers for re-offer and resale only:
· in the United States, to QIBs; and
· outside the United States, in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S.
We use the terms ``offshore transaction'' and ``United States'' with the meanings given to them in Regulation S.
You, by your acceptance thereof, will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented to and agreed with the Issuer and each Initial Purchasers as follows:
