A purchaser of Notes will also be deemed to acknowledge that the foregoing restrictions apply to holders of beneficial interests in these Notes as well as to holders of these Notes. (8) You agree that you will give to each person to whom you transfer the Notes notice of any restrictions on the transfer of such Notes. (9) You acknowledge that until 40 days after the commencement of the Offering, any offer or sale of the Notes within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the Offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. (10) You acknowledge that we, the Initial Purchasers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of your acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements and agree that if any of the acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements deemed to have been made by your purchase of the Notes are no longer accurate, you shall promptly notify the Initial Purchasers. If you are acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, you represent that you have sole investment discretion with respect to each such investor account and that you have full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such investor account.
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the purchase agreement (the ``Purchase Agreement'') dated as of the date of these listing particulars, the Temporary Notes Issuer has agreed to sell to the Initial Purchasers, and the Initial Purchasers have agreed to purchase, the Temporary Notes.
The Purchase Agreement provides that the obligations of the Initial Purchasers to pay for and accept delivery of the Temporary Notes are subject to, among other conditions, the delivery of certain legal opinions by counsel.
The Initial Purchasers propose to offer the Temporary Notes initially at the price indicated on the cover page hereof. After the initial offering of the Temporary Notes, the offering price and other selling terms of the Temporary Notes may from time to time be varied by the Initial Purchasers without notice. Sales of the Temporary Notes by the Initial Purchasers in the United States may be made through affiliates of the Initial Purchasers.
Persons who purchase Notes from the Initial Purchasers may be required to pay stamp duty, taxes and other charges in accordance with the laws and practice of the country of purchase in addition to the offering price set forth on the cover page hereof.
The Purchase Agreement provides that the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer and the Guarantors will indemnify and hold harmless the Initial Purchasers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and will contribute to payments that the Initial Purchasers may be required to make in respect thereof. The Issuer and the Guarantors have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to offer, sell, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, except as provided under the Purchase Agreement, any securities of, or guaranteed by, the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer or any of the Guarantors that are substantially similar to the Notes during the period from the date of the Purchase Agreement through and including the date that is 90 days after the date of the Purchase Agreement, without the prior written consent of the representatives of the Initial Purchasers.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A and outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. Resales of the Notes are restricted as described under ``Im p o r ta n t In fo rm a tio n A b o u t th e s e L is tin g P a r tic u la r s " and ` `T ra n s fe r R e s tr ic tio n s .'' The Initial Purchasers have represented, warranted and agreed that each:
· has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by the Initial Purchasers in connection with the issuance or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Temporary Notes Issuer, the Issuer or the Guarantors; and
