The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A and outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. Resales of the Notes are restricted as described under ``Im p o r ta n t In fo rm a tio n A b o u t th e s e L is tin g P a r tic u la r s " and ` `T ra n s fe r R e s tr ic tio n s .'' The Initial Purchasers have represented, warranted and agreed that each:
· has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by them in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction, including the United States and the United Kingdom, by us or the Initial Purchasers that would permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of these listing particulars or any other material relating to us or the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for this purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes and the Guarantees may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither these listing particulars nor any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the Notes and the Guarantees may be distributed or published, in or from any country or jurisdiction, except in compliance with any applicable rules and regulations of any such country or jurisdiction. These listing particulars do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Persons into whose possession these listing particulars comes are advised to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to the Offering, the Exchange, the distribution of these listing particulars and resale of the Notes. See ` `Im p o r ta n t In fo rm a tio n a b o u t th e s e L is tin g P a r tic u la r s " and ``T ra n s fe r
R e strictio n s.''
The Notes and the Guarantees are a new issue of securities for which there currently is no market. Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trade the Notes on the Euro MTF Market thereof; however, we cannot assure you that such listing will be maintained.
297
The Initial Purchasers have advised us that they intend to make a market in the Notes as permitted by applicable law. The Initial Purchasers are not obligated, however, to make a market in the Notes, and any market-making activity may be discontinued at any time at the sole discretion of the Initial Purchasers without notice. In addition, any such market-making activity will be subject to the limits imposed by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that any market for the Notes will develop, that it will be liquid if it does develop or that you will be able to sell any Notes at a particular time or at a price which will be favorable to you. See " R is k F a c to rs -- R is k s R e la te d to th e N o te s a n d th e
G u a ra n te e s -- Y ou m a y n o t b e a b le to s e ll y o u r N o t e s ' '.
In connection with the Offering and the Exchange, the Stabilizing Manager, or a person acting on its behalf, may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the Notes. Specifically, the Stabilizing Manager may bid for and purchase Notes in the open markets for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the Notes. The Stabilizing Manager may also over-allot the Offering, creating a syndicate short position, and may bid for and purchase Temporary Notes in the open market to cover the syndicate short position. In addition, the Stabilizing Manager may bid for and purchase Notes in market-making transactions as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. These activities may stabilize or maintain the respective market price of the Notes above market levels that may otherwise prevail. The Stabilizing Manager is not required to engage in these activities, and may end these activities at any time. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the liquidity of, or trading markets for, the Notes. See " R is k F a c to rs -- R is k s R e la te d to th e N o te s a n d th e
