Enforcement of a guarantee claim against a solvent guarantor will in principal require a final, legally binding judgment by a court (unless the guarantee is made as an enforceable promissory note). Thereafter the creditor may apply to the enforcement authorities for enforcement of his or her claim against the assets of the guarantor.
Creation and enforcement of security
Norwegian law provides for effectively creating security over a range of closely defined asset types (a floating charge may be established over certain asset types of a Norwegian company).
As a main rule, a secured creditor does not have a general step-in right to security assets in an enforcement situation and agreements on enforcement cannot validly be entered into prior to the occurrence of an event of default. Instead, enforcement must be sought through the Norwegian courts and/or the Norwegian enforcement authorities. However, this is different for shares in a Norwegian limited company. If the secured party is a financial institution, the shares are considered financial collateral, and the parties are free (within reasonable limits) to agree on the enforcement process in the share pledge agreement.
Also, for specific security assets, and under certain circumstances, a creditor may take possession or directly enforce its rights upon enforcement. This is the case for security established over receivables (such as trade receivables or bank account claims) whereby the secured party may instruct the relevant debtor to pay the outstanding amounts directly to the secured party instead of the chargor.
The concept of a security trustee, as it is understood under common law, does not exist under Norwegian law. In practice, in an arrangement with a security agent acting on behalf of the secured parties, as these exist from time to time, it is generally recognized under Norwegian law that the security agent will be able to enforce the security on behalf of the secured parties and apply any proceeds to the secured parties. In order to commence any legal action regarding a claim (for enforcement purposes or otherwise) against the debtor the security agent may, however, be required to disclose to the court the identity of the creditors and have the creditors join in or participate as claimants in the proceedings. It has been established by the Norwegian Supreme Court that a bond trustee for an undisclosed number of bondholders can, based on the provisions in the bond agreement, take legal action against the issuer on behalf of and in lieu of the bondholders and without having to disclose the entity of the bondholders.
Luxembourg
Luxembourg insolvency proceedings may have a material adverse effect on the Temporary Notes Issuer's business and assets and the Temporary Notes Issuer's obligations under the Temporary Notes. Under Luxembourg insolvency laws, your ability to receive payment on the Temporary Notes may be more limited than under United States bankruptcy laws. The following types of proceedings (altogether referred to as insolvency proceedings) may be opened against the Temporary Notes Issuer having its registered office or center of main interests in Luxembourg:
· bankruptcy (fa illite ) proceedings, the opening of which may be requested by the company or by any of its creditors; following such a request, a competent Luxembourg court may open bankruptcy proceedings if the company (i) is unable to pay its debts as they fall due (c e s s a tio n d e s p a ie m e n ts ), and (ii) has lost its commercial creditworthiness (e b ra n le m e n t d e c re d it); if a court finds that these conditions are met without any request, it may also open bankruptcy proceedings on its own motion;
