Luxembourg insolvency proceedings may have a material adverse effect on the Temporary Notes Issuer's business and assets and the Temporary Notes Issuer's obligations under the Temporary Notes. Under Luxembourg insolvency laws, your ability to receive payment on the Temporary Notes may be more limited than under United States bankruptcy laws. The following types of proceedings (altogether referred to as insolvency proceedings) may be opened against the Temporary Notes Issuer having its registered office or center of main interests in Luxembourg:
 controlled management proceedings (g e s tio n c o n tro le e ), the opening of which may only be requested by the company and not by its creditors; a reorganization order requires the prior approval by more than 50% (fifty per cent.) in number of the creditors representing more than 50% (fifty per cent.) of the company's liabilities in order to take effect; and
 voluntary composition with creditors ( c o n c o r d a t p re v e n tif d e fa illite ), upon request only by the company (subject to obtaining the consent of the majority of its unsecured creditors representing at least 75% (seventy-five per cent.) of the company's liabilities) and not by its creditors. The court's decision to admit a company to a composition with participating creditors triggers a provisional stay on enforcement of claims by participating creditors while other creditors may pursue their claims individually.
In addition to these insolvency proceedings, your ability to receive payment on the Temporary Notes may be affected by a decision of a court to grant a suspension of payments (s u rs is d e p a ie m e n t) or to put the Temporary Notes Issuer into judicial liquidation (liq u id a tio n ju d ic ia ir e ) . Judicial winding up proceedings may be opened at the request of the public prosecutor against companies pursuing an activity violating criminal laws or seriously breaching the laws governing commercial companies. The management of such winding up proceedings will generally follow the rules of bankruptcy proceedings.
303
Generally, during the insolvency proceedings, all enforcement measures by general secured and unsecured creditors against the company are stayed, while certain secured creditors (pledgees or mortgagees) retain the ability to settle separately while the debtor is in bankruptcy. Collateral over which a security right has been granted will in principle not be available for distribution to unsecured creditors (except after enforcement and to the extent a surplus of enforcement proceeds is realized). During controlled management proceedings, enforcement measures are suspended until the final reorganisation order from the adjudicating court, declarations of default and any subsequent acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default may not be enforceable and participating secured creditors in composition proceedings are required to abandon their security. Under the Luxembourg Act dated August 5, 2005 concerning financial collateral arrangements, as amended (the ``Collateral Act''), secured creditors holding qualifying collateral in the form of financial instruments or claims may enforce their security during the insolvency proceedings without court approval outside the general body of creditors and satisfy their claim in order of their priority in the enforcement proceeds.
Liabilities of the Temporary Notes Issuer in respect of the Temporary Notes will, in the event of a liquidation of the Temporary Notes Issuer following bankruptcy or judicial winding-up proceedings, rank junior to the cost of such proceedings (including any debt incurred for the purpose of such bankruptcy or judicial winding-up) and those debts of the Temporary Notes Issuer that are entitled to priority under Luxembourg law. Preferential rights arising by operation of law under Luxembourg law include:
 certain amounts owed to the Luxembourg Revenue;
 value-added tax and other taxes and duties owed to the Luxembourg Customs and Excise;
