The voluntary administration process in Australia is governed by Part 5.3A of the Australian Corporations Act. Voluntary administration is an out-of-court insolvency procedure that can be initiated by the directors of a company, a secured creditor who is entitled to enforce a security interest over the whole, or substantially the whole, of the property of the company, or if the company is already in liquidation, by its liquidator. As unsecured creditors, the Holders of the Exchange Notes will therefore be unable to initiate the voluntary administration process. Additionally, while a company is in voluntary administration,
unsecured creditors may not begin, continue or enforce these claims against the company without the administrator's consents or the court's permission.
Outside the voluntary administration procedure, Australian law imposes a strict duty on directors of a company to prevent insolvent trading. For directors, failure to prevent insolvent trading carries with it a risk of personal liability under section 588G of the Australian Corporations Act, which if established can result in civil and criminal penalties. If a company is found to have traded whilst insolvent, directors can be personally liable for debts incurred by the company whilst the company was insolvent. Upon the appointment of a voluntary administrator, the directors cease to control the company and their liability for future trading ceases (although liability continues in respect of trading prior to the administrators' appointment). Accordingly, voluntary administration can be described as a ``safe harbor'' for directors and, as a result, is a step commonly taken by directors where they become concerned that a company may be insolvent or is likely to become insolvent in future.
The procedure involves the appointment of an administrator to a company that is, or is likely to become, insolvent. It is a temporary process in the sense that it is not an end in itself. Rather, the administrator assumes management of the company's business, property and affairs (the directors' powers being suspended) for a short time with a view to either:
· maximizing the chances of the company, or its business, remaining in existence; or
· if it is not possible for the company or its business to remain in existence, resulting in a better return for the company's creditors and members than would result if the company were to enter liquidation.
In large administrations it is common for the administration (and therefore the moratorium period (referred to below)) to be extended by the Court, and this could be for up to 6 to 18 months.
Once an administrator has been appointed, the administrator must investigate the company's business, property, affairs and financial circumstances (and the directors are required to assist the administrator in doing this). Two meetings of creditors are held. The first is held within eight business days of the administrators' appointment. The purpose of that meeting is largely to confirm the appointment of the administrator, or to enable creditors to resolve to replace that administrator.
The second meeting is held within 20 business days of the administrators' appointment. If the administration occurs during the Christmas or Easter holiday period, the period is 25 business days. Prior to the second meeting, the administrator must formulate an opinion as to whether the administration should end (thus returning the company to the directors, for example because the company can continue to trade on a solvent basis), the company should be subject to a deed of company arrangement (in essence, a contract that binds all creditors, the company and sometimes others and seeks to restructure/rehabilitate the company), or the company should be wound up, and must report to creditors. At the second meeting, creditors may resolve on one of those three outcomes by a simple majority resolution. The capacity to vote on the resolution gives creditors a significant measure of control over the outcome of the voluntary administration procedure, in particular whether a deed of company arrangement is approved or whether the company goes into liquidation.
