Security over personal property under Australian law--overview of the PPS Act
The PPS Act establishes a national regime for taking security over personal property. It applies to a security interest with a requisite connection to Australia. The PPS Act governs Security Interests over all kinds of personal property (with limited exceptions described below) and regardless of whether the person granting the security interest is a company or an individual.
A p p lic a tio n a n d te rm ino log y
Personal property under the PPS Act does not include land (including interests in fixtures) and certain statutory rights, licenses and entitlements that are declared not to be personal property for the purposes of the PPS Act (such as mining tenements and certain security interests in water rights). In addition, the PPS Act does not apply to various interests (such as rights of set-off and liens arising by operation of law). Security over property which is excluded from the PPS Act and any other security interests to which the PPS Act does not apply are governed by the general law and specific State and Territory legislation (such as the statutes in relation to Torrens title land).
311
The PPS Act defines Security Interests broadly and by using a functional approach. As a result, any transaction which creates an interest in personal property which secures payment or performance of an obligation will constitute a security interest (including transactions such as retention of title arrangements, turnover trusts and hire purchase arrangements). In addition, certain interests are deemed to be Security Interests regardless of whether they secure payment or performance of an obligation (such as the interest of a lessor under a PPS lease (which is, broadly, a lease of goods for a term of more than one year (or in the case of motor vehicles, aircraft or watercraft, for a term of more than 90 days)) or the assignee of certain receivables). As a result, many arrangements not traditionally considered to be Security Interests will appear on the Personal Property Securities Register (``PPSR'').
The PPS Act refers to the person who has granted the security interest as the `grantor' and property the subject of a security interest as `collateral'. The PPS Act includes rules relating to priority, the status of other competing interests, (known as the taking free rules, which are discussed below in relation to priority) and enforcement. The enforcement provisions do not apply to property of a company while a receiver or receiver and manager is appointed to it and do not affect a secured creditor's contractual or general law rights of enforcement.
P e rfe ctio n
In order to attain the best possible priority under the PPS Act and to prevent the security interest from vesting in the grantor on insolvency, a security interest must be perfected. The most common method of perfection is by registration of the security interest on the PpSr . Where the grantor is a company, a security interest which is perfected solely by registration must be registered within 20 business days after the relevant security agreement came into force or at least six months prior to the commencement of the winding up or administration of the company or the execution of a deed of company arrangement by the company. If those time limits are not complied with, the security interest remains subject to a vesting risk for 6 months after registration. If a security interest vests, the secured party loses its interest in the collateral. In practical terms the property which is the subject of a security interest which has vested in the grantor will be added to the pool of assets available to creditors of the grantor generally.
