P e rfe ctio n
Other methods of perfection include taking possession or control of the collateral (in each case in accordance with the PPS Act). Those methods of perfection are only available in relation to specific types of property. Perfection by possession is only available for goods and certain other categories of personal property (such as certificated investment instruments). Perfection by control is only possible for certain types of financial property such as shares, units and bonds and, for a secured party that is an ADI, a bank accounts held with that ADI (discussed below). Security Interests perfected solely by possession or control will not appear on the PPSR.
Perfection can be lost if, for example, a secured party ceases to have possession or control of collateral (and did not also have a registration in respect of the interest).
The Security Interests which will arise under the general security deed to be granted over the assets of each of Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited, Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Limited and Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited (the ``General Security Deed'') and the specific security deed to be granted over the shares of Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited will be perfected by registration on the PPSR. Security over the shares in the Australian Guarantors will also be perfected by control. To accomplish this, the Security Agent will retain the Australian Guarantors' share certificates and blank transfer forms for those shares signed by the security provider (but with the details of the transferee left blank) and in default situations would be able to transfer or otherwise deal with the shares. The ability to transfer the shares will be facilitated by the blank transfer forms.
C o m m in g lin g
If the Noteholders have a security interest in goods (for example, trees, pulp or recovered paper) that are later manufactured, processed or commingled with other goods so that their identity is lost in another product or mass, that security interest continues in the product or mass.
For the purposes of the default priority rules in the PPS Act, perfection of a security interest in goods that later become part of the product or mass is taken to be perfection of the security interest in the product or mass.
If a security interest is later granted over the product or mass as a whole, the PPS Act regulates priorities between security interests by providing that any priority that the continuing security interest has over another security interest in the product or mass is limited to the value of the goods on the day on which they became part of the product or mass.
312
