Claims of unsecured creditors in insolvency proceedings, which were created before the opening of the proceedings, rank p a r i p a s s u . Taxes, social security contributions, wages and salaries are not, as such, privileged or preferential claims under Austrian insolvency law. Claims which lawfully arose against the debtor's estate after the opening of the proceedings, so called privileged claims (M a s s e fo rd e ru n g e n ) or claims which are secured by collateral (e.g., by a mortgage, a pledge over bank accounts or shares, an assignment of receivables for security purposes or a security transfer of moveable assets), so called preferential claims (A b s o n d e ru n g s re c h te ), enjoy priority in insolvency proceedings. Creditors of preferential claims have a right to preferential satisfaction from the proceeds of the realization of the assets serving as collateral, thereby excluding unsecured creditors. However, such secured creditors may participate in the pro rata distribution only to the extent that the proceeds from the realization of the collateral issued to them did not cover their claims or if they have waived their right to preferential treatment. Secured creditors do not have a voting right on the restructuring plan to the extent their claim is covered by security.
(A b son de ru ng sb erech tigte).
Once formal insolvency proceedings have been opened, creditors cannot satisfy their claims by obtaining an execution lien against the assets of the debtor. All execution proceedings against the debtor are stayed (V o lls tre c k u n g s s p e rre ). Execution liens obtained within 60 days prior to the opening of formal proceedings expire. A contractual stipulation providing for the right to withdraw from the agreement or for an automatic termination in the event of opening of insolvency proceedings against the other party is not enforceable. However, this provision does not apply to certain agreements listed in section 20 (4) of the Austrian Insolvency Act.
Austrian law also provides for certain creditors to be subordinated by law (in particular, but not limited to, claims made by shareholders (unless privileged) of the relevant debtor for the return of funds or payment of a consideration).
Powers of attorney granted by the relevant debtor and certain other legal relationships cease to be effective upon the opening of insolvency proceedings.
The Austrian Business Reorganisation Act (Unternehmensreorganisationsgesetz)
The Austrian Business Reorganisation Act (Federal Law Gazette No. 114/1997 as last amended by Federal Law Gazette No. 58/2010; U n te rn e h m e n s re o rg a n is a tio n s g e s e tz ) governs business reorganizations, which are designed to enable businesses in temporary financial distress to continue their business after having undergone a reorganization procedure. Only the debtor may apply for the opening of such a procedure, provided that the debtor is still solvent at the time of its application and is faced with the urgent need for reorganisation (R e o rg a n is a tio n s b e d a rf). The urgent need for reorganisation is statutorily presumed if both the quota of own funds (E ig e n m itte lq u o te ) is less than 8% and the fictitious duration of debt redemption (fik tiv e S c h u ld e n tilg u n g s d a u e r) exceeds 15 years. Contractual provisions that stipulate a termination right in the event of reorganization proceedings are invalid.
The right of avoidance (contestation) in the event of insolvency proceedings
Legal actions and legal transactions that have taken place within certain suspect periods prior to the opening of insolvency proceedings may be subject to an avoidance claim by the insolvency administrator according to the Austrian Insolvency Act. Basic requirements of such avoidance are: (i) the successful avoidance must result in an increase of the debtor's estate (B e frie d ig u n g s ta u g lic h k e it); (ii) the
