· Avoidance due to preferential treatment (A n fe c h tu n g w e g e n B e g u n s tig u n g ): The payment of or the granting of security to a creditor ( B e frie d ig u n g o d e r S ic h e rs te llu n g ) after or within 60 days prior to a material insolvency or application for the opening of insolvency proceedings or thereafter may be avoided if (i) the creditor obtained security or satisfaction to which it was not, or not in that way or at that time, entitled, unless it was not favored by this transaction (objective preferential treatment) or (ii) the creditor knew or should have known that the debtor acted with the intention to privilege the creditor (subjective preferential treatment) or (iii) the creditor is a close relative, unless such relative can prove that he or she did not have, and was not negligent in not having, knowledge of the debtor's discriminatory intent. Material insolvency means illiquidity or over-indebtedness in terms of insolvency law. Objective preferential treatment does not require any subjective elements on part of the counterparty; in particular the counterparty's knowledge of the financial condition of the debtor is irrelevant. Subjective preferential treatment requires the debtor's intention to favor a creditor and the creditor's knowledge of the debtor's intention. Such transactions carried out more than one year before the opening of the insolvency proceedings may not be contested.
317
A transaction is considered disadvantageous where the chances of satisfaction of the claims of the other creditors are worsened due to the transaction or if such agreements are directly disadvantageous to other creditors and the contracting partner knew or should have known of the debtor's material insolvency or pending insolvency application.
Disadvantageous transactions of the debtor concluded with non-creditors may be challenged if such agreements are either directly or indirectly disadvantageous to creditors, but only if the contracting partner (i) knew or should have known of the debtor's material insolvency or pending insolvency application and (ii) the disadvantage for the insolvency estate was objectively predictable at the time of the transaction; in particular when a restructuring plan is obviously inappropriate (o ffe n s ic h tlic h
u n ta u g lich e s S a nierungskonzept).
A transaction is considered indirectly disadvantageous (s o n s t n a c h te ilig ) if the transaction is objectively balanced, i.e. not directly disadvantageous but the transaction nonetheless lowers the recovery rate of creditors. In case of an indirectly disadvantageous transaction the contracting partner must prove that the disadvantage to the insolvency estate was objectively unpredictable. If the contracting partner and thus beneficiary of the satisfaction/securing or disadvantageous act is a close relative, he or she must in addition prove that he or she had, and was not negligent in having, no knowledge of the debtor's illiquidity or insolvency petition.
In addition, a creditor who has obtained an enforcement order (V o lls tre c k u n g s tite l) could possibly also avoid any transactions according to the Austrian Avoidance Act (Federal Law Gazette No. 337/1914 as last amended by Federal Law Gazette No. 29/2010; A n fe c h tu n g s o rd n u n g ) outside of formal insolvency proceedings. The conditions for such action vary to a certain extent from the rules described above, and the avoidance periods are calculated from the date when such other creditor exercises its rights of avoidance in the courts.
Perfection of Share Pledge
Pursuant to Austrian law, the creation of a valid (contractual) pledge requires both a contractual basis for the pledge (the so-called title) and perfection of the pledge (the so-called mode). While the pledge agreement between the pledgor and the pledgee constitutes the title, the relevant mode for perfection depends on the type of asset to be pledged. A pledge over shares in an Austrian limited liability company (G e s e lls c h a ft m it b e s c h ra n k te r H a ftu n g ) may be perfected by serving a written notification of the pledge on the company the shares of which are pledged. In addition, the pledge over the shares should be recorded in the pledgor's books and accounts (B u c h v e rm e rk ) so as to ensure that any person inspecting such books and accounts easily becomes aware of the pledge over the shares. No valid and enforceable security interest is created until the share pledge is appropriately perfected. The enforcement of a pledge over shares in an Austrian limited liability company will be subject to mandatory provisions of Austrian law which aim at protecting the interest of the pledgor, such as, for example, the requirement to obtain valuation of the shares prior to the enforcement and the restriction not to sell the shares for a price lower than the value of the shares according to the valuation.
