Prior to the enactment of the Act on Equity Replacements the Austrian Supreme Court had developed even stricter rules on equity replacing shareholder loans compared to the rules stipulated in the Austrian Act on Equity Replacements. In this context, it is uncertain whether the rules on equity replacing shareholder loans also apply to (controlling) atypical pledgees (a ty p is c h e P fa n d g la u b ig e r) and/or under what specific circumstances a secured lender may qualify as atypical pledgee.
Under Austrian law, certain accessory security interests such as pledges require that the pledgee and the creditor be the same person. Such security interests cannot be held on behalf of third parties who do not hold the secured claim. The Noteholders will not be party to the security documents relating to the Collateral. In order for the Noteholders to benefit from security interests under accessory Collateral, the Intercreditor Agreement will provide for the creation of a parallel debt. Pursuant to the parallel debt, the Security Trustee becomes the holder of a claim equal to each amount payable by an obligor under the Notes and the Guarantees. The pledges governed by Austrian law will directly secure the parallel debt. The parallel debt concept as such is not known under Austrian law and a parallel debt governed by a foreign law has not been tested under Austrian law, and there is accordingly no certainty that it will be held enforceable under Austrian law.
319
E n fo rc e m e n t o f c iv il lia b ilitie s re strictio n s
According to the Austrian Enforcement Act (Federal Law Gazette No. 79/1896 as last amended by Federal Law Gazette No. 69/2014; E x e k u tio n s o rd n u n g ), foreign judgments are only enforceable in Austria if the reciprocity is warranted by a bilateral or multilateral treaty between the countries involved or by a respective directive (V e ro rd n u n g ) of the Austrian government. The Republic of Austria and the United States have not entered into a treaty regarding the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered in either court in civil and commercial matters. In this regard, there is also no directive of the Austrian government in place. Therefore, the courts of Austria will not recognize and/or enforce a judgment obtained in the courts of the United States, be it a judgment rendered by a United States federal or state court. Accordingly, the subject matter upon which a judgment has been obtained in a United States federal or state court must be re-litigated before Austrian courts in accordance with applicable Austrian Civil Procedure Laws (Z iv ilp ro z e s s v e rfa h re n ). A judgment by a federal state court of the United States will be regarded by an Austrian court only as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which such judgment relates, and an Austrian court has to re-hear the dispute. Only after having obtained a final judgment before an Austrian court can enforcement procedures be initiated under the Austrian Enforcement Act.
D ire c to r in fa c t
A person granted the rights of information and control that actually influences the management of an Austrian Guarantor could, depending on the extent of such rights granted and the actual use of such rights, qualify as a director in fact (fa k tis c h e r G e s c h a fts fu h re r). The director in fact has the same obligations and liability as a regular director appointed in accordance with applicable Austrian corporate law. Therefore a person qualifying as such could be liable for any acts made in connection with the management of the company; in particular towards the company and the creditors of the company.
Banking law restrictions
The Austrian Banking Act (Federal Law Gazette No. 532/1993 as last amended by Federal Law Gazette No. 59/2014; B a n k w e s e n g e s e tz ) regulates certain banking activities. Companies may in general only conduct these banking activities on a commercial basis (g e w e r b lic h ) if they have been granted a banking license by the Austrian financial market authority (F in a n z m a rk ta u fs ic h ts b e h o rd e ). In addition, the Austrian Securities Supervision Act 2007 (Federal Law Gazette No. 60/2007 as last amended by Federal Law Gazette No. 59/2014; W e rtp a p ie ra u fs ic h ts g e s e tz 2 0 0 7 ), regulates certain activities which qualify as investment services and investment activities; such activities include the reception and transmission of orders in relation to one or more financial instruments, portfolio management and investment advice. Entities may in general only conduct such regulated activities on a commercial basis if they have either been granted a banking license or an investment service license by the Austrian financial market authority.
