Banking law restrictions
Besides any entity licensed by the Austrian supervisory authority to conduct regulated activities within the meaning of the Austrian Banking Act and the Austrian Securities Supervision Act also credit institutions or investment firms, respectively authorized in a member state of the European Economic Area, may conduct certain of the regulated activities in Austria. Such entity may conduct the relevant activities in Austria either by an established branch office or by way of the freedom to provide services, insofar as such activities are authorized under the legal provisions of the Member State of incorporation and the relevant notification procedure in line with the European law directive 2013/36/EU or the European law directive 2004/39/EC as amended and the relevant local laws have been complied with.
Accordingly, any entity which intends to conduct activities on a commercial basis regulated by the Austrian Banking Act or the Austrian Securities Supervision Act in Austria or from outside of Austria into Austria, requires a respective license or successful completion of EEA notification procedures. Conducting such regulated activities in Austria without the necessary license or successful completion of EEA notification procedures can trigger administrative fines and civil law sanctions. The Austrian Banking Act provides that whoever conducts (a) banking services set out in Art 4 (1) (1) of EU regulation 575/2013 without the required authorization is guilty of an administrative offence and may be subject to an administrative fine of up to EUR 5 million or up to twice the value of the economic benefit derived from such violation if not qualified as a criminal offense; or (b) other banking/investment services without the required authorization is guilty of an administrative offence and may be subject to an administrative fine of up to EUR 100,000, if not qualified as a criminal offense. A monetary penalty of up to EUR 100,000 is also set forth in the Austrian Securities Supervision Act for conducting certain activities
320
mentioned therein without the necessary license, if not qualified as a criminal offense. Furthermore, whoever conducts such regulated activities unlicensed shall not be entitled to any compensation connected with such activities (interests, commissions, fees, etc.) though the concluded transaction agreements remain valid. Sureties (B u rg s c h a fte n ) and guarantees granted in connection therewith on the other side are ineffective. In addition, civil lawsuits for unfair competition by competitors are possible.
Stamp duty
Under the Austrian Stamp Duty Act (Federal Law Gazette No. 267/1957 as last amended by Federal Gazette No. 13/2014; G e b u h re n g e s e tz ), stamp duty is triggered upon the creation of a document (U rk u n d e ; a term which has a specific technical meaning within the context of the Austrian Stamp Duty Act) on certain dutiable transactions enumerated in the Austrian Stamp Duty Act. Dutiable transactions include e.g., lease agreements, sureties, assignments and mortgages. Stamp duty on loan and credit agreements has been abolished as of January 1, 2011.
According to the Austrian Stamp Duty Act, stamp duty amounts in the case of:
(a) sureties (B u rg s c h a ft) are 1% of the secured amount (a guarantee may be treated as a surety for stamp duty purposes, if the guarantor under the guarantee does not explicitly waive all claims, remedies or defenses with respect to the underlying guaranteed transaction and the guarantee is not considered to be abstract); and
