Under the EU Insolvency Regulation, if a debtor is located in the European Union (other than Denmark), French courts shall have jurisdiction over the main insolvency proceedings if the center of the debtor's main interests is situated in France. In the case of a company or legal person, the place of the registered office shall be presumed to be the ``center of its main interests'' in the absence of proof to the contrary. In determining whether the ``center of main interests'' of a company is in France, French courts will take into account a broad range of factual elements.
Grace periods
In addition to the pre-insolvency and insolvency laws discussed below, the holders of the Notes could, like any other creditors, be subject to Articles 1244-1 e t s e q . of the French Civil Code (C o d e c iv il).
Pursuant to Articles 1244-1 e t s e q . of the French Civil Code, French courts may, in any civil proceedings involving the debtor, whether initiated by the debtor or the creditor, taking into account the debtor's financial position and the creditor's financial needs, defer or otherwise reschedule the payment dates of payment obligations over a maximum period of two years and decide that any amounts, the payment date of which is thus deferred or rescheduled, will bear interest at a rate that is lower than the contractual rate (but not lower than the legal rate set by the French Central Bank (B a n q u e d e F ra n c e ), which is 0.04% per annum in respect of year 2014) or that payments made shall first be allocated to the repayment of principal. If a court order under Articles 1244-1 e t s e q . of the French Civil Code is made, it will suspend any pending enforcement measures, and any contractual interest or penalty for late payment will not accrue or be due during the period ordered by the court. A creditor cannot contract out of such grace periods. When the debtor benefits from a conciliation proceeding, these statutory provisions shall be read in combination with Article L.611-7 of the French Commercial Code (see ``--C o n c ilia tio n
P ro c e e d in g s " ).
322
Insolvency test
Under French law, a company is considered to be insolvent (e n e ta t d e c e s s a tio n d e s p a ie m e n ts ) when it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due with its available assets taking into account available credit lines, existing debt rescheduling agreements and moratoria.
Mandat ad hoc and conciliation proceedings
