325
At the end of the observation period, if the Court considers that the company can survive as a going concern, it will adopt a safeguard or reorganization plan which will entail a restructuring and/or rescheduling of debts and may entail the divestiture of some or all of the debtor's assets and businesses (a sale of the entire business is not possible in a safeguard plan).
At any time during the observation period, the court may convert safeguard proceedings into reorganization proceedings (i) upon its own initiative, if the debtor appears to have been insolvent (en e ta td e c e s s a tio n d e s p a ie m e n ts ) before the opening of the proceedings, or (ii) at the debtors' request, or upon request of the administrator, the creditors' representative or the Public Prosecutor or upon its own initiative in the case where the debtor is cash-flow insolvent or (iii) at the debtors' request, or upon request of the administrator, the creditors' representative or the Public Prosecutor in case no plan has been adopted by the relevant creditors' committee and, if any, bondholders' assembly (as described below), if the approval of a safeguard plan is manifestly impossible and if the company would shortly become insolvent should safeguard proceedings be closed. At any time during safeguard or reorganization proceedings, the court may also convert such proceedings into liquidation proceedings if the debtor is cash flow insolvent and its recovery is manifestly impossible.
Safeguard plan or reorganization plan
The manners in which the liabilities will be settled, as provided for in the plan (debt remissions and payment times) must be submitted to the creditors during a consultation, prior to the plan being approved by the court. The rules governing consultation vary according to the size of the business.
"Ordinary" consultation: For debtors whose accounts are not certified by a statutory auditor or prepared by a chartered accountant, and who do not have more than 150 employees or 20 million of revenue, the administrator notifies the proposals for the settlement of debts to the court-appointed creditors' representative, who, individually or collectively, obtains the agreement of each creditor who filed a proof of claim, regarding the debt rescheduling or write-offs or debt-to-equity swaps proposed.
The French Commercial Code does not state whether the proposals for settlement can vary according to the creditor. According to legal commentaries and established practice, in the absence of a specific legislative prohibition, varying treatment of creditors should be possible, provided that it is justified by the specific position of the creditors. In practice, it is also possible to make alternative proposals at the consultation stage (which generally breaks down into a short-term option, with debt remissions and rapid payment of the balance, and a long-term option, with 100% repayment of the debts over 10 years, the courts tend to impose a long-term solution).
Creditors whose payment terms are not affected by the plan or who are paid in cash in full as soon as the plan is approved or upon admission of their claims are not consulted.
In the event of a consultation in writing, if a creditor does not respond within 30 days from receipt of the letter from the creditors' representative, such creditor is deemed to have accepted the debt rescheduling and/or write-off. However, with respect to debt-to-equity swap proposals, the creditors' representatives must obtain the agreement of each individual creditor in writing. The creditors' representative keeps a list of the responses from creditors, which is notified to the debtor, the administrator and the monitors.
