Creditors whose payment terms are not affected by the plan or who are paid in cash in full as soon as the plan is approved or upon admission of their claims are not consulted.
Within the framework of an ordinary consultation, if the creditors refuse the proposals that were submitted to them, the court that approves the safeguard or reorganisation plan can only impose uniform debt deferrals over a maximum period of 10 years (it being noted that debts whose maturity dates exceed the duration of the plan are not concerned and their maturity dates shall remain the same). Any debt write-off or debt-to-equity swap is contingent on individual acceptance.
The first payment must be made within a year of the judgment adopting the plan (in the third and subsequent years, the amount of each annual instalment must be of at least 5% of the total amount of the admitted debt claims).
C o m m itte e -b a s e d c o n s u lta tio n : For debtors who exceed the aforementioned thresholds, or for debtors who do not but with the authorization of the supervisory judge, the court-appointed administrator sets up two creditors' committees, on the basis of the debts that arose prior to the opening judgment: one for credit institutions (or assimilated institutions and entities having granted credit or advances in favor of the debtor) and their successive assignees having a claim against the debtor, and the other for suppliers having a claim that represents more than 3% of the total amount of the claims of all the debtor's
326
suppliers. These committees will be consulted on the safeguard or reorganisation plan drafted by the debtor's management with the assistance of the judicial administrator during the observation period. In addition, any member of a committee may submit an alternative safeguard or reorganisation plan to the debtor and the court-appointed administrator it being specified that these alternative plans are subject (i) to the preparation of a report for each alternative plan from the administrator and (ii) to the same two-thirds majority vote in each committee and by a two-thirds majority vote of the general meeting of the holders of the Notes (although the holders of the Notes are not permitted to present their own alternative plan) for their approval.
The committees must vote on the safeguard or reorganisation plan within a minimum of 15 days of its submission. The plan must be approved by a vote of each committee, constituting a two-thirds majority of the outstanding claims of the creditors casting a vote. The amounts of the claims secured by a trust (fid u c ie ) granted as security interest by the debtor are not taken into account. In addition, creditors for whom the plan does not provide any modification of their repayment schedule or provides for a payment of their claims in cash in full as soon as the plan is adopted or as soon as their claims are admitted do not take part in the vote.
If there are any holders of the Notes, they are required to vote on the plan during a general meeting of all holders of the Notes held for that purpose and approve the plan at the same two-thirds majority vote. Approval of the plan at the two-thirds majority shall, if the plan is approved by the court, bind all the members of the committees and the holders of the Notes (including those who voted against the adoption of the plan). The plan submitted to the committees and the holders of the Notes, if any, must take into account subordination agreements entered into by the creditors before the commencement of the proceedings, may treat creditors differently if it is justified by their differences in situation and may notably include debt rescheduling or write-offs, and/or debt-for-equity swaps (debt-for-equity swaps requiring the relevant shareholder consent).
Each creditor member of a creditors committee and each note holder must, if applicable, inform the judicial administrator of the existence of any agreement which makes the exercise of its vote subject to any conditions or whose purpose is the full or total payment by a third party of its claim as well as of any subordination agreement. The judicial administrator shall then submit to the creditor/note holder a proposal for the computation of its voting rights in the creditors committee/bondholders general meeting. In the event of a disagreement, the creditor/note holder or the judicial administrator may request that the matter be decided by the president of the applicable court in summary proceedings (en
