 the debtor must not be insolvent for more than 45 days when it initially requested the opening of c o n c ilia tio n ;
 in the context of c o n c ilia tio n proceedings, the debtor must have prepared a draft safeguard plan that aims to protect its operations in the long run and which is likely to be supported, within the group of those creditors who will be affected by the accelerated safeguard proceedings, by a sufficiently large majority of them to allow a likely adoption of the plan by the relevant creditors' committees and bondholders general assembly if any within the duration of the procedure i.e. three months for accelerated safeguard proceedings or a maximum of two months for accelerated financial safeguard proceedings;
 the debtor must (i) have its accounts certified by a statutory auditor or established by an accounting expert and have (x) more than twenty employees; or (y) have a turnover greater than 3 million excluding any applicable taxes; or (z) have total assets in its balance sheet greater than 1.5 million or (ii) establish consolidated financial statements in accordance with article L. 233-16 of the French Commercial Code; and
 the debtor must exceed the thresholds provided for to constitute creditors' committee (see above) or the court shall have ordered such constitution in the opening decision.
Where accelerated safeguard proceedings are opened, the creditors committees (only the credit institutions committee in accelerated financial safeguard proceedings) and the bondholders' general assembly are convened and are required to vote on the proposed accelerated safeguard plan within the minimum period of 15 days of delivery of the proposed plan (applicable in safeguard proceedings) (eight days in accelerated financial safeguard proceedings).
The plan is adopted following the same majority rules as in regular safeguard proceedings and it may notably provide for a debt rescheduling, and/or debt cancellation, and/or conversion of debt into equity (requiring the relevant shareholder consent).
The total duration of the accelerated safeguard proceedings is three months, while the duration of the accelerated financial safeguard proceedings is one month, unless the court decides to extend it by one additional month. If no plan is adopted by the creditors committee(s) and the bondholders' general assembly at the relevant majority rules within such timeframe, the Court shall terminate the accelerated safeguard or accelerated financial safeguard proceedings and may not impose any uniform debt rescheduling.
Judicial reorganization or liquidation proceedings
Judicial reorganization or liquidation proceedings (re d re s s e m e n t or liq u id a tio n ju d ic ia ir e ) may be initiated against or by a company only if it is insolvent (see ``-- In s o lv e n c y Test") and, for the liquidation proceedings only, if the company's recovery is manifestly impossible. The company is required to petition for insolvency proceedings (or for conciliation proceedings) within 45 days of becoming insolvent. If it does not, de jure managers (including directors) and, as the case may be, de facto managers may incur civil liability. Such proceedings may also be initiated by any creditor or the public prosecutor.
