Judicial reorganization or liquidation proceedings
329
The date of insolvency (c e s s a tio n d e s p a ie m e n ts ) is deemed to be the date of the court order commencing proceedings, unless the court sets an earlier date, which may be up to 18 months before the date of the court order. Except for fraud, the date of insolvency may not be fixed at an earlier date than the date of the final court decision that approved an agreement (h o m o lo g a tio n ) in the context of conciliation proceedings. The date of insolvency is important because it marks the beginning of the suspect period. Certain transactions undertaken during the suspect period may be void or voidable.
Under the judicial reorganization the administrator appointed by the court will assist the debtor in making some or all the management decisions (m is s io n d 'a s s is ta n c e ) and may also be empowered by the court to take over the management and control the company (m is s io n d 'a d m in is tra tio n ). The opening of liquidation proceedings entails the relief of the debtor of the management.
The court order commencing the proceedings may order either the reorganization or the liquidation of the company. In the event of reorganization, an administrator is usually appointed by the court (a d m in is tra te u r ju d ic ia ir e ) to investigate the business of the company during an initial observation period, which may last up to 18 months, and makes proposals either for the reorganization of the company (by helping the debtor to elaborate a reorganization plan--see above), or the sale of the business (plan de cession) or the liquidation of the company. Committees of creditors and meetings of the holders of the Notes may be created under the same conditions as in safeguard proceedings. At any time during this observation period, the court can order the liquidation of the company. At the end of the observation period, the outcome of the proceedings is decided by the court.
Concerning the liquidation proceedings, there are two possible outcomes of such liquidation scenario:
· a sale of the business (p la n d e c e s s io n ), or
· a sale of the assets one by one (via auction sales or sales on an amicable basis).
The Court may terminate the proceedings when the interest of the continuation of the liquidation process is disproportionate compared to the difficulty to sell the assets. The Court may also appoint a m a n d a ta ire in charge of continuing ongoing lawsuits and allocate the amounts received from these lawsuits.
