· a sale of the assets one by one (via auction sales or sales on an amicable basis).
Void and voidable transactions
``Void transactions'' include transactions or payments entered into during the suspect period that may constitute voluntary preferences for the benefit of some creditors to the detriment of other creditors. These include transfers of assets for no consideration, contracts under which the reciprocal obligations of the company significantly exceed those of the other party, payments of debts not due at the time of payment, payments made in a manner that is not commonly used in the ordinary course of business, any escrow ordered by a judicial decision if such decision is not final when reorganization or liquidation proceedings are commenced, security granted for debts previously incurred, any provisional measures (unless the writ of attachment or seizure predates the date of insolvency), operations relating to stock options, fiduciary transfers (unless the transfer is made as security for indebtedness entered into simultaneously) and modifications to existing fiduciary transfers securing previous debts, declarations of non-seizability (d e c la ra tio n d 'in s a is is s a b ilite ).
``Voidable transactions'' include payments for due debts made from the date of insolvency, transactions for consideration and notices of attachments made to third parties (avis a tie rs d e te n te u r), seizures (s a is ie a ttrib u tio n ) and oppositions made during the suspect period if the party dealing with the debtor company knew that it was insolvent (see ``--In s o lv e n c y Test" ). Transactions relating to the transfer of assets for no consideration are also voidable when entered into during the six-month period prior to the beginning of the suspect period.
Creditors' liability
Pursuant to Article L. 650-1 of the French Commercial Code as interpreted by case law, where safeguard, judicial reorganization or judicial liquidation proceedings have been commenced, creditors may be held liable for the losses suffered as a result of facilities granted to the debtor only if the granting of such facilities was wrongful and, in the case of fraud, interference with the management of the debtor or if the security or guarantees taken to support the facilities are disproportionate to such facilities. In addition, any security or guarantees taken to support facilities in respect of which a creditor is found liable in such circumstances can be cancelled or reduced by the court.
330
If a creditor has repeatedly interfered in the company's management, it can be deemed to be a de facto manager of such company (d irig e a n t d e fa it). In such a case, Article L. 651-2 of the French Commercial Code provides that, if judicial liquidation proceedings (liq u id a tio n ju d ic ia ir e ) have been commenced against the debtor, the creditor may be liable for bearing the excess of liabilities over the company's assets, along with the other managers (whether de jure or de facto), as the case may be, if it is established that their mismanagement contributed to the company's shortfall of assets. If such conditions are met, French courts will decide whether the managers should bear all or part of the shortfall amount.
Status of creditors during safeguard proceedings, accelerated financial safeguard proceedings, judicial reorganization proceedings or judicial liquidation proceedings
