Security Interests governed by French law may only secure payment obligations and may only be enforced following a payment default (including following acceleration) and may only secure obligations up to the secured amount that is due and remaining unpaid. Under French law, pledges over assets may generally be enforced at the option of the secured creditors either (i) pursuant to a judicial process (x) by way of a sale of the pledged assets in a public auction (the proceeds of the sale being paid to the secured creditors) or (y) by way of the judicial foreclosure (a ttrib u tio n ju d ic ia ire ) of the pledged assets or (ii) by way of contractual foreclosure (a ttrib u tio n c o n v e n tio n n e lle or p a c te c o m m is s o ire ) of the pledged assets to the secured creditors, following which the secured creditors become the legal owner of the pledged assets.
333
assets. In proceedings regarding an a ttrib u tio n ju d ic ia ir e or a p a c te c o m m is s o ire , an expert is appointed to value the collateral (in this case, the securities). If the value of the collateral exceeds the amount of secured debt, the secured creditor may be required to pay the pledgor an amount (the s o u lte ) equal to the difference between the value of the securities and the amount of the secured debt. This is true regardless of the actual amount of proceeds ultimately received by the secured creditor from a subsequent sale of the Collateral.
If the value of such securities is less than the amount of the secured debt, the relevant amount owed to the relevant creditors will be reduced by an amount equal to the value of such securities, and the remaining amount owed to such creditors will be unsecured.
Should the holders of the security over such collateral decline to request the judicial or contractual foreclosure of the securities, an enforcement of the pledged securities could be undertaken through a public auction in accordance with applicable law. Since such public auction procedures are not designed for a sale of a business as a going concern, however, it is possible that the sale price received in any such public auction might not reflect the value of our business as a going concern.
Parallel debt
Under French law, certain ``accessory'' Security Interests such as pledges require that the pledgee and the creditor be the same person. Such Security Interests cannot be held on behalf of the creditors by third parties who do not hold the secured claim, unless they act as Trustees (fid u c ia ire s ) under Article 2011 of the French Civil Code or as security agents (a g e n ts d e s s u re te s ) under Article 2328-1 of the French Civil Code, which is not the case here for the security documents governed by French law. The holders of interests in the Notes from time to time will not be parties to the security documents. In order to permit the holders of the Notes to benefit indirectly from a secured claim, the Intercreditor Agreement will provide for the creation of a ``Parallel Debt.'' Pursuant to such Parallel Debt, the Security Agent becomes the holder of a claim equal to each amount payable by an obligor under the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement (see ` `R is k F a c to rs -- R is k s R e la te d to th e C o lla te ra l-- T h e S e c u rity In te re s ts in th e C o lla te r a l w ill n o t b e g r a n te d d ir e c t ly to th e h o ld e r s o f th e N o t e s " ). The pledges governed by French law will directly secure the Parallel Debt, will not directly secure the obligations under the Notes and may not secure the other indebtedness secured by the Collateral. There is one published decision of the French Supreme Court (C o u r d e c a s s a tio n ) on Parallel Debt mechanisms (C a ss. c o m . September 13, 2011 n°10-25533 Belvedere) relating to a bond documentation governed by New York law. Such a decision recognized the enforceability in France of certain rights (especially the filing of claims in safeguard proceedings) of a security agent benefiting from a Parallel Debt. In particular, the French Supreme Court upheld the proof of claim of the legal holders of a Parallel Debt claim, considering that it did not contravene French international public policy (o rd re p u b lic in te rn a tio n a l) rules. The ruling was made on the basis that the French debtor was not exposed to double payment or artificial liability as a result of the Parallel Debt mechanism. Although this court decision is generally viewed by legal practitioners and academics as recognition by French courts of Parallel Debt structures in such circumstances, there can be no assurance that such a structure will be effective in all cases before French courts. Indeed, it should be noted that the legal issue addressed by it is limited to the proof of claims. The French court was not asked to generally uphold French Security Interests securing a Parallel Debt. It is also fair to say that case law on this matter is scarce and based on a case-by-case analysis. Such a decision should not be considered as a general recognition of the enforceability in France of the rights of a security agent benefiting from a Parallel Debt claim and no assurance can be given that such a structure will be effective in all cases before French courts. There is no certainty that the Parallel Debt construction will eliminate or mitigate the risk of unenforceability under French law. To the extent that the Security Interests in the Collateral created under the Parallel Debt structure are successfully challenged by other parties, holders of the Notes will not receive any proceeds from an enforcement of the security interest in the Collateral securing the Parallel Debt.
Trustee
Pledges governed by French law may also be granted to the benefit of the Security Agent as Trustee for the holders of the Notes in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, and may therefore not directly be granted to holders of the Notes. A concept of ``trust'' has been recognized for tax purposes by Article 792-0 b is of the FTC and the French Supreme Court (C o u r d e c a s s a tio n ) has held, in the Belvedere decision referred to above in respect of the Parallel Debt concept, that a trustee validly appointed under a trust governed by the laws of the State of New York could validly be regarded as a
