another third party, any German law governed accessory Security Interests such as pledges (P fa n d re c h te ) would extinguish and would therefore need to be re-created with the consequence that hardening periods would start again from the date of recreation of security.
If a German guarantor is incorporated in Germany in the form of a German limited liability company (G e s e lls c h a ft m it b e s c h ra n k te r H a ftu n g or ``GmbH''), the granting of collateral (including a guarantee of the notes) by a German guarantor is subject to certain provisions of the German Limited Liability Company Act (the ``GmbHG''), including rules on capital maintenance.
As a general rule, sections 30 and 31 of the GmbHG (``Sections 30 and 31'') prohibit a GmbH from disbursing its assets to its shareholders to the extent that the amount of the GmbH's net assets (i.e., assets minus liabilities and liability reserves) is or would fall below, or increases or would increase an existing shortfall of, the amount of its stated share capital ( B e g ru n d u n g o d e r V e rtie fu n g e in e r U n te rb ila n z ). Guarantees granted by a GmbH in order to guarantee liabilities of a direct or indirect parent or sister company are considered disbursements under Sections 30 and 31. Therefore, in order to enable German subsidiaries to guarantee liabilities of a direct or indirect parent or sister company without the risk of violating Sections 30 and 31 and to protect management from personal liability, it is standard market practice for credit agreements, indentures, guarantees and security documents to contain so-called ``limitation language'' in relation to subsidiaries in the legal form of a GmbH or limited liability partnership with a GmbH as its sole general partner (a GmbH & Co. KG) incorporated or established in Germany. Pursuant to such limitation language, the beneficiaries of the guarantees agree to enforce the guarantees against the German subsidiary only to the extent that such enforcement would not result in the GmbH's (or, in case of a GmbH & Co. KG, its general partner's) net assets falling below, or increasing an existing shortfall of, its stated share capital (provided that the determination and calculation of such shortfall is subject to certain adjustments and exemptions). Accordingly, any security and any guarantee provided by any German guarantor will contain such limitation language in the manner described. This could lead to a situation in which the respective guarantee granted by a GmbH or a GmbH & Co. KG cannot be enforced at all.
German capital maintenance rules are subject to evolving case law. Future court rulings may further limit the access of a shareholder to assets of its subsidiaries constituted in the form of a GmbH or of a GmbH & Co. KG, the general partner or general partners of which is or are a GmbH, which can negatively affect the ability of any German guarantor to make payments under the guarantee.
Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that the case law of the German Federal Supreme Court (B u n d e s g e r ic h ts h o f) regarding so-called destructive interference (e x is te n z v e rn ic h te n d e r E in g riff) (i.e., a situation where a shareholder deprives a German limited liability company of the liquidity necessary for it to meet its own payment obligations) may be applied by courts with respect to the enforcement of a subsidiary guarantee granted by any German guarantor. In such case, the amount of proceeds to be realized in an enforcement process may be reduced, even to nil. According to a decision of the German Federal Supreme Court ( B u n d e s g e ric h ts h o f), a security agreement may be void due to tortious inducement of breach of contract if a creditor knows about the distressed financial situation of the debtor and anticipates that the debtor will only be able to grant collateral by disregarding the vital interests of its other business partners. It cannot be ruled out that German courts may apply this case law with respect to the granting of a subsidiary guarantee by any German guarantor.
Furthermore, under German law a secured party is, upon request by the relevant security grantor, obligated to release security if the realizable value of the security is significantly higher than the value of the obligations secured by such security.
New Zealand
Norske Skog Tasman Limited is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of New Zealand (the ``New Zealand Guarantor''). All share capital in the New Zealand Guarantor is owned by Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited. The New Zealand Guarantor will guarantee the Notes and will grant a general security interest over all its present and after acquired property (subject to agreed exceptions including in respect of trade receivables subject to factoring arrangements) as security for its obligations under the guarantee.
341
