Norske Skog Tasman Limited is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of New Zealand (the ``New Zealand Guarantor''). All share capital in the New Zealand Guarantor is owned by Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited. The New Zealand Guarantor will guarantee the Notes and will grant a general security interest over all its present and after acquired property (subject to agreed exceptions including in respect of trade receivables subject to factoring arrangements) as security for its obligations under the guarantee.
The following is only a summary of the processes and relevant issues relating to security interests, enforcement and insolvency proceedings under New Zealand law (the rules relating to which are detailed and can be complex).
Enforcement of Guarantee with respect to the Exchange Notes
The Guarantee is a contractual obligation that is unsecured and subordinated in accordance with its terms. The Guarantee will rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the New Zealand Guarantor in a liquidation of the New Zealand Guarantor. The Guarantee is enforceable by bringing proceedings in the courts of New Zealand against the New Zealand Guarantor.
Enforcement of Guarantee with respect to the Senior Secured Notes
The guarantee will be governed by the laws of the State of New York and the security agreement will be governed by the laws of New Zealand. Such general security agreement will include an agreement by the New Zealand Guarantor to grant a first ranking mortgage over the land comprising the mill site of the New Zealand Guarantor but such mortgage will not be required to be registered immediately on the New Zealand land register maintained by Land Information New Zealand (``LINZ'').
Priority of interests registered on the LINZ register against New Zealand land is generally determined by order in time of registration. LINZ registration of the mortgage over the mill site (in order to achieve perfection and best priority of such mortgage) cannot take place until a caveat against dealings (which is LINZ registered against the certificate of title to the mill site) recording the grant of a lease to Mighty River Power Limited is discharged (this is expected to occur when the lease is LINZ registered and all associated issues are resolved). Accordingly only an equitable agreement to mortgage the mill site rather than a duly perfected LINZ registered mortgage will be possible at the outset (without the discharge occurring as noted above), but the general security agreement shall include a covenant by the New Zealand Guarantor to register the mortgage of the mill site with LINZ as soon as the caveat is removed.
In addition all shares of the New Zealand Guarantor owned by Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited will be made subject to a New Zealand law governed specific security agreement granted by Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited in favour of the Security Agent in support of the obligations of Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited as guarantor of the Notes (such guarantee to be governed by the laws of the State of New York).
Enforcement of Security Interests
