(iv) the obligation of a secured party (or receiver) to exercise its power of sale in good faith and to obtain on sale the best price reasonably obtainable at the time of sale for the asset sold.
C o m m e n c e m e n t o f p ro c e e d in g in N e w Z e a la n d a g a in s t the N e w Z e a la n d G u a ra n to r
Whilst a New Zealand court has jurisdiction over any New Zealand company, if the Security Agent commenced proceedings against the New Zealand Guarantor in New Zealand, it is possible that an application could be made by the New Zealand Guarantor to stay proceedings on the basis that New Zealand is not the most appropriate or convenient forum for the action. Even if the New Zealand court concludes it is an appropriate or convenient forum, further difficulties may arise in seeking to found a claim before a New Zealand court upon a breach of requirements of U.S. statutes, including in particular seeking to enforce liabilities predicated upon U.S. federal or state securities laws. Whether a New Zealand court will apply a foreign statute generally depends on the relevant choice of law rule (directing that the law of that foreign country will govern the matter) and the legal category to which the courts assign the foreign cause of action. For public policy reasons, a New Zealand court will ordinarily decline to apply a foreign statute which is a penal, revenue or public law of the foreign country.
Additionally, a New Zealand court will not give effect to a choice of law provision or an agreement to submit to the jurisdiction of a certain court if to do so would be contrary to public policy including without limitation, where a New Zealand court considers that the choice of governing law is not bona fide (and is not connected with the commercial realities of the guarantee) or legal.
Enforcement of U.S. judgments
The New Zealand Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments Act 1934 provides the primary statutory basis for the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgements in New Zealand. However, neither the Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments Act 1934 nor any other legislation provides for the recognition and enforcement in New Zealand of judgements of a New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City (or any appellate court with jurisdiction over any such court) as New Zealand and the US have no formal arrangements for enforcing judgments.
Accordingly, whether a judgment of such a court would be recognised and given effect to by a New Zealand court, following the commencement of a new action in the courts of New Zealand but without
343
any re-trial or re-examination of the merits of the action, would be determined by applicable common law principles. Under those principles this would depend upon a number of factors, including whether:
