approved by a majority in number representing 75% by value of creditors it is binding on all unsecured creditors as well as secured creditors who have voted in favor of the deed of company arrangement.
Liquidation is a statutory winding up process which can be initiated by the company's shareholders, directors or by the Court (on the application by, among others, creditors if the Court is satisfied the company is unable to pay its debts). Liquidation involves the realisation and distribution of a company's assets. Liquidators are appointed and operate in accordance with Part 16 of the New Zealand Companies Act 1993.
Once appointed, the liquidator takes over the management of the company, realises its assets, pays its creditors and distributes the balance (if any) to the company's shareholders. A liquidator has limited powers to carry on the business of the company. A liquidator is able to challenge insolvent transactions, or transactions at undervalue, terminate certain contracts, disclaim onerous property, compromise claims and sell the company's assets and/or business.
Secured creditors generally stand outside the liquidation process and separately realise their secured property. To the extent there is a shortfall, the secured creditor can claim in the liquidation as an unsecured creditor for that shortfall. Similarly, if there is a surplus after realisation the secured creditor must account to the liquidator for that surplus.
After realising the company's assets, the liquidator must apply the proceeds towards their own fees and expenses, followed by paying preferential creditors (generally in the nature of employee payments and taxes) and then general unsecured creditors. Each creditor will share in the proceeds proportionately.
R ece ivership
In New Zealand, receivership is the most common form of enforcement procedure in respect of insolvent companies who have granted security over their assets. Receivership is initiated by a secured party in relation to some or all of the assets of the company over which that secured party holds a security interest. The right to appoint receivers, and the scope of a receiver's powers, are generally a matter of contract under the terms of the relevant security agreement. The appointment and conduct of receivers is also regulated by the New Zealand Receiverships Act 1993 and the common law.
The appointment of a receiver does not create a moratorium in relation to the company or its assets and other creditors can continue to enforce their rights and remedies against the company or its assets subject to the prior ranking rights of the secured creditor.
A receiver is under a statutory duty to act: (i) in good faith and for a proper purpose; and (ii) must exercise his/her powers in the best interests of the appointing secured creditor. To the extent consistent with those duties, a receiver must exercise his/her powers with a reasonable regard to the insolvent company, others claiming an interest in the receivership property, unsecured creditors and guarantors of the insolvent company.
