A statutory manager has broad powers to manage and carry on the business of the company, challenge insolvent transactions, terminate certain contracts, disclaim onerous property, compromise claims and sell its assets and/or business.
C re d ito rs ' co m p ro m ise s
A creditors' compromise is a binding arrangement between an insolvent company and its creditors concerning payment of the company's debts other than in accordance with the strict legal rights of those creditors. The compromise may involve the suspension or deferral of payments, the acceptance of a lesser sum as full and final settlement or instalment arrangements, or the conversion of debt into equity.
Compromise arrangements are made under Part 14 of the New Zealand Companies Act 1993. The directors, a receiver or a liquidator may propose a compromise as of right, and a creditor or a shareholder may propose a compromise with the leave of the Court. Part 14 requires a distinction to be made between classes of creditors. Although each class of creditors vote on the proposal separately, the resolution must be the same for each class. Each class must approve the proposal by a majority by number and by 75% in value of creditors who voted in that class. Unless a proposal provides otherwise, the approval of the compromise is conditional upon all classes voting in favor of the proposal.
A compromise once approved by the required majority of creditors, will bind all creditors to whom notice of the compromise proposal was given, including even those that do not agree with it. However, a creditor who voted against the compromise may challenge the compromise by applying to the Court within 10 working days after notice of the result of the voting was given to the creditor. If the Court is satisfied that the compromise is unfairly prejudicial to that creditor or the class of creditors to which that creditor belongs, the Court may make an order that the creditor is not bound by the compromise.
Until the compromise is approved, there is no moratorium on creditors taking enforcement steps against the company.
C o u rt-a pp rove d sch e m e s o f a rran ge m en t a n d co m p ro m ise s
A rarely used process in the insolvency of companies is a Court-approved compromise, a scheme of arrangement or an amalgamation under Part 15 of the New Zealand Companies Act 1993. Part 15 allows a compromise to be approved by the Court outside of the Part 14 process discussed under ``Creditors' Compromises'' section above.
A Court may, on the application of a company or any of its shareholders or creditors, order that a compromise, arrangement or amalgamation be binding on the company and on such other persons or classes of persons including creditors as the Court may specify. Any order may be made on such terms and conditions as the Court thinks fit. However, as the Court has a duty to ensure that the rights of affected creditors are adequately protected, the Court is likely to order that the creditors vote on the proposed compromise before it considers whether to approve it.
