The liquidator has the ability to set aside insolvent transactions entered into during the specified period. An insolvent transaction is one entered into when the company is unable to pay its due debts and which enables a person to receive more than would have been likely in liquidation. The specified period is two years before the date of commencement of the liquidation (``specified period''). In respect of transactions occurring within the six months prior to the commencement of the liquidation (the ``restricted period''), there is a presumption that the company was insolvent at the time the transaction occurred.
The liquidator has the ability to set aside a charge or security interest entered into during the specified period if immediately after the charge or security interest was granted, the company was unable to pay its due debts (except to the extent of valuable consideration given at or after the time of the granting of the charge or security interest). In respect of a charge or security interest created within the restricted period (as defined above), there is a presumption that the company was insolvent at the time the charge or security interest was granted.
P ro ce ss fo r s e ttin g a sid e v o id a b le tra n sa ctio n s o r ch a rg e s
A liquidator must give notice to a recipient creditor of its challenge to a transaction or charge, and a creditor must object to the liquidator's notice within 20 working days. A creditor can oppose a liquidator's challenge on limited bases, such as that the creditor gave value and acted in good faith, or that the company and the creditor had a continuing business relationship which operates to set-off value given and received over the course of the relationship.
T ransactions a t an u nd ervalu e
A liquidator may recover any excess paid by a company to a creditor in a transaction at an undervalue during the specified period, in circumstances where the value received by the company was less than the value received by the person, and the company was unable to pay its due debts when it entered the transaction (or become unable to pay its due debts as a result of entering into the transaction).
O ther g ro u n d s
A guarantee or security interest granted by a company may also be set aside on other grounds under New Zealand law. For instance a guarantee may be unenforceable against the guaranteeing company if the directors of the guarantor did not comply with their duties to act in good faith for the benefit of the guaranteeing company (or where permitted by its constitution, its holding company) and for a proper purpose in giving the guarantee, in circumstances where the party relying on the guarantee knew of or suspected (or ought to have known or suspected) the breach. In addition, if the granting of a guarantee or security interest is a major transaction or involves financial assistance and there has been a failure to obtain shareholder or entitled person approval/agreement as required by the New Zealand Companies Act 1993 (or the company's constitution), it may be set aside on the basis that the action taken by the company or the board (in breach of the Companies Act or constitution) is unfairly prejudicial to the relevant shareholder or entitled person applying to the Court.
V oidable tra n sa ctio n s-- c o n s e q u e n c e s fo r N o te h o ld e rs
