A guarantee or security interest granted by a company may also be set aside on other grounds under New Zealand law. For instance a guarantee may be unenforceable against the guaranteeing company if the directors of the guarantor did not comply with their duties to act in good faith for the benefit of the guaranteeing company (or where permitted by its constitution, its holding company) and for a proper purpose in giving the guarantee, in circumstances where the party relying on the guarantee knew of or suspected (or ought to have known or suspected) the breach. In addition, if the granting of a guarantee or security interest is a major transaction or involves financial assistance and there has been a failure to obtain shareholder or entitled person approval/agreement as required by the New Zealand Companies Act 1993 (or the company's constitution), it may be set aside on the basis that the action taken by the company or the board (in breach of the Companies Act or constitution) is unfairly prejudicial to the relevant shareholder or entitled person applying to the Court.
With respect to the New Zealand Guarantor, Noteholders will need to be particularly mindful of the following risks given these aspects of New Zealand law and the risk factors identified earlier in these listing particulars:
· the Guarantee and the security given by the New Zealand Guarantor will be at risk of being set aside if the New Zealand Guarantor is placed in liquidation within the specified period (as defined above). This risk will be greater if the liquidation occurs during the restricted period (as defined above), as there will be a presumption that the New Zealand Guarantor was unable to pay its debts at the time of issue of the Notes; and
· if the Guarantee from the New Zealand Guarantor is set aside, Noteholders may be left without a claim on the New Zealand Guarantor and will have to rely solely on a claim against the Issuer and the other Subsidiary Guarantors, and any payments received from the New Zealand Guarantor may have to be repaid.
347
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CERTAIN LIABILITIES
The Issuers are private limited companies incorporated under the laws of Norway. The Guarantors are incorporated in Norway, Australia, Austria, France, Germany and New Zealand.
Many of our directors, officers and other executives are neither residents nor citizens of the United States. Furthermore, most of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon such persons or us or to enforce against them or us judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws despite the fact that, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, we and the Guarantors have appointed, or will appoint, an agent for the service of process in New York. It may be possible for investors to effect service of process within Norway and Guarantor jurisdictions upon those persons or us or over our subsidiaries provided that The Hague Convention on the Service Abroad of Judicial and Extrajudicial Documents in Civil or Commercial Matters of November 15, 1965 is complied with.
If a judgment is obtained in a U.S. court against any of the Issuers, us, any Guarantor or any security provider, investors will need to enforce such judgment in jurisdictions where the relevant company has assets. Even though the enforceability of U.S. court judgments outside the United States is described below for the countries in which we, the Issuer and the Guarantors are located, you should consult with your own advisors in any pertinent jurisdictions as needed to enforce a judgment in those countries or elsewhere outside the United States.
