(e) the U.S. judgment must not contravene Luxembourg international public policy or must not have been given in proceedings of a tax or criminal nature; and
(fra u de a la lo i).
Subject to the above conditions, Luxembourg courts do currently not review the merits of a foreign judgment even though there is no statutory prohibition for such review.
352
LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with this Offering will be passed upon by Linklaters LLP with respect to United States federal, New York law, French law, German law and Luxembourg law and by Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS with respect to Norwegian law. Certain legal matters relating to this Offering will be passed upon for the Initial Purchasers by Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP with respect to matters of United States federal, New York law and German law and by Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS with respect to matters of Norwegian law.
353
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS The Parent's Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31,2011,2012 and 2013 included in these listing particulars have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, independent auditors, who are independent accountants as stated in their reports and whose audit partners are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants. See " L is tin g a n d G e n e ra l In fo rm a tio n -- N o In c o r p o r a tio n o f O u r A n n u a l o r In te rim R e p o r ts ' ' for information in relation to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in these listing particulars. Effective January 1,2014, we engaged Ernst & Young to serve as our independent auditors. As a result, the Parent's Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2014 included in these listing particulars have been audited by Ernst & Young.
354
WHERE YOU CAN FIND OTHER INFORMATION For so long as any of the Notes are ``restricted securities'' within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, we will, during any period in which we are neither subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from the reporting requirements under Rule 12g3-2(b) of the Exchange Act, provide to the holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective purchaser of such restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner, in each case upon the written request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Any such request should be directed to us. All the above documents will be available at our registered office. We are not currently subject to the periodic reporting and other information requirements of the Exchange Act. However, pursuant to the Indenture and so long as the Notes are outstanding, we will furnish periodic information to holders of the Notes. See ``D e s c rip tio n o f th e S e n io r S e c u r e d N o te s -- C e rta in C o v e n a n ts -- R e p o r ts ". For so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of that exchange and the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, copies of such information will be available for review during normal business hours on any business day at our registered office. See ``L is tin g a n d G e n e ra l In fo rm a tio n ".
