The group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables, and available for sale. This classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition and re-evaluates this designation at every reporting date.
This category has two sub-categories: financial assets held for trading, and those designated at fair value through profit or loss at inception. A financial asset is classified in this category if it was acquired principally for the purpose of short-term sale or if so designated by management. Derivatives are also categorised as held for trading unless designated as hedges. Assets in this category are classified as current assets if they either are held for trading or are expected to be realised within 12 months of the balance sheet date.
Non-financial commodity contracts where the relevant commodity is readily convertible to cash, and where the contracts are not for own use, fall within the scope of IAS 39 F in a n c ia l In s tru m e n ts -- re c o g n itio n a n d m e a s u re m e n t. Such contracts are treated as derivatives in accordance with IAS 39. Norske Skog has a long-term energy contract in New Zealand that is treated as a derivative and measured at fair value through profit or loss. Furthermore, the energy contracts in Norway are nominated in EUR and contain embedded derivatives that are recognised at fair value through profit or loss. See
F-29
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Notes 7, 8 and 9 for more information. Commodity contracts within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as current assets, unless they are expected to be realised more than 12 months after the balance sheet date. In that case, they are classified as non-current assets.
b) Loans and receivables Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments, which are not quoted in an active market. Loans and receivables maturing less than 12 months after the balance sheet date are classified as current assets and presented as Trade and other receivables or Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet. Items maturing later than 12 months after the balance sheet date are presented within Other non-current assets.
c) Available-for-sale financial assets Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives, which are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets unless management intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the balance sheet date.
Derivatives and hedging
