Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Drawn bank overdrafts are shown as Interest-bearing current liabilities in the balance sheet.
Trade receivables Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when objective evidence exists that the group will be unable to collect the entire amount due in accordance with the original terms of each receivable. Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy, and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that the trade receivable is impaired. The amount of the provision is the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate.
Trade payables Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Borrowings Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between proceeds (net of transaction costs) and redemption value is recognised in the income statement over the period of the borrowing, using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the drawdown occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates. Borrowings are classified as current liabilities, unless the group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date. Interest costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
F-31
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Bond loans
The value of bond loans in the balance sheet is reduced by holdings of Norske Skog bonds. Amounts above or below amortised costs upon buy-back are recognised in the income statement in the same period the buy-back occurs.
