IFRS 12 Disclosures of interests in other entities
IAS 27 Separate financial statements (revised) The rules for consolidated financial statements are replaced by the new IFRS 10 and IFRS 12. What remains of IAS 27 is limited to accounting for subsidiaries, jointly controlled entities and associates in
F-35
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) separate financial statements. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IAS 28 Investments in associates and joint ventures (revised) As a consequence of the new IFRS 11 and IFRS 12, IAS 28 has been renamed, and the standard now describes the application of the equity method to investments in joint ventures in addition to associates. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IAS 32-- Financial instruments: presentation (amendment) The amendments clarify some of the requirements for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities in the balance sheet. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IFRIC 21-- Levies The group has adopted IFRIC 21 Levies with a date of initial application of 1 January 2014. The group operates in a number of countries where it is subject to government levies. The interpretation clarifies that a levy is not recognised until the obligation event specified in the legislation occurs, even if there is no realistic opportunity to avoid the obligation. The standard has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
New standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2015. None of these has been early adopted in 2014. New standards and amendments that are expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements are listed below:
