IFRIC 21-- Levies The group has adopted IFRIC 21 Levies with a date of initial application of 1 January 2014. The group operates in a number of countries where it is subject to government levies. The interpretation clarifies that a levy is not recognised until the obligation event specified in the legislation occurs, even if there is no realistic opportunity to avoid the obligation. The standard has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IFRS 9 Financial instruments IFRS 9 replaces the existing guidance in IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. IFRS 9 includes revised guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments, including a new expected credit loss model for calculating impairment on financial assets, and the new general hedge accounting requirements. IT also carries forward the guidance on recognition and derecognition of financial instruments from IAS 39. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2018 or later. The group has not fully assessed the impact of the adoption of IFRS 9.
IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers IFRS 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for determining whether, how much and when revenue is recognised. It replaces existing revenue recognition guidance, including IAS 18 Revenue, IAS 11 Construction Contracts and IFRIC 13 Customer loyalty programmes. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2017 or later. A final analysis of the consequences of IFRS 15 has not yet been completed. There are no other IFRSs or IFRIC interpretations, not yet effective, that are expected to have a material impact on the financial statements.
Important accounting estimates and assumptions The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of accounting estimates and assumptions for the future. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the group's accounting policies. Estimates and assumptions, which
F-36
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) represent a substantial risk for significant changes in the capitalised value of assets and liabilities during the coming financial year, are discussed below.
a) Critical judgment in applying the group's accounting policies The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosures of contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting period. Norske Skog has for instance applied judgment when identifying and recognising embedded derivatives, when choosing to present certain items as ``Other gains and losses ``as separate line items and presenting profit or loss from associated companies after operating earnings. It is important to note that the use of a different set of assumptions for the presentation of the consolidated financial statements could have resulted in significant changes in the line items presented.
b) Estimated decline in value of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (PPE) The group performs impairment tests to assess whether there has been a decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE. These are written down to their recoverable amount when the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying value of the asset. The recoverable amount from assets or cash-generating units is determined by calculating the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash-generating unit. Calculation of value in use requires use of estimates. See Note 4 for further information.
