9
The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. fordldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt register as contemplated under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent shall at the request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.
The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Holders.
At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to the Agent.
The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) may use the information referred to in Clause 6.3 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and shall not disclose such information to any Holder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER
