Prime Living AB (publ)
PROSPECTUS REGARDING THE LISTING OF MAXIMUM SEK 600,000,000
SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS 2017/2020
ISIN: SE 0009806383
17 May 2017
IMPORTANT INFORMATION TO INVESTORS
The prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been prepared by Prime Living AB (publ) (the "Company", the "Parent Company" or the "Issuer"), the Parent Company of the group (the "Group" or "Prime Living") as the context may require, in relation to the application for listing of bonds issued on 19 April 2017 under the Company's maximum SEK 600,000,000 senior unsecured callable floating rate Bonds 2017/2020 with ISIN code SE0009806383, of which SEK 400,000,000 was issued on 19 April 2017 (the "Bonds") in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions"), on the corporate bond list at Nasdaq Stockholm ("Nasdaq Stockholm").
The figures included in this Prospectus have, in certain cases, been rounded off and, consequently, the tables contained in this Prospectus do not necessarily add up. All financial amounts are in Swedish kronor ("SEK"), unless indicated otherwise. Except as expressly stated herein, no financial information in this Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Company's auditor. Financial information relating to the Company in this Prospectus that is not part of the information audited or reviewed by the Company's auditor as outlined herein originates from the Company's internal accounting and reporting systems.
This Prospectus is not an offer for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Bonds in any jurisdiction. It has been prepared solely for the purpose of listing the Bonds on Nasdaq Stockholm. This Prospectus may not be distributed in any country where such distribution or disposal requires additional prospectuses, registration or additional measures or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such country. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes or any person who acquire the Bonds are therefore required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the Securities Act). The Company has not undertaken to register the Bonds under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws or to affect any exchange offer for the Bonds in the future. Furthermore, the Company has not registered the Bonds under any country's securities laws. It is the investor's obligation to ensure that the offers and sales of Bonds comply with all applicable securities laws.
