The figures included in this Prospectus have, in certain cases, been rounded off and, consequently, the tables contained in this Prospectus do not necessarily add up. All financial amounts are in Swedish kronor ("SEK"), unless indicated otherwise. Except as expressly stated herein, no financial information in this Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Company's auditor. Financial information relating to the Company in this Prospectus that is not part of the information audited or reviewed by the Company's auditor as outlined herein originates from the Company's internal accounting and reporting systems.
This Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations in the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. lag (1991:980) om Handel medfinansiella instrument) and Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, each as amended. This Prospectus has been approved by and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) in accordance with the provisions in Chapter 2, Sections 25 and 26, of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. It should be Bondd that such approval and such registration does not constitute any guarantee from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority that the information in this Prospectus is accurate or complete. The Prospectus will be available at the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's web page (www.fi.se), the European Securities and Markets Authority's web page (www.esma.europa.eu) and the Company's web page (www.primeliving.se) and paper copies may be obtained from the Company.
The Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential investor in the Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context o f its particular financial situation, an investment in the Bonds and the impact other Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Bonds; (iv) understand thoroughly the Terms and Conditions; and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements and opinions. Forward-looking statements are statements that do not relate to historical facts and events and such statements and opinions pertaining to the future that, by example, contain wording such as "believes", "estimates", "anticipates", "expects", "assumes", "forecasts", "intends", "could", "will", "should", "would", "according to estimates", "is of the opinion", "may", "plans", "potential", "predicts", "projects", "to the knowledge of" or similar expressions, which are intended to identify a statement as forward-looking. This applies, in particular, to statements and opinions in this Prospectus concerning the future financial returns, plans and expectations with respect to the business and management of the Company, future growth and profitability and general economic and regulatory environment and other matters affecting the Company.
Forward-looking statements are based on current estimates and assumptions made according to the best of the Company's knowledge. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause the actual results, including the Company's cash flow, financial condition and results o f operations, to differ materially from the results, or fail to meet expectations expressly or implicitly assumed or described in those statements or to turn out to be less favorable than the results expressly or implicitly assumed or described in those statements. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements herein, and are strongly advised to read this Prospectus in its entirety including all documents that are incorporated by references under the section "Overview o ffinancial reporting". The Company cannot give any assurance regarding the future accuracy of the opinions set forth herein or as to the actual occurrence o f any predicted developments.
In light of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions associated with forward-looking statements, it is possible that the future events mentioned in this Prospectus may not occur. Moreover, the forward-looking estimates and forecasts derived from third-party studies referred to in this Prospectus may prove to be inaccurate. Actual results, performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to, without limitation: changes in general economic conditions, in particular economic conditions in the markets on which the Company operates, changes affecting interest rate levels, changes affecting currency exchange rates, changes in competition levels, changes in laws and regulations, and occurrence o f accidents or environmental damages.
After the date o f this Prospectus, the Company, is not under any obligation, except as required by law or Nasdaq Stockholm's Rule Book for Issuers, to update any forward-looking statements or to confirm these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.
1
