There is no ratingfor the Issuer or the Bonds Neither the Issuer nor the Bonds have a credit rating from an international credit rating institute. Even though a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time, it indicates the credit agency's assessment of the Company's creditworthiness. As a result investors need to make their own assessment on the Company's ability to fulfil their obligations of
payments under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. Some investors e.g. financial institutions may also be restricted of investing in Bonds without a credit rating which may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Bonds. Preferential claim Within its overall financing Prime Living and its subsidiaries have incurred loans from credit institutions and investors. Such financing are usually preferential claims on the group and security over properties and share certificates in Prime Living's property owning subsidiaries have been granted therefor. Prime Living and its subsidiaries intend to continue to seek appropriate and favorable financing and new loans may be incurred. The Bonds constitutes a partly secured obligation of Prime Living. Each investor should be aware that there is a risk that investors in the Bonds may lose part or all of the investment in the event of Prime Living's liquidation, bankruptcy or corporate restructuring. Creditor meeting The terms and conditions of the bonds contains certain regulations regarding Creditor meeting or written decision-making which can be held in order to determine matters relating to Creditors' interests. These regulations permit specified majorities to bind all holders of bonds, including holders of bonds who have not participated and voted at the current meeting or who have voted in another way than required majority, to decisions made at a duly convened and conducted Creditor meeting. Consequently, the actions of the majority in such matters could impact a Creditors' rights in a manner that would be undesirable for some of the Creditors. Risks related to early redemption andput options Under the Terms and Conditions, and as described in the Term Sheet, the Issuer has reserved the possibility to redeem all outstanding Bonds before the final redemption date. If the Bonds are redeemed before the final redemption date, the Bondholders have the right to receive an early redemption amount that exceeds the nominal amount. However, there is a risk that the market value of the Bonds is higher than the early redemption amount. Hence, it may not be possible for Bondholders to reinvest such proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Bonds. Furthermore, the Bonds are subject to prepayment at the option of each Bondholder (put options) upon a Change of Control. There is however a risk that the Issuer will not have sufficient funds at the time of such prepayment to make the required prepayment of Bonds. Right to payments that have not been claimed within three years are prescribed In case any payment under the Bonds has not been claimed within three years from the original due date thereof, the right to such payment shall become void. Such prescription may incur financial losses to such Bondholders who have not claimed payment under the Bonds within the prescription time of three years.
9
STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY
The Bonds were issued on 19 April 2017 and the issue was made based on a decision by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Prospectus has been prepared in relation to the Company admission to trading of the Bonds on the corporate bond list on the regulated market Nasdaq Stockholm, in accordance with the Directive 2003/71/EC together with any applicable implementing measures, including Directive 2010/73/EC and the Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 (including the Commission Regulation (EC) No 486/2012) and Ch. 2 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act, each as amended.
The Board o fDirectors is responsiblefor the information given in the Prospectus only under the conditions and to the extent setforth in Swedish law. The Board o fDirectors confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to
ensure that such is the case, the information in the Prospectus is, to the best o f the Board o fDirectors ' knowledge, in accordance with thefacts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import.
Stockholm, May 2017 Prime Living AB (publ) The Board o fDirectors
10
