19 January, 19 April, 19 July and 19 October each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date being 19 July 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
19 October 2020
Payment of the Nominal Amount and interest shall be made to the person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event. The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event
Means the situation where the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date.
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void.
A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent. The Agent agreement is available at the Agent's office.
Intertrust (Sweden) AB (publ), reg.no. 556625-5476, Sveavägen 9, SE-111 57 Stockholm.
12
