The Bonds are connected to the account-based system of Euroclear Sweden AB, registration number 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, SE 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. Holdings of the Bonds are registered on behalf of the Holders on a securities account and no physical Bonds have, or will be, issued. The Bondholders' financial rights such as payments of the Nominal Amount and interest, as well as, if applicable, withholding of preliminary tax will be made by Euroclear Sweden.
Cost and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the listing of the Bonds such as expenses for admission to trading in relation to the SFSA and Nasdaq Stockholm (excluding Nasdaq Stockholm's annual fee) as well as fees to advisors is estimated to be approximately SEK 250,000.
Governing law:
The Bonds have been issued in accordance with Swedish law.
13
THE COMPANY AND ITS OPERATIONS
Introduction Prime Living is a creative company that builds and manages student residences. The production is unique, with an efficient production method based on steel modules with standardized fast linking strongholds for lifting and shipping, which provides low costs and short production time. Existing inventory and new construction is geographically concentrated to the metropolitan areas and larger university cities where there is a deficiency of student accommodations. The Company is currently in a construction phase and in the medium term the focus will be on new production. In the long term the Company believes that it will have strong cash flows combined with the building of about 1,000 modules per year.
History Prime Living was founded in February 2009 in connection to the acquisition of the properties Ferdinand 8 and 10 in Spånga, Stockholm. The Company has since then developed a revolutionary concept with a production method based on steel modules with standardized fast linking strongholds for lifting and shipping. Prime Living specializes in utilizing the advantages that comes with prefabrication of residential units and has developed installation and connections on the building site which shortens construction times and minimizes production errors. The company has always strived to control the entire value chain of the modular concept. In line with this, in 2016 Prime Living established a new division, Prime Living Industries. The division handles all aspects of turnkey projects, from design to procurement and construction of residential modules. Prime Living has currently offices in Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö.
Business idea and strategy Prime Livings business idea is to build permanent and temporary residences in the Nordic market with a concept that gives low costs and short production time, and then manage them. Focus lies on student residences and the growth is therefore mainly concentrated to university cities. The Company has a targeted communication to local authorities in order to obtain appropriate assignments of land. Through strategic cooperation with other operators and by using the lower costs of Chinese manufacturers for prefabricated contract manufacturing of residential modules in the factory with a finished concept, the costs can be kept down. Another way to keep costs down is to manage the whole production chain which has been implemented by establishing the subsidiary Prime Living Industries. By using standardized shipping and installation in terms of container measurements/fixings, the logistics are highly effective with short lead and establishment time.
