14
· EFFECTIVE - Up to now the Company has constructed four story buildings. In coming projects up to twelve stories will be constructed.
· DESIGN - Great opportunities for different expressions. · ENVIRONMENTAL FRIENDLY - The modules are produced with recyclable materials. · ENERGY SOLUTIONS - Heat pumps, wood pellets and district heating. · MEETS REQUIREMENTS - The modules are constructed in accordance with Swedish building
regulations (rules of the National Housing Board). · FINANCE - There are great economic benefits with the project development, as well as the production
time only being four to five months from construction start to finished house. Targets The Company's volume goal is to develop and produce 1,000 modules per year and within four years reach 5,000 modules in management. This will be done with a long term high profitability and with a loan to value ratio of up to 75 percent of the market value. The existing portfolio as of the day the Prospectus, including development rights, consists of about 3,200 apartments. Vision The Company's vision is to become one of the leading operators in the student residence market in the Nordic region, with focus also on youth and temporary residences. Mission Prime Livings' mission is to meet the student housing shortage by developing and offering modern student housing at reasonable rents with good profitability. The Company's mission is to build 1,000 modules per year and within four years to achieve 5,000 modules under management.
15
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS
Board o f directors The board of directors shall, as determined by the shareholder's meeting, consist of no less than three (3) and no more than ten (10) members with no more than ten (10) deputy members. As of the date of the Prospectus, Prime Living's board of directors consists of five (5) ordinary members, including the chairman of the board, with no deputy board member, all of whom are elected for the period up until the end of the annual shareholders' meeting 2017. The table set out the members of the board of directors and the year of their initial appointment.
Name Jan Severa Ola W engberg M ichael Persson H arald Bengtsson Håkan Nyberg
