Material agreements of the Group
Outstanding Notes "Prime Living 102 " On 28 October 2016 the Company issued notes (Prime Living 102) with redemption date on 28 September 2020 The notes carries interest at a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) + 4.50 per cent. per annum. The Company used the proceeds to refinance the existing financing of three subsidiaries and for general corporate purposes. The notes constitutes direct, unconditional unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Company. The notes were listed on the Nasdaq corporate bond list on 28 October 2016.
Joint Venture Cara Cove Holding AB On 28 March 2017, Prime Living International AB entered into a joint venture with Cara Cove Holding AB regarding a new established subsidiary in Ireland, Prime Living Ireland Ltd. Prime Living International AB, a wholly owned subsidiary of Prime Living AB, is the owner of 60 per cent of the shares in Prime Living Ireland Ltd. The agreement regulates shareholders' objectives regarding voting rights, equity, financing, transfer of shares and jurisdiction. This is a first step in a broader initiative for construction of student housing in Ireland and the UK.
19
Exclusive contract with Cube China On 29 April 2016 the Company signed a new agreement with module producer Cube China, a subsidiary to AVIC a company owned by the Chinese state, regarding exclusive rights for the European market. The agreement extends to 2027. The agreement ensures Prime Living's continued expansion over ten years to predictable costs.
Other than the above stated, the Company is not a party to any material agreements outside of the ordinary course of business which could result in an entity within the Group having a right or an obligation that could materially affect the Company's ability to meet its obligations under the Bonds to the Bondholders.
Disputes On 2 June 2016 Modular ML AB declared bankruptcy. According to ABT06 that regulates the Company's turnkey contract with Modular ML AB, Prime Living's obligations ceases with immediate effect. Modular ML AB (in bankruptcy) has addressed a claim, amounting to about 20 MSEK, against one of the subsidiaries in Prime Living regarding an unpaid debt. Prime Living denies all claims and has submitted a counterclaim regarding inter alia unpaid debts that exceeds the claim from bankruptcy estate.
The Group is, through Prime Living Beryllgatan AB, involved in ongoing legal disputes regarding four invoices which Collector Bank AB has acquired from Modular ML AB. The invoices relates to a contract between Prime Living Beryllgatan AB and Modular ML AB regarding the construction of four buildings. As the invoices is due for payment, Collector Bank AB submitted a claim against Prime Living Beryllgatan AB on 18 January 2017. Prime Living considers that Modular ML AB hasn't fulfilled its part of the agreement and therefore Prime Living denies all claims.
Other than the above stated, the Company is not, and has not been, part to any legal or arbitration proceedings during the last 12 months that may have, or have had, significant effects on the Company's or the Group's financial condition or profitability.
