IFRS Euroclear Sweden
Prim e Living A B (publ), reg. no. 556715-7929, a public lim ited liability com pany w ith registered office in Stockholm, Sweden. Prim e Living AB (publ), the group in w hich Prim e Living AB (publ) is the parent company as the context m ay require. Intertrust CN (Sw eden) A B , Sw edish Reg. No. 556625-5476, P.O. B ox 16285, 103 25 Stockholm, Sweden. Refers to the Senior U nsecured Callable Floating Rate Bonds 2017/2020 Refers to the term s and conditions o f Prim e Living A B 's SEK 600,000,000 Senior U nsecured Callable Floating Rate Bonds 2017/2020 included in the Prospectus under section "Term s an d C onditions" . International Financial Reporting Standards Euroclear Sweden A B, registration num ber 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE 101 23 Stockholm , Sw eden. The corporate bond list on the regulated m arket operated by N asdaq Stockholm AB. This Prospectus. Swedish krona. Chinese Yuan Renminbi US Dollar
2
RISK FACTORS
Investments in Bonds always entail a risk and an investment in the Company's Bonds is not an exception in this respect. Potential investors should give careful consideration to all the information provided in the Prospectus and in particular assess the specific risk factors mentioned below which describe certain risks inherent in an investment in the Bonds. Each o f the risk factors below and other risks and uncertainties mentioned in the Prospectus could, i f they are realized, have a material negative effect on the Group's business, results, financial position or outlook, or result in a reduction in the value o f the Bonds, which can lead to investors losing all or part o f their invested capital. The risks and uncertainties described below are not stated in order o f significance and do not represent the only risks and uncertainties faced by Prime Living. Further risks and uncertainties o f which the Company is currently not aware or perceives as being insignificant could also develop into factors that could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition or outlook.
RISKS RELATED TO THE GROUP'S BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
Changes in macroeconomicfactors can lead to higher vacancy rates, increased costs and lower rental rates The real estate business and its industry related risks are to a large extent affected by macroeconomic factors such as the general economic trend, growth rate, employment rate, production rate of new premises, changes of infrastructure, population growth, inflation and interest rates. The development of the economy affects the employment rate, which is a material factor for supply and demand on the real estate market and accordingly affects vacancy and rental rates for the properties.
Expectations regarding the inflation affect the interest rate and therefore affect the Company's net financial income. The interest cost for debts to, inter alia, financial institutions is a major cost for Prime Living. In the long term, changes in the interest rate have a significant effect on Prime Living's result and cash flow. Inflation also affects Prime Living's costs. In addition, changes in the interest rate and the inflation also affect the yield requirements and thus the market value of the properties. As of the date of the Prospectus, Prime Living's tenants are only housing tenants and constitute a dominating share of the rent incomes. Negative changes in the macroeconomic factors could adversely affect the Company's operations, result and financial position.
Changes in supply and demand on real estate in different geographical markets can lead to lower yields on real estate investments Supply and demand regarding real estate and therefore the yield on real property investments differ between various geographical markets and may also develop differently on different geographical markets. Prime Living has a diversified real estate portfolio with real estate in different geographical markets, with its latest subsidiary established on Ireland as the first step in expanding on the Irish and UK markets. There is a risk that demand levels may be low on several or all geographical markets, or that the Irish/UK expansion fails or becomes less profitable than expected, which may have an adverse effect on Prime Living's operations, result or financial position.
