"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or any of its Affiliate, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the tenns "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the Bondholders' agent and security agent under the Tenns and Conditions, and if relevant, the Finance Documents from time to time; initially Intertrust (Sweden) AB (publ), reg.no. 556625-5476, Sveavägen 9, SE-111 57 Stockholm.
"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bank Account" has the meaning set fourth in Clause 11.1.2
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act {Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument), issued by the Issuer under these Tenns and Conditions.
"Bondholder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 1 6 {Bondholders'Meeting).
