Expectations regarding the inflation affect the interest rate and therefore affect the Company's net financial income. The interest cost for debts to, inter alia, financial institutions is a major cost for Prime Living. In the long term, changes in the interest rate have a significant effect on Prime Living's result and cash flow. Inflation also affects Prime Living's costs. In addition, changes in the interest rate and the inflation also affect the yield requirements and thus the market value of the properties. As of the date of the Prospectus, Prime Living's tenants are only housing tenants and constitute a dominating share of the rent incomes. Negative changes in the macroeconomic factors could adversely affect the Company's operations, result and financial position.
Prime Living is affected by the level o f rental rate income, the rental level which can be maintained by the Company regarding its rental apartments, and runs the risk o f tenants notpaying rent on time If the rental level or rent level falls, for whatever reason, it may have an adverse effect on Prime Living's result. The risk of large swings in vacancy levels and loss of rental income increases in a real estate company with a number of large, individual tenants. As of the date of the Prospectus, Prime Living only has housing tenants (students) except in Lund where Lund University rents all apartments and in Beryllgatan, Gothenburg, where Chalmers University of Technology has signed a rental agreement for 86 of the 208 apartments.
Prime Living is dependent on tenants paying agreed rents on time and therefore there is a risk regarding tenants suspending their payments or otherwise not fulfilling their obligations, which may have an adverse effect on Prime Living's operations, result or financial position.
Prime Living is exposed to risks relating to disruptions in production As of the date of the Prospectus, Prime Living's modules are manufactured by external suppliers in China. These suppliers sometimes rent space in the premises where the modules are manufactured. There is a risk that the
3
external parties' rent agreements or other agreements important for production of modules expire or are terminated which could result in contracted deliveries of modules being delayed or absent. There is also a risk that negative events, outside the Company's control, occur such as local strikes, factory fires, material shortage, natural disasters or other events that cause disruptions in production or that contracted deliveries of modules are delayed or absent. If any of these risks were to materialize, it could have an adverse effect on Prime Living's operations, result or financial position.
Prime Living's housing modules are manufactured in China and there is a risk that the housing modules are damaged or destroyed during transport both at sea and on land Prime Living manufactures its housing modules at two external factories located in China. The modules' size corresponds to the standard that applies to transport containers and the finished modules are then transported by shipping, usually to the discharge port closest to the location where the housing modules are to be established. The transportation from the port to the final destination is usually made by truck. There is a risk that the transports are delayed or otherwise exposed to events such as shipwreck, groundings, cargo washed over board, collisions, traffic accidents or heavy weather, which may delay the transport and/or damage or completely destroy the housing modules as they are transported. If any of these risks were to materialize, and if the loss/damage cannot be recovered from insurance compensation, it could have an adverse effect on Prime Living's operations, result or financial position.
Prime Living is exposed to risks relating to its real estate developmentprojects Prime Living's business largely covers real estate development project in the form of new construction. Thus, a prerequisite for the Company's continued development of such projects is that they can be carried out with economic profitability. The ability to conduct real estate development projects with economic profitability is partly dependent of a number of factors, such as that Prime Living's ability to retain and recruit the necessary competence in areas such as construction, engineering, design and sales, obtaining and maintaining necessary permits and administrative decisions (including time-limited planning permissions that may be terminated prematurely) and procuring contracts for project implementation on acceptable terms for the Company. There is a risk that procured contracts, e.g. for reasons attributable to the entrepreneur, are delayed or can not be completed, which in turn could, inter alia, lead to increase project costs, or that Prime Living's customers direct claims against the Company due to breach of contract.
Further, Prime Living's real estate development depends on current supply and financing of new project on acceptable terms for the Company, including, inter alia, access to new property for construction, obtaining construction permits, building authorization and development of current and new collaborations with partners. The ability to conduct real estate development projects with economic profitability may, inter alia, be affected by if the projects adequately respond to the market's demand, if demand or markets rents change in general, the lack of planning, analysis and cost control, changes in taxes and fees, and other factors that can lead to delays or increased unexpected project costs.
