5.1 Each Bondholder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
5.3 Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
5.4 No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
5.5 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which allegedly has purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Bondholder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.
6.
BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM
6.1 The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
6.2 Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
6.3 The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
