7.
7.1 If any Person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under these Terms and Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of authorisation for such Person.
7.2 A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under these Tenns and Conditions in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder.
7.3 The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7.1 and 7.2 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
8.
PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS
8.1 Any payment or repayment under these Tenns and Conditions, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
8.2 If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any other payment that shall be made under these Tenns and Conditions shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transfen'ed by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Bondholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
8.3 If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9.4 during such postponement.
