Prime Living is exposed to risks relating to its real estate developmentprojects Prime Living's business largely covers real estate development project in the form of new construction. Thus, a prerequisite for the Company's continued development of such projects is that they can be carried out with economic profitability. The ability to conduct real estate development projects with economic profitability is partly dependent of a number of factors, such as that Prime Living's ability to retain and recruit the necessary competence in areas such as construction, engineering, design and sales, obtaining and maintaining necessary permits and administrative decisions (including time-limited planning permissions that may be terminated prematurely) and procuring contracts for project implementation on acceptable terms for the Company. There is a risk that procured contracts, e.g. for reasons attributable to the entrepreneur, are delayed or can not be completed, which in turn could, inter alia, lead to increase project costs, or that Prime Living's customers direct claims against the Company due to breach of contract.
Technical risks exist in new construction as well as in real estate management. These include risks of defects relating to the construction of the property, other latent shortcomings or deficiencies, damages (for instance due to fire or failure of equipment) and environmental hazards. If any technical problems should occur, such occurrence may result in a delay in planned new construction or increased costs for new construction and the management of the Company's real estate.
Furthermore, there is a risk that the Company fails to obtain and maintain the necessary regulatory decisions or permits for new contraction or change of use of current real estate, or that changes to permits, plans, regulations or legislation leads to the real estate development project being delayed, more expensive or not being realized at all.
If one or more of the factors above would develop negatively or if any of the above risks would materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on Prime Living's reputation, operation, result or financial position.
4
Prime Living's standardized manufacturing method regarding the housing modules entails the risk of construction error or quality defects The Company's housing modules are manufactured using a standardized method and selected materials. This creates cost benefits but entails the risk that any construction error and/or quality defects may occur, affecting a few to several housing modules. Furthermore, the Company founded its first residential complex based on modules in 2011 and there is a risk that the result of a more long-term use of the housing reveals construction errors and/or quality defects that are still unknown. If construction error and/or quality defects should arise, it could have a material adverse effect on Prime Living's reputation, operation, result or financial position.
Increased operating costs may potentially not befully compensated by the lease agreements and extensive renovation needs can lead to increased maintenance costs Operating expenses primarily consist of costs that are tariff-based, such as costs for electricity, sanitation, water and heating. Many of these goods and services can only be purchased from one trader, which can affect the prices. To the extent that potential increase in prices are not offset by regulating leasing agreement, or increases in rents by renegotiation of the lease agreement, Prime Living's results or financial position can be negatively affected.
Expenditures for maintenance are attributable to measures aimed to maintain the standard of the property on a long-term basis. These costs are expensed to the extent they constitute repairs and replacement of minor parts. Other additional expenses of maintenance nature are capitalized in connection with the incurred expense. Prime Living has a plan for the implementation of maintenance measures deemed necessary. Unforeseen and extensive renovation needs may affect Prime Living's reputation, operation, result or financial position.
Prime Living is dependent upon its counterparties to meet itsfinancial obligations Credit risk is defined as Prime Living's counterparties not being unable to fulfil their financial obligations towards Prime Living. The Company's current and potential customers and other counterparties may end up in a financial situation where they are not able to pay the agreed rents or otherwise abstain from fulfilling their obligations. Credit risks within the financial operations arise, inter alia, from the investment of excess liquidity and by obtaining long- and short-term credit agreements.
