Expenditures for maintenance are attributable to measures aimed to maintain the standard of the property on a long-term basis. These costs are expensed to the extent they constitute repairs and replacement of minor parts. Other additional expenses of maintenance nature are capitalized in connection with the incurred expense. Prime Living has a plan for the implementation of maintenance measures deemed necessary. Unforeseen and extensive renovation needs may affect Prime Living's reputation, operation, result or financial position.
Furthermore, the Company has entered into a lease agreement with Lund University including 200 student apartments and with Chalmers University of Technology concerning 86 of the 208 apartments in Beryllgatan Gothenburg. Lund University is state-funded and its financial allotment is based on political decisions. In the future, Prime Living may come to conclude similar agreements with the same or other universities. There is a risk that Prime Living's counterparties can not fulfill their obligations. Loss of rental income or other income may therefore have an adverse effect on the Company's operation, result or financial position.
Prime Living and its subsidiaries have madefinancial commitments in loan agreements If Prime Living or any of its subsidiaries, regardless of in which jurisdictions, breach one or more financial or other commitments in one or more loan or bond agreements, it could result in the loan being terminated with immediate repayment or credit institutions claiming collateral, which could have an adverse effect on the Company's operation, financial position or result.
Prime Living's interest expenses are affected by changes in interest rates Apart from the Company's Bonds loan and equity, the Group's operations are mainly financed by loans from credit institutions. Interest rate risk is defined as the risk that changes in interest rates and the marginal between government bonds and banks/credit institutions affect Prime Living's interest expenses. Interest expenses are mainly affected by, besides the extent of interest-bearing debt, the level of current market interest rates and the credit institutions' margins, and the Prime Living's strategy regarding interest rate fixation periods.
Market rates are mainly affected by the expected inflation rate. The short interest are mainly affected by the Swedish National Bank's (Sw: Riksbanken) repurchase rate, which constitutes a monetary policy steering instrument. Monetary policy in Sweden aims at adjusting the repurchase rate in order to keep the inflation at two percent. In times o f rising inflation expectations the interest rates are expected to rise, and in times o f declining inflation expectations, interest rates are expected to fall. The longer the average maturity time on Prime Living's Bonds, the longer it takes for changes in interest rates to have an impact on the Company's interest expenses. If a
5
possible future need of capital arises and this is solved by borrowing, the Company will be subject to additional interest costs, which could also mean an increase interest rate risk that may adversely affect the company's result or financial position.
Refinancing o f existing debt may prove to be impossible or associated with significantly increased costs Refinancing risk relates to risk that financing can not be obtained at all, or only at a significantly higher cost. The Group's interest bearing debt amount to approximately SEK 864.9 million as of 31 December 2016. There is a risk that Prime Living will not be able to refinance its existing debt obligations alternatively that this can not be done on reasonable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations, financial position and result.
Prime Living's housing modules are manufactures by externalparties in China and the price on modules is affected by currencyfluctuations Currency risk relates to the risk of negative impact on the income statement and balance sheet as a result of currency fluctuations. Through its purchases of modules from China, Prime Living has a currency risk primarily against the Chinese CNY, but also a minor risk against the American USD relating to the transportation. Depending on the project, between 40 and 45 percent of the total production cost is procured in CNY. An appreciation of the CNY with 1 percent would therefore mean that the total cost of a construction will increase with between 0.40 and 0.45 percent. A depreciation of SEK would have an adverse effect on the Company's result and financial positions.
