(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer.
(f) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) Business Days.
(g) Impossibility or illegality: It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
(h) Continuation of the business: The Issuer ceases to carry on its business.
13.2 The Agent may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 13.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance with these Tenns and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause 13.1(d).
13.3 If the right to tenninate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
13.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 13.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such infonnation, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligation to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 13.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 13.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 13.
13.5 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 13.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market or a Multilateral Trading Facility ("MTF"), as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market or MTF, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer
16
