13.5 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 13.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market or a Multilateral Trading Facility ("MTF"), as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market or MTF, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer
shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market or MTF, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 13.4.
13.6 If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 13.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Bondholders of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to tenninate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Bondholders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Bondholders according to the provisions in Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders). If he Bondholders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to tenninate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds tenninated. However, if the cause for tennination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the tennination, the Agent shall not tenninate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Bondholders that the cause for tennination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
13.7 If the Bondholders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding tennination in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders) the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for tennination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Bondholders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent hannless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
13.8 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 13, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
13.9 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 13 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Bondholders' pursuant to Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders).
13.10 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 13, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to the Call Option Amount for the relevant period.
14. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
14.1 If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 13 (Termination o f the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
