If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company an Affiliate of a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
16.1 The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Bondholders' Meeting has been requested by the Bondholder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.
16.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 19.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.1.
16.3 The notice pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
20
16.4 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
16.5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Bondholders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Bondholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Bondholder provide the Bondholder with necessary infonnation from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Bondholders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.
