Refinancing o f existing debt may prove to be impossible or associated with significantly increased costs Refinancing risk relates to risk that financing can not be obtained at all, or only at a significantly higher cost. The Group's interest bearing debt amount to approximately SEK 864.9 million as of 31 December 2016. There is a risk that Prime Living will not be able to refinance its existing debt obligations alternatively that this can not be done on reasonable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations, financial position and result.
Intermediate goods and commodityprices Prime Living is dependent on its suppliers to have access to, inter alia, steel at competitive prices. Commodity prices are dependent on world market prices and currency development, but also on production capacity. There is a risk that the price and volume fluctuations that have characterized the steel market, mainly because of competition, economic fluctuations, currency fluctuations and access to commodities, will arise in the future. It is also possible that situations arise where low sales prices can not be offset by correspondingly low commodity costs for Prime Living's suppliers. If Prime Living is not able to respond to changes in prices on intermediate goods and commodity prices, it may result in loss of competitiveness and reduced turnover and margins, which would have an adverse effect on the Company's operations, result or financial position.
The value of Prime Living's real estate portfolio may change Prime Living's investment properties are recognized on the balance sheet at fair market value and changes in value are recognized in the income statement. The value of the properties is affected by a number of factors, both property specific factors such as occupancy rates, rent levels and operating costs, and market specific factors such as yield requirements and cost of capital based on comparable transactions in the real estate market.
Both real estate specific deteriorations such as lower rent level and increased vacancy rates and market specific deteriorations such as higher yield requirements could lead to Prime Living reducing the fair value on its investment properties, which could have an adverse effect on the Company's result or financial position.
The Company conducts ongoing real estate transactions resulting in uncertainty and risks The Company conducts real estate transactions within the framework of its operations. All such transactions are associated with uncertainties and risks. Existing risks regards to acquisitions and building of real estate are e.g. uncertainties regarding the handling of tenants, unforeseen costs for environmental remediation, redevelopment and management of technical problems, regulatory approval and the emergence of disputes relating to the acquisition or the condition of the real estate. Such uncertainties may cause delays in projects or increased or unexpected costs for the real properties or transactions.
If the Company is unable to dispose the real properties at a favorable price or if claims are made against the Company it can mean delays of projects or increased or unexpected costs for the real properties or the transactions. Should any of the risk mentioned above be materialized, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations, result or financial position.
6
Directors, other staff and operational risk Operational risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses due to deficient routines and/or irregularities. For its operations, Prime Living is dependent on a number of key director positions. These key directors contribute with high competence and long experience, which is important for the Company's operations. If one or more of these key people leaves Prime Living, or if the Company's administrative security and control should fail, it may have an adverse effect on the Company's operations, result or financial position.
Prime Living may need to adapt to a changed competitive situation Prime Living operates in a competitive industry. Prime Living's future competitive opportunities are, inter alia, dependent on Prime Living's ability to be at the forefront and quickly respond to existing and future market needs. Therefore, Prime Living may be forced to make costly investments, restructurings or price reductions in order to adapt to a new competitive situation. Increased competition could have an adverse effect on Prime Living's operation, result or financial position.
