(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders).
18.3 The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 18.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
18.4 An amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
19. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
19.1 Appointment of Agent
19.1.1
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
19.1.2 Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in fonn and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose
of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
