19.2.7 The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under these Terms and Conditions. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution o fproceeds).
19.2.9 The Agent may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or in other situations.
19.2.10 Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
19.2.11 Ifin the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
19.2.12 The Agent shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms and Conditions or the Agent Agreement, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2.11.
19.3 Limited liability for the Agent
19.3.1
The Agent will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
19.3.2 The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
