20.1 The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
21.1 The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Tenns and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.
21.2 The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market). The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).
22. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
22.1 A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under these Tenns and Conditions. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.
22.2 Clause 22.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with these Tenns and Conditions to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 19.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Tenns and Conditions or the Agent Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 19.2.11, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2.12 before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 22.1.
26
22.3 The provisions of Clause 22.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.4 ('Mandatory>repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event or Listing Failure (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
