Directors, other staff and operational risk Operational risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses due to deficient routines and/or irregularities. For its operations, Prime Living is dependent on a number of key director positions. These key directors contribute with high competence and long experience, which is important for the Company's operations. If one or more of these key people leaves Prime Living, or if the Company's administrative security and control should fail, it may have an adverse effect on the Company's operations, result or financial position.
Prime Living's business involves legal risks The real estate business is largely dependent on permits and decisions from authorities regarding, for example, housing rents. The regulated housing rents, the so-called utility value system, both limits Prime Living's risks and affects its earning power. In the system, in simplified terms, landlords can not charge higher rents than the rents that have been determined in collective negotiations for houses in similar locations and of a similar standard.
If Prime Living can not offset the increased housing costs with increased rents, it could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations, financial position and result. New or amended laws and regulations or changes in the application of existing laws and regulations concerning, for example, ownership, operation and leasing of real estate, that apply to Prime Living's operations or its customers' operations, may mean increased costs, which could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations, financial position and result.
Disputes and legalproceedings Prime Living or its subsidiaries may become involved in disputes or claims. Such disputes may, inter alia, involve contractual issues, warranty claims, construction-related issues, alleged defects in delivery of modules, environmental issues and intellectual property rights. Pursuing legal proceedings may, inter alia, incur costs in relation with a settlement, and imposed penalties and other obligations that may be imposed on the Company. A dispute that is lost, or otherwise not settled within a reasonable time frame, could entail significant costs for the Company and disrupt normal operations. The impact of these risks may have a material adverse effect on Prime Living's operations, result or financial position.
Prime Living's insurance coverage may notprove to be adequate to protect the Company against all liabilities that may arise in its operations Prime Living has insurance policies covering its core operations against losses and/or potential liability in relation to third party claims. The risks covered by the insurance include property damage, interruption in business, construction related issues and compensation and benefits to employees. Furthermore, a board- and CEO insurance exists. Some types of losses are usually not covered by insurances because such losses are not deemed possible to insure against. This may for example include damage caused by war or terrorism and official liability or personal liability resulting from negligence, willful intent or criminal acts. Furthermore, there may be losses expressly excluded or otherwise not covered by the Company's existing insurance policies.
Most of Prime Living's insurances are capped (insured amount) to certain maximum amount per claim or series of injuries, or for a total amount over a certain insurance period. Generally, indemnity is also dependent on whether the insured person has paid a surplus or excess and that the maximum amount under the insurance has not already been paid. If a loss is not covered by insurance, exceeds the amount limit or causes consequential losses, it could have a material adverse effect on Prime Living's operations, financial position or result.
Prime Living's operations involve environmental risks Management of real estate and real estate development entails environmental impact. Prime Living has established an environmental policy and works actively with environmental issues. According to the Environmental Code (Sw: Miljobalken), those who engage in activities that contribute to pollution are also
7
responsible for remediation. If the operator can not carry out or pay for remediation of a contaminated property, the purchaser of the property, that knew or should have detected pollution before the acquisition, is responsible. This means that the claims, under certain conditions, can be made against Prime Living for land decontamination or remediation, for the presence or suspicion of contamination in soil, water or groundwater, to restore the property to a condition imposed by the Environmental Code. Such requirements may have an adverse effect on Prime Living's result or financial position.
