7
Tax risks The Company's operations are affected by the prevailing tax regulations in the jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business, which as of the date of the Prospectus only comprises the business in Sweden. These include corporate income tax, real estate tax, value added tax (VAT), rules regarding tax exempt sale of shares, other state and municipal charges and interest rate deductions and contributions. The Company's tax situation is also affected by whether the transactions between companies within the Prime Living group are deemed to be at arm's length. Although the Company's operations are conducted in accordance with the Company's interpretation of applicable tax laws and regulations, and in accordance with the advice from tax advisors, it can not be ruled out that the Company's interpretation is incorrect or that such rules are changed, possibly with retroactive effect. Additionally, future changes in applicable laws and regulations may affect the conditions for the Company's operations. There is a risk that the tax rate change in the future or that other rule changes occur that affect ownership of real estate or real estate transactions. Should any of the risks above materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations, result or financial position.
RISKS RELATING TO THE BONDS
Liquidity risks There is a risk that a liquid trading of the Bonds does not occur or cannot be maintained. The Company will apply for listing of the Bonds on Nasdaq Stockholm within 30 days from the Issue Date. Even if a security is admitted to trading there will not always be a demand and trading of the Bonds. This may entail that the Bondholders can not sell their Bonds at a desired time or at price levels which allows for a profit comparable to similar investments that have a higher liquidity in the current trading. Lack of liquidity in the market may have a negative impact on the market value of the Bonds.
The marketprice o f the Bonds may be volatile The market price of the Bonds could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated variations in the Issuer's and the Group's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which the Issuer and the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of Bonds, as well as other factors. In addition, the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent years, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Bonds without regard to the Issuer's and the Group's operating results, financial condition or prospects.
Credit risk Bond investors have a credit risk on Prime Living. The investor's ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds is therefore dependent on the Company's ability to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent on the development of Prime Living's operations and its financial position.
An increased credit risk may cause the market to price the Bonds with a higher risk premium, which would affect the value of the Bonds negatively. Another aspect of the credit risk is that a deterioration of the financial position may cause Prime Living's creditworthiness to decrease and that Prime Living's abilities of debt financing at the end of the duration of the Bond loan deteriorate.
There is no ratingfor the Issuer or the Bonds Neither the Issuer nor the Bonds have a credit rating from an international credit rating institute. Even though a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time, it indicates the credit agency's assessment of the Company's creditworthiness. As a result investors need to make their own assessment on the Company's ability to fulfil their obligations of
8
