(b) that whenever the Company does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with the Secured Obligations, that Group Guarantor shall immediately upon request by the Agent pay that amount as if it was the principal obligor.
10.3 The Agent shall be entitled to release the Guarantees upon the full discharge of the Secured Obligations.
12
11 Early redemption
11.1 All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed in full early at the option of the Company on any Early Redemption Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days' notice in accordance with Section 19. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the Early Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Holder to receive the amounts due on such Early Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable but may at the Company's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice (and satisfaction of any conditions precedent) the Company is bound to redeem the Bonds in full.
11.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed in full at the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 5 from the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Early Redemption Date.
11.3 If at any time the balance of the Deposit Account exceeds SEK ten million (10,000,000) the Bonds must be fully or partially redeemed (as appropriate) at any time prior to the Final Redemption Date at a price per Bond equal to the Early Redemption Amount applicable at the time of such redemption.
11.4 Redemption in accordance with Section 11.3 shall be made by the Company giving not less than fifteen (15) and not more than thirty (30) Banking Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. The Notice from the Company shall specify the Early Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Holder to receive the amounts due on such Early Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Company's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent and upon expiry of such notice (and satisfaction of any conditions precedent), the Company is bound to utilise the Applicable Amount to redeem the Bonds pro rata in whole or in part (as appropriate) as soon as possible by payment to the person(s) registered as Holder(s) on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date. The "Applicable Amount" shall be the whole then outstanding balance of the Deposit Account rounded down to the nearest multiple of SEK one million (1,000,000) and thereafter the nearest amount required in order to ensure that the remaining principal of each Bond will be a whole number divisible by SEK one hundred (100).
12 Covenants, Undertakings and Representations
