19
13.7 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 13.1, the Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 14. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 14, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
13.8 If Holders representing not less than fifty (50) per cent, of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount instruct the Agent to declare the Bonds due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Section 13, then the Agent shall do so. However, if the Agent is of the opinion that the Bonds may not be declared due and payable, the Agent is only obliged to take such action if the instructing Holders undertake to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless in a satisfactory manner. Further, the Agent shall at the request of not less than twenty five (25) per cent, of the aggregate then outstanding Nominal Amount, without delay, request the Company to provide a special financial report pursuant to Section 12.1 (t).
14 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holder's Meeting etc.
14.1 Appointment of the Agent
(a) Each Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security or the Guarantee Document.
(b) Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with Finance Documents in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds, the Transaction Security or the Guarantee Document). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of
20
attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent.
