(a) Each of the Company, the Agent, the Holders' Committee and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may at any time request that a Holders' Meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. If the Agent establishes
that a request for a Holders' Meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Agent must not convene a Holders' Meeting or initiate a procedure if the Agent determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' Meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' Meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be given to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 19 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' Meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' Meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' Meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' Meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' Meeting. The Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' Meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Agent of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK ten thousand (10,000) held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group Company shall not entitle any voting right and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds represented at the meeting. In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ( "Qualified Majority "):
(i) two thirds (2/3) when (1) one of the situations from a financial covenant or undertaking in accordance with Section 11.4 is waived, (2) amendment of a provision in the Finance Documents, (3) release of any Guarantees or Transaction Security, other than in accordance with the Finance Documents, subject to (ii) below;
22
(ii) three quarters (3/4) when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount and (3) amendment of the provisions in this Section 14.2(b)(c).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
(d) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 19. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
