15 Amendments of the Finance Documents
15.2 When the Bonds are listed on NASDAQ OMX, the Agent may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing, as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders.
15.3 Amendments of the Finance Documents shall be notified without delay by the Agent in accordance with Section 19, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
16 Holders' Committee and Board Observer
16.1 The Holders may appoint a committee (a "Holders' Committee") to represent the interests of the Holders. A Holders' Committee shall consist of no less than three (3) and no more than five (5) natural or legal persons. All members of a Holders' Committee shall be elected at a Holders' Meeting.
16.2 Each Holder is entitled to nominate candidates to the Holders' Committee by notice to Agent no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Holders' Meeting. At the Holders Meeting all candidates so nominated shall be presented to the Holders. Each Holder that is entitled to vote shall for such election have the same number of votes to cast for each Note as the total number of persons to be elected. A Holder may cast its votes for one or several of the candidates. The candidates that receive the most votes shall be elected to the Holders' Committee.
16.3 A Holders' Committee may enter into discussions with the Company and other creditors of the Company and by majority decision among its members (i) adopt such procedural rules as it considers appropriate and (ii) prepare proposals and recommendations to the Holders. A Holders' Committee may not bind the Holders to any agreement or decision, save as explicitly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall provide reasonable assistance to the Holders' Committee and participate in its meetings.
16.4 The Holders' Committee decides matters with simple majority.
16.5 The Holders' Committee may agree with the Company not to disclose information received from the Company provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of the Holders' Committee, is beneficial to the interests of the Holders. The Agent shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Company as the Holders' Committee.
