16.4 The Holders' Committee decides matters with simple majority.
25
16.6 The Holders' Committee and the Company may agree that the Company shall pay certain costs and expenses incurred by the Holders' Committee. Otherwise the Holders' Committee is not entitled to be reimbursed for any costs or expenses.
16.7 The Holders' Committee may appoint one observer to attend meetings of the board of directors of the Company (the "Observer"). The Observer shall be appointed by a simple majority of the Holders' Committee. The Observer may attend all meetings of the board of directors of the Company, but shall not be entitled to vote. The Observer shall be required to report all relevant information to the Holders' Committee, the Agent and/or the Holders (as the Observer in his/her sole discretion shall deem appropriate). The rights and obligations of the Observer shall be subject to any applicable insider trading and dissemination of information legislation.
16.8 The Company's CEO shall be obliged to attend one monthly update meeting with the Observer, to discuss matters of relevance to the Holders including, but not limited to, matters of relevance to the Transaction Security.
16.9 If, at any time, no Holders' Committee has been appointed, any right or obligation of the Holders' Committee set out in these Terms and Conditions shall be exercised by the Holders.
17 Prescription
17.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Final Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be limited and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment has been limited and void.
17.2 If such term of limitation periods are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (SFS 1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period as such date is determined pursuant with the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
