(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid interest under the Bonds (interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(e) fifthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
18.2 Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with Sections 18.1(a) to 18.1(e) above shall be paid to the Company.
18.3 If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Section 18.1(a) or 18.1(b), such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Section 18.1(a) or 18.1(b).
18.4
Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the Guarantees constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Section 18 as soon as reasonably practicable.
18.5
If the Company or the Agent shall make any payment under this Section 18, the Company or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Section 7.2 shall apply and for any partial redemption in accordance with Section 11.3 due but not made, the Record Date specified in Section 11.4 shall apply.
18.6 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Secured Parties, the Agent may instruct the CSD in the name and on behalf of the Company to arrange for payments to the Holders under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and change the bank account registered with the CSD to another bank account. The Company shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide it with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
