Holders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Section 18 (Distribution of proceeds).
21.9
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Company, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
21.10 The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Company of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Section 21.9.
22 Limitation of liability etc.
22.1 The Company, the Agent, the CSD, the Holders' Committee and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict.
22.2 The Agent and the Holders' Committee shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent or the Holders' Committee acting as a representative for the Holders, aligned with the decisions made in accordance with Section 14, unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. This shall also apply to the Agent or affiliate to the Agent acting in another manner in relation to the Company within the scope of other dealings with the Company.
22.3 The Agent, the CSD, the Holders' Committee and the Issuing Agent shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event, including in connection with any waiver or consent pursuant to Section 12.1 (v), unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Agent, the CSD, the Holders' Committee and the Issuing Agent be liable for indirect damage.
22.4
