The Issuer may issue Tap Issues provided that (i) the amount o f the aggregate o f (x) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (y) the requested amount for such Tap Issue shall not exceed the maximum issue amount, (ii) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making o f such Tap Issue, (iii) the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1, are still valid, (iv) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement being true and correct and repeated by the Issuer, and (v) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as o f the time of such issue.
13.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 100% of par plus accrued interest.
3
NORSK TILLITSMANN A SA
13.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.
13.3 The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the redemption request. The settlement date o f the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end o f the two month exercise period of the Put Option.
13.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.
2. The Issuer represents and warrants that with the exception of any circumstances made public by the Issuer or communicated to each subscriber in accordance with subscription of bonds in Tranche II, no circumstances have occurred including any litigation pending or threatening which would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial situation or ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bond Agreement, and otherwise that no event of default exists.
3. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force.
