"Reserve Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Reserve Account, where the bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Retention Account Pledge" means a pledge over the issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Retention Account, where the bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Riverstone" means Riverstone Holdings LLC, acting through Riverstone Global Energy and Power Fund V.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other U.S. government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authority.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
655235/1
10 (56j
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4. "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 1B.2. "Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests. "Security interests" means: (a) any Escrow Account Pledge; (b) any Parent Guarantee; (c) any Midco Guarantee; (d) any Vessel Owner Guarantees; (e) any Mortgage; (f) any Issuer Share Pledge; (S) any Vessel Owner Share Pledges; <h) any Assignment of Pool Agreements; <i) any Charter Contract Assignment; 0) any Floating Charges; (k) any Assignment of Earnings; (D any Earnings Account Pledge; (m) any Retention Account Pledge; (n) any Operating Account Pledge; (o) any Reserve Account Pledge; (P) any General Expenses Account Pledge; (q) any Assignment of Technical Management Agreements; <r> any Assignment of Management Agreement; (s) any Assignment of Insurances; (t) any Assignment of Intragroup Debt; and
#4655235/1
