"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4. "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 1B.2. "Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests. "Security interests" means: (a) any Escrow Account Pledge; (b) any Parent Guarantee; (c) any Midco Guarantee; (d) any Vessel Owner Guarantees; (e) any Mortgage; (f) any Issuer Share Pledge; (S) any Vessel Owner Share Pledges; <h) any Assignment of Pool Agreements; <i) any Charter Contract Assignment; 0) any Floating Charges; (k) any Assignment of Earnings; (D any Earnings Account Pledge; (m) any Retention Account Pledge; (n) any Operating Account Pledge; (o) any Reserve Account Pledge; (P) any General Expenses Account Pledge; (q) any Assignment of Technical Management Agreements; <r> any Assignment of Management Agreement; (s) any Assignment of Insurances; (t) any Assignment of Intragroup Debt; and
11 (56)
(u) any Cash Deposit.
"Security Vessel" means any Original Vessel or Additional Vessel.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Surplus Amount" means the proceeds received in relation to a sale or disposal of any of the Security Vessels or Vessel Owners, net of (i) the relevant Redemption Amount, and (ii) any fees or expenses related to the sale.
"Technical Management Agreements5' means the technical management agreements for the Security Vessels (as amended from time to time) entered into between each of the Vessel Owners and the Vessel Manager.
`Total Liabilities" means the aggregate amount of the consolidated total liabilities of the Parent Group, calculated in accordance with GAAP.
