Except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions, if a payment is due on a day which is not a Banking Day, the due date for that payment shall instead be the following Banking Day. If the extension of the due date would mean that the payment is due in the
following calendar month, then the due date for the payment shall be the preceding Banking Day.
Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders, being Holders on the Record Date, as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
7 Default interest
7.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to STIBOR plus two (2) percentage units, from the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. STIBOR shall be determined on the first Banking Day (the "Quotation Day") of each weekly period of delay. Default interest shall however, subject to Condition 7.2, never be less than the Interest Rate plus two (2) percentage units. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
7.2 If the delay is due to the existence of an obstacle for the Agent or the CSD, respectively, as set out in Condition 19.1, the default interest shall not exceed the Interest Rate.
8 Early redemption in the event of change of control etc.
8.1 Upon the event of aChange of Control each Holder shall have the right to call for an early redemption ("Early Redemption") of relevant Holder's all Bonds in their entirety. The Company must notify the Holders of a Change of Control as soon as possible. A Holder must give written notice for Early Redemption to the Company in accordance with Condition 17 within thirty (30) days after the Company has given notification to the Holders of a Change of Control. Upon such notice for Early Redemption, such Holder's Bonds shall be blocked for other transactions by the relevant Account Operator and the Agent.
