10
(j) in respect of a demerger of the Company or a Group Company (whether the concerned company is dissolved or not with the exception for demerger of a Group Company where all the concerned and created companies constitute wholly owned Group Companies after the demerger), decision is made that the Company or a Group Company shall demerge, unless the Agent, upon the Company's written assurance that the demerger will not affect the Terms and Conditions negatively, in writing prior to that has given its consent for the demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors).
11.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Condition 11, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the Nominal Amount of the Bonds and the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Condition 4 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to, and including, the payment date.
11.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Condition 11.1 (e)-(j) in respect of a Group Company, may however only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it could adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration.
11.4
If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
11.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Condition 11.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume (unless it has received notice to the contrary in its capacity as Agent) that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the reasonable request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Condition 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may reasonably request regarding any circumstances referred to in Condition 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Condition 11.5.
11.6
If the Agent has been notified by the Company or otherwise has considered right to termination to occur according to this Condition 11, the Agent shall consider, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or consideration, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Condition 12.
