11.6
11.7 If the Holders resolve on a Holders' Meeting to terminate the Bonds in accordance with this Condition 11, or if such termination is demanded by Holders holding Bonds representing at least one half of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent is not liable to execute the termination. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have
11
passed a resolution in accordance with all relevant provisions in Condition 12 and to the effect that the Bonds shall be terminated in accordance with all relevant provisions of this Condition 11, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructed Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agents own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
12 Holders' meeting etc.
12.1 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount may demand that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it appears clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Condition 17 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 500,000 such Holder holds. A Holder that holds more than one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by the Company or by a Group Company shall not entitle any voting right and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
