(i) two thirds of the Adjusted Nominal Amount when (a) one of the conditions in Condition 10 is waived or (b) a condition in Condition 10 or 11 is amended, subject to (ii) below; and
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Holders, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only where (i) Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least one-half of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide answers).
(f) If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (d) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(g) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is lead by that person until present and represented Holders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that have been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and draw up minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard from unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard from answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(h) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
13
(i) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding to all Holders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
(j) The Company shall bear all cost for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
