(i) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding to all Holders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
13 The Agent
13.1 The Agent's obligations are exhaustively regulated herein. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
13.2 The Agent shall not be bound to account to any Holder for any sum received by it for its own account.
13.3 For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
13.4 The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by it under these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
13.5 Even without a separate authorization from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is empowered to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Holders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions.
13.6 The Agent may rely on any representation, notice or document believed by it to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorized and any statement made by a director, authorized signatory or employee of any person regarding any matters which may reasonably be assumed to be within his knowledge or within his power to verify.
13.7 In relation to these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may act through its personnel and agents. The Agent may further engage, pay for and rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts. The reasonable, evidenced and proper costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. In acting as Agent for the Holders, the Agent shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments. If information is received by another division or department of the Agent, it may be treated as confidential to that division or department and the Agent may reasonably not be deemed to have received it.
