13.6 The Agent may rely on any representation, notice or document believed by it to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorized and any statement made by a director, authorized signatory or employee of any person regarding any matters which may reasonably be assumed to be within his knowledge or within his power to verify.
13.8 Replacement of Agent
The Agent may retire from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions provided that (i) notice is given by the Company to the Holders, and (ii) the Company has appointed a
14
leading Swedish or international business bank or securities institution or an agent supported by a passed resolution in accordance with all relevant provisions in Condition 12, to accede as new Agent at the same time as the present Agent retires. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) Banking Days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. If (i) the Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority or (ii) if a decision is made by the Company or (iii) if a resolution is passed by the Holders to replace the Agent, the Company shall immediately appoint a new agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions (other than rights in accordance with Condition 13.9). The Agent's successor, the Company and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
13.9 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 11.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 11, 12.1 and 13.
14 Amendments of the conditions
14.1 Subject to Condition 14.2, the Company and the Agent, acting on behalf of the Holders, may agree to amend these Terms and Conditions provided that:
