"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer, after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a regulated market or unregulated market. "EUR" means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
(or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in EUR and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or (b) if no such rate as set out in paragraph (a) above is available for the relevant Interest Period, the rate calculated by the Issuing Agent (rounded upwards to four decimal places) which results from interpolating on a linear basis between (i) the applicable screen rate for the longest period (for which that screen rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period and (ii) the applicable screen rate for the shortest period (for which that screen rate is available) which exceeds that Interest Period, as of or around 11 a.m. on the Quotation Date; or
(c) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (a) and/or (b) above, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(d) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c) above, the Interest Rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the Interest Rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero (0), EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero (0). "Existing Debt" means the existing external debt in an amount equivalent to approximately EUR 26,400,000 as per December 2017 (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Sydbank Loan) provided by the Existing Lenders, to be fully repaid with Net Proceeds. "Existing Lenders" means Pensam Liv Forsikringsaktieselskab and Sydbank A/S. "Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1. "Final Redemption Date" means 4 April 2021.
4
"Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report (calculated on a consolidated basis) other than Transaction Costs, capitalised interest in respect of any Shareholder Loan, interest on any loan owing to any Group Company and taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instrument which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means the Terms and Conditions, the Trustee Agreement, the Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other document designated to be a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Trustee.
"Finance Lease" means any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability).
