"German Share Pledge" means a share pledge agreement in respect of all shares in Impreg GmbH.
"Guarantee" means the guarantees provided by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement. "Guarantee Agreement" means the guarantee agreement entered into or to be entered into between the Issuer, each Guarantor and the Security Agent pursuant to which the Secured Obligations will be guaranteed by the Guarantors (which shall contain customary guarantee limitation and parallel debt language). "Guarantor" means:
(a) on or about the Issue Date each of the Issuer, CIPP Technology Holding and Impreg GmbH; and
(b) thereafter, any other Group Company which is directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer and becomes a Guarantor in accordance with Clause 6.2 (Guarantees).
"Hedge Counterparty" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Hedging Obligations" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Intercreditor Agreement. "Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond. "Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Holders 'Meeting).
"IFRS" means international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements. "Impreg GmbH" means Impreg GmbH, a German limited liability company registered with the commercial register at the local court (Amtsgericht) of Stuttgart under HRB 245332. "Incurrence Test" means the Debt Incurrence Test or the Acquisition Incurrence Test, as determined by Clause 13.1 (Application o f the Debt Incurrence Test and the Acquisition Incurrence Test).
"Initial Bond" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date. "Initial Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. "Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement which may be entered into if required by the Issuer, substantially based on the terms set out in the intercreditor term sheet attached as Schedule 1 (Intercreditor Term Sheet) hereto, on or after the First Issue Date, between, amongst others the Issuer, the Working Capital Facility Provider, Sydbank A/S as creditor under the Sydbank Loan, any Hedge Counterparty, any creditor under Shareholder Loans, the Trustee as Security Agent and agent under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.
6
