"Initial Bond" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date. "Initial Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. "Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement which may be entered into if required by the Issuer, substantially based on the terms set out in the intercreditor term sheet attached as Schedule 1 (Intercreditor Term Sheet) hereto, on or after the First Issue Date, between, amongst others the Issuer, the Working Capital Facility Provider, Sydbank A/S as creditor under the Sydbank Loan, any Hedge Counterparty, any creditor under Shareholder Loans, the Trustee as Security Agent and agent under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 11.1 to 11.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 4 January, 4 April, 4 July and 4 October each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 4 July 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the First Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means EURIBOR (3 months) plus the Floating Rate Margin.
"Issue Date" means the First Issue Date and any subsequent date when issuance of Subsequent Bonds take place.
"Issuer" means CIPP Technology Solutions A/S, a limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with reg. no. 37 22 88 69.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE-103 91 Stockholm, Sweden) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
