(iii) the relevant pledgors carries out any action to protect, perfect or give priority to the Transaction Security purported to be created by this paragraph (b).
(d) The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents relating thereto are duly executed in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (as represented by the Trustee) and that such documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and/or procure the execution of such further documentation as the Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Holders and the Trustee to at all times maintain the security position and guarantee position envisaged under the Finance Documents.
(e) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses 17 (Decisions by Holders), 18 (Holders 'Meeting) and 19 (Written Procedure), the Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Group Companies or third parties if it is, in the Trustee's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security or the Guarantees or for the purpose o f settling the various Holders' relative rights to the Transaction Security or the Guarantees. The Trustee is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Security Documents and the Guarantees.
16
6.2
Guarantees
(a) Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), each Guarantor shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee (Sw. proprieborgen) to the Secured Parties (as represented by the Security Agent) as for its own debts (Sw. såsom för egen skuld) the full and punctual payment by the Issuer of the Secured Obligations in accordance with the Guarantee Agreement. The obligations and liabilities of the Guarantors under the Guarantee Agreement shall be limited if required (but only if and to the extent required) under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the relevant Guarantor is incorporated.
(b) The Security Agent shall hold the Guarantees on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Guarantee Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement (if any).
(c) Subj ect to paragraph (d) below, the Issuer shall ensure that, within forty (40) Business Days after delivery of each of its annual audited consolidated Financial Reports:
