Enforcement of Transaction Security and Guarantees
17
(b) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), if a Holders' Meeting has been convened, or a Written Procedure has been instigated, to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the Transaction Security or the Guarantees, the Trustee is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the Transaction Security or Guarantees. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in the Finance Documents, the Trustee shall not enforce the Transaction Security or the Guarantees. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), if the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Trustee or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of the Transaction Security or the Guarantees in accordance with the procedures set out in Clauses 17 (Decisions by Holders), 18 (Holders'Meeting) and 19 (Written Procedure), the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the Transaction Security or the Guarantees (as applicable). The Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Trustee considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Trustee indemnified and, at the Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
(c) Funds that the Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) on behalf of Secured Parties in connection with the termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of any or all of the Transaction Security or the Guarantees constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest bearing account on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Trustee shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. The Trustee shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with Clause 18 (Distribution o f proceeds) as soon as reasonably practicable. If the Trustee deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with this paragraph (c), instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
(d) For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Trustee under the Finance Documents and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any Transaction Security or a Guarantee, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Trustee to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with paragraph (c) above. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this paragraph (d) are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Trustee provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney, which the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under paragraph (c) above (including as required by the CSD in order for the CSD to accept such payment instructions). Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Trustee's request, provide the Trustee with a written power of attorney empowering the Trustee to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Trustee and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with paragraph (c) above to the Holders through the CSD.
18
6.4 Release of Transaction Security and Guarantees
The Security Agent may, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement release Guarantees and Transaction Security in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement (as applicable).
7.
