10.
10.1 Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
10.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any other payment that shall be made under these Terms and Conditions shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits will be effectuated by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effectuate payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
10.3 If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 11.4 during such postponement.
10.4 If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 10, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as applicable) was aware that the payment was being made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.
10.5 The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or similar.
11.
INTEREST
11.1 The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Outstanding Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the First Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding)
