(g) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding EUR 1,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) calendar days;
15.2 The Trustee may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause 15.1.
15.3 If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
15.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 15.1 should occur. Should the Trustee not receive such information, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Trustee is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 15.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Trustee, provide the Trustee with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 15.1 and provide the Trustee with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 15.
15.5 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Trustee according to Clause 15.4 if informing the Trustee would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with the relevant Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the relevant Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from the relevant Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Trustee according to Clause 15.4.
32
15.6 If the Trustee has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise received actual knowledge that there is a default under the Finance Documents according to Clause 15.1, the Trustee shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or actual knowledge, the Holders of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or actual knowledge, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Trustee to terminate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
15.7 If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Trustee or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders), the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Trustee harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
15.8 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 15, the Trustee shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
