Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer or the Guarantors (as applicable). The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
16.3 If the Issuer or the Trustee shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 10.1 shall apply.
17.
DECISIONS BY HOLDERS
17.1 A request by the Trustee for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Trustee) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
17.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Trustee and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Trustee. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if
34
it is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting.
17.3 The Trustee may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (a) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the Holders and such Person has informed the Trustee that an approval will not be given, or (b) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
