and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
HOLDERS' MEETING
18.1 The Trustee shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Holder's Meeting has been requested by the Holder(s), the Trustee shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.
18.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1 with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1.
18.3 The notice pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include: (a) time for the meeting; (b) place for the meeting; (c) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders); and (d) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
18.4 The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
18.5 If the Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the Trustee, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.
18.6 At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Trustee may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
37
