"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
(a) prior to listing of the Bonds on a Regulated Market, generally acceptable accounting principles, standards and practices in Denmark (GAAP), including IFRS; and
(b) from and including the listing of the Bonds on a Regulated Market, IFRS.
"Acquisition Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.3 (Acquisition Incurrence Test).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by the Issuer, a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer or a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred or provided in the ordinary course o fbusiness.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose o f this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership o f voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and ofthe type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day in Denmark and Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
