24. 1 A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary (including a Guarantor) or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or another Group Company in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or a Subsidiary (including a Guarantor) under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Trustee.
(a) the Trustee has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 21.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing; or
(b) the Security Agent has been instructed by the Instructing Group (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement (if any)) in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement (if any) to enforce the Transaction Security but is legally unable to take such enforcement actions,
however, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.12, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.13 before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 24.1.
24.3 The provisions of Clause 24.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 12.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event or a Listing Failure (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.
25.
TIME-BAR
25.1 The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void.
25.2 If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to
