"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership o f voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the Holders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially CorpNordic Sweden AB (reg. no. 556625-5476, P.O. Box 16285, SE-103 25 Stockholm, Sweden). The appointment of the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, shall also constitute an appointment o f the Agent as the representative (Da. repræsentant) of each Holder under and in accordance with chapter 2a of the Danish
ik/lj Securities Trading Act, etc.
i
"Agent Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Aggregated Disposal Proceeds" has the meaning set forth in the definition "Disposal Event" below.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw.julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
