always provided that Group Companies not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be).
Norsk Tilliksmann ASA
All calculations set out above shall be based on the financial statements to be prepared by the Issuer according to Clause 13.2.1 d), however so that the calculations shall only be made annually on 30 September 2010 and 30 September 2011, and so that Material Subsidiaries not granting any Guarantees shall not be included in the consolidated numbers referred to above, see Clause 13.5.7.
"Maturity Date" means 25 September 2012 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appeal's on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is "NIBOR Reference Banks" as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate months commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the sum of all interest-bearing liabilities of the Group on a consolidated basis (including financial leases), less free cash and cash equivalents (i.e. cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank) as shown in the relevant accounts at any time.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor(s).
