10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % of par plus accrued interest.
10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control has taken place
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
10.3.3
On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.
10.4 Voluntary offer by sale o fshares Upon disposal of any of the shares in a Pledged Subsidiary, the relevant share pledge and up-stream guarantee shall be discharged, provided that the net proceeds from such disposal are used to repay the Bonds by way of a voluntary offer to all Bondholders to repurchase Bonds at a price corresponding to the price payable by the Issuer had the Issuer exercised the Call Option at the relevant point in time, however, such that if such disposal take place prior to the Interest Payment Date in September 2010, the offer price shall be 105%. The voluntary offer shall be made within 5 Banking Days after such disposal has taken place, and each Bondholder must within 10 Banking Days after the offer is made confirm to its Account Manager if the offer is accepted, and for how many Bonds. If more Bonds are accepted for the offer than corresponds with the maximum aggregated price to be paid, reduction shall be made pro rata between the accepting number of Bonds. Any unused part of such voluntary repurchase offer may be used at the discretion of the Issuer.
17
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
