(b) grants the Security Agent the power to negotiate and approve the terms and conditions of such Security Document, execute any other agreement or instniment, give or receive any notice or declaration, identify and specify to tliird parties the names of the Secured Parties at any given date, and take any other action in relation to the creation, perfection, maintenance, enforcement and release of the security created thereunder in the name and on behalf of the Secured Parties; and
3. Spanish law - Executive Proceedings
For lire purposes of this clause (Executive proceedings): "Civil Procedural Law" means the Spanish Civil Procedural Law (Law 1/2000 of 7th January) {"Ley de Enjuiciamiento Civil").
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This Bond Agreement, as well as any amendments hereto, will be formalised in a Spanish notarial document ("escriturci publica,r), so that it may have the status of a notarial document of loan for all purposes contemplated in Article 517, number 4 of the Civil Procedural Law, and Articles 913-4 and 914-2, in relation to Article 916-2 of the Spanish Commercial Code and other related provisions.
The sum payable by the Issuer shall be the total aggregate sum resulting from the balance shown in the account maintained by the Bond Trustee in accordance with this Bond Agreement. For the purposes of Articles 571 et seq. of the Civil Procedural Law, the parties expressly agree that such balance shall be considered as an acknowledgement of debt and may be claimed pursuant to the same provisions of such law.
For the purpose of the provisions of Art. 571 et seq. of the Civil Procedural Law, it is expressly agreed by the parties that the determination of the debt to be claimed though the executive proceedings shall be effected by the Bond Trustee by means of the appropriate certificate evidencing the balance shown in the account of the Issuer. By virtue of the foregoing, to exercise executive action it will be sufficient to present an original notarial first copy of this Bond Agreement and the notarial document ("acta notarial") which incorporates the certificate issued by the Bond Trustee evidencing that the determination of the amounts due and payable by the Issuer have been calculated as agreed in this Agreement and that such amounts coincide with the balance shown in the account of the Issuer.
The amount of the balance so established shall be notified to the Issuer in an attestable manner at least one day in advance of exercising the executive action set out in above.
The Issuer hereby expressly authorises the Bond Trustee to request and obtain certificates issued by the notary who has formalised this Bond Agreement in order to evidence its compliance with the entries of his registry-book and the relevant entry date for the purpose of number 4 of Article 517, of the Civil Procedural Law. The cost of such certificate will be for the account of the Issuer in the manner provided under this Bond Agreement.
