Dear Sirs,
GENERAL EXPLORATION PARTNERS, INC. BOND AGREEMENT 2016/2018 ISIN N00010764178
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, as per details set out in the attached Enclosures, and kindly request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount to our operating bank account at BNP Paribas. Full details of the destination bank account have been provided in Enclosure A..
We confirm that [currency and amount] o f the funds requested to be drawn will be applied to fund the Issuer's share of the costs related to the financing, development and operation of the Atrush Block in accordance with Clause 2.3 (i) of the Bond Agreement and the attached cash calls from the operator o f the Atrush PSC and [currency and amount] of the funds requested to be drawn will be applied to cover technical, management and administrative services within the Group in accordance with Clause 2.3(ii) of the Bond Agreement. After the requested amount has been drawn, we have in [applicable year] drawn [currency and amount] of the total available amount o f USD 6 million pursuant to Clause 2.3(ii) of the Bond Agreement. After the requested amount has been drawn, we have in the year [2016] drawn [currency and amount] of the total available amount of USD 6.0 million pursuant to Clause 2.3(ii) of the Bond Agreement, which leaves [currency and amount] available for the remainder of the current calendar year.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
General Exploration Partners, Inc.
