AU 293 D015
The interest rate is reset in accordance with, sub-clause 9,2.
The interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in August 2007,
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NfBOR Reference Banks plus Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number o f calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed o f the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, o f which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. I f the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice o f the Oslo District Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number o f calendar days elapsed from and including the Disbursement Date to (but not including) the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each Interest Payment Date to (but not including) the next Interest Payment Date or file Maturity Date, whichever is sooner. The number of days is divided by 360.
9.5 If a Tax Deduction is to made by the Borrower under section 14 below, then the amount o f the interest payment due from the Borrower under this Loan Agreement shall be increased ("grossed up") to an amount which, afrer making all the Tax Deductions required, leaves an amount equal to payment which would have been due if no Tax Deduction would have been required by law.
