"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means profit from property management (Förvaltningsresultat), plus financial expenses divided with financial expenses, of the Group according to the Accounting Principles.
"Interest Payment Date" means 1 September, 1 December, 1 March and 1 June of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (adjusted modified following). The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 1 September 2016 (3 months after the First Issue Date) and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3 months STIBOR plus 4.15 percentage units per annum.
"Issuer" means Klövern AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556482-5833.
6 (30)
"Issuing Agent" means Swedbank AB (publ) with Reg. No. 502017-7753, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Listing Failure" means the situation where the (i) the Bonds are not listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ Stockholm or on another Regulated Market within sixty (60) days after the First Issue Date or (ii) at any time after sixty (60) days after the First Issue Date, the Bonds cease to be listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ Stockholm or on another Regulated Market.
