"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
5
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Managers" means the managers for the Bond Issue.
"Margin" means 7.5 percentage points per annum.
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (b) the validity or enforceability of any o f the Finance Documents.
"M aturity Date" means 5 December 2019 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Maximum Advanzia Amount" means NOK 500,000,000, unless the ownership of the Issuer (directly or indirectly through its 100% owned Subsidiaries) in Advanzia is reduced from the initial ownership of 60.3% by way of a sale or other disposal o f Advanzia Shares, in which case the amount shall be reduced pro rata equivalent to the reduction of ownership resulting from such sale or disposal. The Maximum Advanzia Amount shall not be reduced as a result of a merger or other consolidation where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary disposes of Advanzia Shares for consideration in the form of shares in the consolidated entity (the "Consolidated Entity"), provided, however, that if the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary later disposes of any shares in the Consolidated Entity, or the relevant Subsidiary (if applicable) is no longer owned, directly or indirectly, 100% by the Issuer, the Maximum Advanzia Amount shall be reduced pro rata equivalent to the reduction in ownership resulting from such sale or disposal.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
