24
indirectly owned by a Group Company (other than the Issuer), which is an operating company within the Group shall not be a "Holding Company".
"M arket Adjusted Equity" means, on any date, (i) the Book Equity of the Issuer (on an unconsolidated basis), adjusted for any Excess Value, and adjusted further by deducting the outstanding amount of any Financial Indebtedness of another company guaranteed by the Issuer or any Holding Company and/or secured with share pledge over (a) the Issuer's, or (b) a Holding Company's directly owned shares in the relevant Group Company (without any double counting) or (ii) the Net Asset Value (as applicable in relation to an Adjusted Calculation only).
"M arket Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Market Adjusted Equity to Market Adjusted Total Assets.
"M arket Adjusted Total Assets " means, on any date, (i) the Total Assets of the Issuer (on an unconsolidated basis), adjusted for any Excess Value or (ii) the Net Asset Value (as applicable in relation to an Adjusted Calculation only) plus the Issuer's Financial Indebtedness as the relevant testing date plus the outstanding amount of any Financial Indebtedness of another company guaranteed by the Issuer or any other Holding Company and/or secured with share pledge over (a) the Issuer's or (b) a Holding Company's directly owned shares in the relevant Group Company (without any double counting).
"M arket Value" means:
(i) In respect of shares in Advanzia, an amount calculated based on a "Price/Earnings" multiple of 12.00x for the last twelve months at the end of the relevant interim period (i.e. the net profit after taxes for Advanzia on a consolidated basis for the last twelve months multiplied with a factor of 12.00). As Advanzia is reporting in EUR, the NOK equivalent amount shall equal the average EURNOK exchange rate for the previous twelve months (as per Norges Bank fixings) at the end of the relevant interim period. The net earnings being used shall be adjusted for any one-off accounting effects resulting from changes related to implementation of IFRS9 or similar changes in accounting principles; and
(ii) In respect of shares in VSS, the Issuer's book value of such shares adjusted for the difference between the book value and the market value (positive or negative) of the vessels owned by VSS (the "Vessels") in NOK, determined as the arithmetic mean of two independent valuations of the Vessels obtained from independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Vessels, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer twice per year. The valuation shall be made at least semi annually, or following an Event o f Default (as defined below), upon the request of the Trustee; and
25
