(a) as long as no shares in the Issuer are listed or admitted to trading on a market place, any person or group, not being a Nordic Capital Fund, controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent of the voting shares of the Issuer, or otherwise acquires the power to appoint or remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors of the Issuer; and
"Consolidated Net Debt" means on a Group consolidated basis (i) the aggregate amount of all interest-bearing obligations (not including any Shareholder Debt permitted under these Terms and Conditions and, for the avoidance of doubt, any receivable owed by the Issuer to the Parent pursuant to a group contribution made in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) (including financial lease obligations which according to the Accounting Principles shall be treated as debt, however not including current or future leases, which as of the date hereof are considered as not being financial leases) less (ii) cash in hand or at a bank and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
"Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of total Consolidated Net Debt to EBITDA, calculated in accordance with Clause 12.5.3.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB. Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or may become quoted, listed or otherwise traded on a Regulated Market or any other trading platform.
"EBITDA" means earnings of the Group (i) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (without double counting) calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and (ii) without taking into account any Software Expenditure, for any 12 month period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most relevant financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 11.1 (b). For the purpose of calculating EBITDA, entities acquired or disposed of during a measurement period will be included or excluded (as applicable) for the entirety of that measurement period.
"Euro" or "EUR" means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 13.1.
3 (31)
