10.4 10.4.1 10.4.2 10.4.3
The Issuer may repay all, but not only some, outstanding Notes in full:
(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest) plus the Applicable Premium;
(b) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling four (4) years after the First Issue Date at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 50 per cent. of the Interest Rate (plus accrued but unpaid Interest);
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling four (4) years after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 25 per cent. of the Interest Rate (plus accrued but unpaid Interest); and/or
(d) provided that the repayment is financed by way of another issue of Debt Instruments, any time from and including the first Business Day falling four and a half (4,5) years after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest).
Voluntary partial repayment
Subject to Clause 10.4.4, the Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding EUR 10,000 of principal debt outstanding per Note (rounded off to a multiple of EUR 100) at one occasion per twelve month period during the first three years after the First Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), in which case all outstanding Notes shall be repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date. The payment per Note shall be equal to the repaid amount plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as determined pursuant to Clause 10.4.3 and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
Subject to Clause 10.4.4, the Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer, repay up to thirty-five (35) per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Notes shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such initial public offering and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering). The repayment per Note shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as determined pursuant to Clause 10.4.3 and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
