"Issuing Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Loan Pledge Agreement" means any loan pledge agreement between the Issuer, the Agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (in its capacity as WCF Provider) or its agent and/or another WCF Provider(s) providing Working Capital Financing from time to time, under which a Loan Pledge is provided.
5 (31)
"Material Subsidiary" means each Group Company which together with its subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) has EBITDA or revenue representing 5 per cent. or more of the total consolidated EBITDA or revenue of the Group.
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of each Note the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which that Note has been repaid pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Voluntary partial repayment).
"Nordic Capital Funds" mean each of (i) Nordic Capital V, L.P. (the "Nordic Capital Fund V"), acting through Nordic Capital V Limited in its capacity as general partner to the Nordic Capital Fund V, (ii) Nordic Capital VI Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VI Beta, L.P. (together, the "Nordic Capital Fund VI"), acting through Nordic Capital VI Limited in its capacity as general partner to the Nordic Capital Fund VI, (iii) Nordic Capital VII Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VII Beta, L.P. (together, the "Nordic Capital Fund VII"), acting through Nordic Capital VII Limited in its capacity as general partner to the Nordic Capital Fund VII, (iv) Nordic Capital VIII Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VIII Beta, L.P. (together, the "Nordic Capital Fund VIII"), acting through Nordic Capital VIII Limited in its capacity as general partner to the Nordic Capital Fund VIII and (v) any other funds launched as a "Nordic Capital Fund" from time to time.
"Notes" means the debt instruments (skuldförbindelse) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Noteholder" means a person who is registered on a VP Account as holder of a Note. In respect of Notes registered with an authorised nominee förvaltare) in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act or otherwise registered in the name of a nominee as holder, the nominee shall be deemed to be the Noteholder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions.
"Noteholders' Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Clause 15 (Noteholders'Meeting).
