(b) Following the receipt by the Bond Trustee of the Liquidity Report evidencing the Available Excess Cash, the Bond Trustee shall notify each Bondholder within ten (10) Business Days of the amount of the Available Excess Cash that may be applied towards redemption of the Bonds and invite each Bondholder to participate in the sealed first-price tendering process (the "Bid Notice").
(d) The Redemption Bid shall detail (i) the gross capital amount and number of Bonds that the Participating Bondholder wishes to have redeemed out of the Available Excess Cash (the "Redemption Bonds"), and (ii) the redemption price offered by the Participating Bondholder for such Redemption Bonds. Each Redemption Bid shall be sealed and kept confidential by the Bond Trustee until ail Redemption Bids have been submitted or the Bid Period has expired. Upon the expiry of the Bid Period, the Bond Trustee shall announce to the Participating Bondholders and the Issuer the lowest redemption price offered in the submitted Redemption Bids, following which, the Available
W/2773419/v3
29
Excess Cash shall be applied towards redemption of the Redemption Bonds held by the Participating Bondholder who has offered the lowest redemption price, at such price. Any Redemption Bid containing a redemption price offer exceeding 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount shall be considered null and void.
(e) Should the Available Excess Cash exceed the amount of Redemption Bonds held by the Participating Bondholder with the lowest redemption bid, the remainder shall be applied towards redemption of the Redemption Bonds held by each Participating Bondholder in the order of the offered redemption price.
(f) Should two or more Participating Bondholders submit the same lowest Redemption Bid, the Available Excess Cash shall be applied towards redemption of the Redemptions Bonds held by those Participating Bondholders, pro rata to their holdings.
(g) The early Redemption Date shall, for the purposes of this Clause 9.5, occur on the date falling ten (10) Business Days following the expiry of the Bid Period.
(h) Any Participating Bondholder whose Redemption Bonds are subject to an early redemption pursuant to this Clause 9.5, shall transfer its Redemptions Bonds to the issuing Agent's VP Account prior to the relevant early Redemption Date. On the relevant eariy Redemption Date, the Issuing Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, arrange for payment to be made of the relevant redemption amount to each person who is a Participating Bondholder on the Record Date and that holds Redemption Bonds that are to be redeemed and which have been transferred to the Issuing Agent's VP Account in accordance with this Clause 9.5.
