Subject to applicable law, the Issuer or any Group Company may at any time purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Issuer or any Group Company may at the Issuer's or any Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
(a) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it (including Advisor Fees) in connection with the Finance Documents (including legal costs) and the fulfillment of its obligations under the Finance Documents, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty) and the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable).
(b) The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Agent shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the issuer and the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Agent.
(c) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
(d) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
(e) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
(f) If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable laws, the Issuer shall gross-up ail payments to the Bondholders, and the Issuer shall have the right to cal! the Bonds at Nominal Amount plus accrued interest in accordance with Clause 7 (Interest) from the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant early Redemption Date. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
11. Information Undertakings
(a) As long as any Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to:
