(a) When the Bonds have been accelerated in accordance with Clause 13.10 (Acceleration of the Bonds), all proceeds received from an acceleration of the Bonds or an enforcement of Security created under the Transaction Security Documents and/or the Guarantee Agreement shall, subject to the rights of creditors mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally, be applied for the satisfaction of the respective Secured Obligations distributed in the following order of priority:
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment to the Bondholders pro rata of amounts due under the Bonds; and
(iii) thirdly, the balance, if any, to the Issuer or to such other person as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct in writing.
(b) Proceeds that the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent receives in connection with an acceleration of the Bonds or an enforcement of any Security created under the Transaction Security Documents and/or the Guarantee Agreement shall constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedei) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee or the Security Agent shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Bondholders.
15. Bondholders' Meeting and Written Procedures
(a) The Bond Trustee may and shall upon the written request of the Issuer, the Exchange or Bondholders, which on the date of the request represent at least ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, convene a physical Bondholders' meeting ("Bondholders' Meeting") or call upon a Bondholders' meeting by written procedure ("Written Procedure"). Requests for a Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedures shall be made by written notice to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 21 (Notices) and shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. Subject to paragraph (b) below, a notice of a Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall be sent to the Bondholders, the Security Agent and the Issuer in accordance with Clause 21 (Notices) no later than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting or the end of the time for replies in case of a Written Procedure. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.
(b) In case of a Written Procedure, as soon as the Bond Trustee has received submitted answers representing at least 75% of the Adjusted Nominal Amount of the Bonds voting in favour of the matter(s) which shall be resolved upon pursuant to the notice sent by the Bond Trustee in accordance with paragraph (a) above, the relevant resolution(s) shall be deemed passed. Any votes submitted thereafter shall be disregarded.
W/2773419/V3
53
