W/2773419/V3
(c) The notice shall include (i) time for the Bondholders' Meeting or the last day for replies in case of a Written Procedure, (ii) place for the Bondholders' Meeting or address details in case of a Written Procedure and (iii) the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting or the Written Procedure. If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting procedure shall be included in the notice. Further, the notice shall include information regarding the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the meeting. The main content of each proposal (if any) shall be described in the notice. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon by the meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the meeting, such requirement shall explicitly be included in the notice. A proxy form shall be appended to the notice, or in case of a Written Procedure, a voting form which sets out the relevant voting options.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting may be attended (besides by the Bondholders, the Bond Trustee, the Security Agent and their respective representatives and assistants) by the directors of the boards, the managing directors and other officials of the Issuer, the Issuer's auditors and legal counsels and representatives of the Exchange. Representatives of Bondholders shall present a duly executed proxy or other documents establishing their authority, to be approved by the chairman of the Bondholders' Meeting.
(e) The Bondholders' Meeting shall start with the appointment of a chairman and the person/persons to verify the minutes. Unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, the Bond Trustee shall be appointed as chairman.
(f) The Bond Trustee shall arrange for the supply of an excerpt of the debt register kept by Euroclear Sweden as of the Record Date. The chairman shall prepare a list of Bondholders and representatives/proxies present and entitled to vote on the meeting including also information on the Nominal Amount and portion of the Adjusted Nominal Amount each Bondholder represents (the "Voting List") (Sw. rostlangd). For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, Bondholders that have voted electronically or by ballot paper or similar, shall be deemed present at the Bondholders' Meeting. Only persons being Bondholders or representatives of Bondholders and participants in the Adjusted Nominal Amount at the Record Date shall be entitled to vote and shall be listed in the Voting List. Thereafter, the Voting List shall be approved by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(g) The chairman shall arrange for the minutes to be kept at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall include information on the place and date of the meeting, persons attending the meeting, matters discussed, the result of the voting and which resolutions that have been passed. The Voting List shall be represented in or appended to the minutes. The minutes shall be verified by the chairman, unless the chairman has kept the minutes, and at least one more person appointed at the meeting to verify the minutes. Thereafter, the minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee shall arrange for new or revised terms and conditions applicable to the Bonds, if any, to be sent to and registered with Euroclear Sweden.
(h) A resolution is passed by means of voting at a Bondholders' Meeting (or, in the case of a Written Procedure, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Bondholder holding EUR Bonds who is entitled to vote shall have one (1) vote per SEK Bond held by it and each Bondholder holding
W/2773419/V3
54
