"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"BWC" means Blue Water Capital S.A. (registration no B 169926), incorporated in Luxembourg, being the owner of 50% of the shares of Jack-Up InvestCo 3.
"BWC Assignment of Shareholder Loans" means the assignment by way of security of BWC's rights under any future Shareholder Loans provided by BWC to Jack-Up InvestCo 3.
"BWC Dividend" means a payment from the Issuer to BWC in the amount of EUR6.1 million, to be financed with parts of the proceeds from the Bond Issue.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Cash Equivalent Investments" means, in respect of the Group, and at any time, (i) immediately available funds at bank or postal accounts, (ii) any investment in marketable debt obligations issued by the Issuer or by any other party, and (iii) any investment in investment funds which invest substantially all their assets in securities of the types described in paragraph (ii) above. For avoidance of doubt, any undrawn and available amounts under the Super Senior Working Capital Facility shall not be considered Cash Equivalent Investments.
"Cash Report" means a report prepared by the Issuer and made available to the Bond Trustee evidencing the Liquidity balance of the Group on the Liquidity Testing Dates.
"Cash Sweep Prepayment Amount" means an amount equal to the Liquidity held by the Group on the Liquidity Testing Date, according to the Cash Report in excess of EUR 5,000,000. The prepayment amount shall be rounded down so that the amount to be prepaid to the Bondholders pro rata pursuant to a mandatory cash sweep under clause lOA will be EUR 100 (or multiples thereof).
