"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.1 (a).
"Escrow Accounts" means two bank accounts of the Issuer established with SEB, where one is denominated in EURand the other is denominated in DKK. The Net Proceeds will be transferred to the EURescrow account. The Escrow Accounts will be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and on behalf of the Bondholders under the Escrow Account Pledge.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means a first priority Norwegian pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Accounts, where the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights, to secure the entitlements of the Bondholders.
"EUR" means Euro, being the legal currency of the European Union.
"EURIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters screen EURIBOR01page (or through another system or on another website replacing it) at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if no such screen rate is available for the relevant interest period, (b) the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Paying Agent at its request quoted by banks reasonably selected by the Paying Agent, for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or Cc) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant interest period; and in each case, if any such rate is below zero, EURIBORwill be deemed to be zero.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.
5
Nordic Trustee ASA
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
