obligations under these Terms and Conditions are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or
The Agent may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 12.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
If the right to terminate the Bondsis based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
The Issuer is obligated to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 12.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligation to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 12.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 12.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 12.
The Issuer isonly obligated to inform the Agent according to Clause 12.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obligated to either seek the approval from Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 12.4.
If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 12.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 14 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled
19
to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
12.7
