20. 20.1
20.3 21. 21.1
21.2
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS
A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against any Group Company to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of any Group Company in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
Clause 20.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 18.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms and Conditions or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 18.2.9, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 18.2.10 before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 20.1.
