assuming for sub-paragraph (ii) that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given; and
both sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) discounted (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case may be) using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity at the time of computation of the Swedish Government Bond with a maturity date on or about the First Call Date (if the yield to maturity of such Swedish Government Bond is below zero, such yield will be deemed to be zero) plus 0.50 per cent., minus
(iii) the Nominal Amount.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means an event or series of events resulting in Mr Martin Jönsson or Mr Mikael Jönsson ceasing to, directly or indirectly, individually orjointly own and control more than 50 per cent, of the votes and shares in the Issuer or ceasing to have the power to appoint and remove the majority of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time.
"Consolidated EBITDA" means for any Reference Period consolidated earnings of the Group before financial income and financial expenses, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (without double counting) calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles. For the purpose of calculating EBITDA, entities acquired or disposed of during a measurement period will be included or excluded (as applicable) for the entirety of that measurement period.
