(b) the aggregate market value of the Properties as set out in the latest valuations delivered under the Terms and Conditions, or, when a Property has been newly acquired and up until a valuation is made in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the purchase price for such Property.
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 100 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Final Maturity Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant redemption date to the Final Maturity Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Noteholders) on the Notes up to but excluding the Final Maturity Date, less any accrued but unpaid interest, through and including the Final Maturity Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Notes until the Final Maturity Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds, notes or other debt securities (including,
8
for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes). "Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB (Swedish Reg. No. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Costs" means, in respect of the Test Period, the Finance Costs less Interest Receivables and any interest on any intragroup loans, any capitalised interest on loans granted by shareholders and any prepayment fees in respect of borrowings calculated for the Group on a consolidated basis.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Notes issue which, after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer in connection with issuance of the Notes, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 3 (Use o fProceeds).
