10.7.5 10.7.6 11 11.1 11.1.1
If Noteholders representing more than 90 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.7, the Issuer shall send a notice to the remaining Noteholders giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following such notice. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.7.3. The repurchase date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period of thirty (30) Business Days referred to in this Clause 10.7.3.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.7, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 10.7 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 10.7, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.7, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.7 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.7 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Information to Noteholders
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Issuer:
(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash
