15
(e) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 300,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 percent, of the Initial Nominal Amount.
(d) The Issuer may, at one or several occasions after the First Issue Date, issue Subsequent Bonds (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals SEK 400,000,000, always provided that the Maintenance Test is met (tested pro forma including such issue). Any Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the Nominal Amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount to or at a premium compared to the Outstanding Nominal Amount. Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. Furthermore, all Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfers.
