(iv) duly executed copies of the Finance Documents (to the extent not already provided under Clause 4.1 above).
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4.3(a) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Escrow Account) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account for the purpose of payments in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds) and the Agent shall in connection therewith release the pledge over the Escrow Account.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4.3(a) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within thirty (30) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 101 percent, of the Initial Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 4(b)(ii) of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4.3(d). The repurchase date shall fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw.foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
18
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 17 (Bondholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the Bondholders under Clause 18 (Written Procedure), the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
