9.3 Voluntary Total Redemption
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
9.4 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 103.00 per cent, of the Initial Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(f) (the "Exercise Period")(after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(f) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(f). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the Exercise Period.
(c) No repurchase of Bonds pursuant to this Clause 9.4 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
9.5 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but may not be cancelled.
