If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
8.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due under these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to the Interest Rate plus five (5) per cent., from, but excluding, the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
8.2 If the delay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Company, the Agent, the CSD or the Issuing Agent respectively, as set out in Section 21.1, the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
9 Early redemption by request of the Company
9.1 All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Company on any Early Redemption Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days' notice in accordance with Section 19. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the Early Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date.
9.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 5 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to, and including, the relevant Early Redemption Date.
10 The Company's and the other Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
10.1 The Company and any of the other Group Companies may at any time purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Company or any of the other Group Companies, or surrendered by any of the other Group Companies, to the Company may at the Company's or any of the other Group Companies' discretion, as applicable, be retained or sold or, if held by the Company, be cancelled.
10.2 Bonds held by the Company and by any of the other Group Companies will cease to carry the right to attend and vote at the Holder 's meetings and will not be taken into account, inter alia, for the purposes of Section 134.
