17
12.6 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 12.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Section 12.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 12.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 12.
12.7 The Company is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Section 12.6 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX.
12.8 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 12.1, the Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds or if ground for termination according to Section 12.1 (e) - (h) is at hand, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 14. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not be obliged to terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 134, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
18
12.9 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 12 without relevant decision by the Agent or by the Holders'meeting pursuant to Section 14.
13 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Agent etc.
13.1 The Agent's right to represent the Holders
(a) Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holders' consent (if not required to do so under these Terms and Conditions), the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds).
