(a) The Agent shall monitor the compliance by the Company of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 14 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
20
(c) The Agent may act as agent for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Agent may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(d) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Agent does not limit the Agent's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(e) The Agent may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Agent is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
13.3 Replacement of Agent and Issuing Agent
(a) The Agent and the Issuing Agent can be replaced by another Agent and/or Issuing Agent by the Holders in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 14.
(b) The Agent may resign as agent and/or transfer its position as agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Agent shall take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) calendar days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. Until the resigning Agent has been replaced by a new Agent, the resigning Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
(c) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been
