(d) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 14 (b) may be resolved upon by the Holders' meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Agent of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group Company shall not entitle any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(ii) three quarters (3/4) when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest
24
amount, and (3) amendment of the provisions in this Section 14 (d).
Notwithstanding the above, any decision for a Bond Merger shall only require that a majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies) approves of the Bond Merger. A resolution for a Bond Merger will be binding on all Holders irrespective of if they have been represented at the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. In case of a decision for a Bond Merger, the Company shall promptly notify the Agent and the Holders thereof, such notice to include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take in order to effectuate the Bond Merger (also taking into consideration the rules and regulations of OMX and the CSD).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent), will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by any Group Company shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 19. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(f) At the meeting, the Company, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the boards, the managing directors and other officials of the Company and
25
