15.3 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Holders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Company is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
16 Amendments of the Terms and Conditions
16.1 The Agent may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms and Conditions as long as such amendment does not limit the obligation of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, to the Agents discretion, may materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders or that such amendment is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions. Subject to decisions of the Holders in accordance with Section 134, the Agent may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments.
16.2 The Agent may also, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions to the extent such amendments are required by applicable law, court rulings or decisions by relevant authorities or, when the Bond are listed on OMX, and as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders, to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing.
16.3 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Section 19, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
28
17 Time-bar
17.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment have been time-barred and become void.
17.2 If such periods for limitation are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
