"Account Operator" means a bank or other party registered as account operator (No: Kontofører) with Verdipapirsentralen ASA, through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.
"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Parent, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective o f whether such person is directly registered as owner o f such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes o f this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, o f the power to direct or cause the direction o f the management or policies o f an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879 or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Arranger" means Quesada Kapitalförvaltning AB.
"Business Day" means (i) a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday (Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays), and (ii) in relation to a payment to be made under these Terms and Conditions, also (A) a day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's and the CSD's settlement systems are open and commercial banks in Norway are open for general business and (B) a day on which banks in London are generally open for business.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect o f the Notes, initially Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Norwegian Reg. No. 985 140 421, Fred Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo), or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
