"Guarantee" means the guarantee granted by the Parent as set out in Clause 10 (Guarantee).
"Guaranteed Parties" means the Noteholders and the Agent.
"Initial Notes" means the Notes issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means:
(a) in respect of a relevant person (other than the Parent), that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation; or
(b) in respect of the Parent, that it is deemed to be unable to pay its debts, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of section 212 of the Companies Law, Cap. 113 of the Statute Laws of the Republic of Cyprus (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Noteholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation, compromise or arrangement, reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or cross-border merger under the provisions of the Companies Law, Cap. 113 of the Statute Laws of the Republic of Cyprus) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 January and 20 July of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 20 July 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted due to an application of the Business Day Convention.
