The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents including, inter alia, holding the Guarantee on behalf of the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing any claim under the Guarantee on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the content, valid execution, legal validity or enforceability o f the Finance Documents.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions o f such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests o fthe Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Parent or the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests o f the Noteholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution o fproceeds).
The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
Notwithstanding any other provision o f the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything i f it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
