10.5 10.5.1 10.5.2 10.5.3
(a) the amount presented in the Refurbishment Plan and the amount of Refurbishment Proceeds released from the Escrow Account exceeds the amount actually spent on Refurbishments as evidenced at the completion of the Refurbishment; or
(b) there are any Net Proceeds on the Escrow Account at the earlier of completion of the Refurbishment and the first anniversary of the Settlement Date,
then the Issuer shall apply the difference (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00 per Bond) to partially redeem the Nominal Amount outstanding under the Bonds. Each SEK of Nominal Amount so redeemed shall be redeemed at a price equal to SEK 1.015, together with accrued but unpaid Interest on the redeemed amount. Partial redemption shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The redeemed amount per Bond shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor.
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) and not more than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable. Upon expiry of the notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in part at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory total redemption due to a Disposal Event or a Loss Event
Upon the occurrence of a Disposal Event, the Issuer shall (as soon as possible after closing the transaction for the relevant Disposal Event) redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full at a price per Bond equal to the call price set out in Clause 10.3.1, as applicable at closing date of the transaction for the relevant Disposal Event.
In the event of a Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available but not later than 90 days following the occurrence of a Loss Event, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full at a price per Bond equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Notwithstanding Clause 10.5.2, following a Loss Event described in paragraph (b) or (c) in the definition of Loss Event, the Issuer may instead of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.5.2 rebuild the Property, subject to:
