"Parent" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms. "Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD. "Paying Agent Agreement" means the agreement between the Issuer and the Paying Agent regarding inter alia the Issuer's appointment of the Paying Agent and the services to be rendered by the Paying Agent as registrar and paying agent for the Bonds. "Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date. "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means Financial Indebtedness:
business, and not being made for investment or speculative purposes; and (e) not otherwise permitted above which at any time in aggregate does not exceed NOK
10.000. 000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and which is incurred in the ordinaiy course of business. "Permitted Financial Support" means any Financial Support: (a) provided under the Finance Documents; (b) provided by a Group Company to and for the benefit of another Group Company, provided that the Issuer may only provide Intercompany Loans to SPV 1 and/or SPV 2; and (c) not otherwise permitted above which at any time in aggregate does not exceed NOK 10.000. 000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and which is granted in the ordinaiy course of business.
"Permitted Security" means any Security: (a) created under the Finance Documents; and (b) arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of business.
10(55)
"Permitted Subordinated Loans" means fully subordinated loans provided to the Issuer as borrower by Silk BidCo or any of its Subsidiaries as lender, where servicing of such loans shall be subject to Clause 14.16 {Payments - Permitted Subordinated Loans).
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event).
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event).
"Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated as:
