11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
29 (55)
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 calendar days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on the relevant website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 calendar days after the end of the relevant interim period.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, and shall upon request from a Bondholder, distribute to the Bondholders any Financial Report delivered pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) above.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (.Financial Reports ), however only once for each relevant reporting period, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer o f the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Financial Reports are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date o f those Financial Reports.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Report on Market Value (a) The Issuer shall, at its own expense, arrange for the Market Value to be determined and reported semi-annually to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms between a willing seller and a willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment.
