(d) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
(a) The Notes are denominated in SEK and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents.
(b) By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The nominal amount of each Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Notes is SEK 1,000,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis, at an issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate (fixed or floating), the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Notes (the Initial Notes and all Subsequent Notes) may not exceed SEK 2,000,000,000.
(e) Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank (i) pari passu with the Senior Bank Debt, the Senior Bank Debt Hedge and the Senior Notes Hedge and (ii) at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(f) Except as set out in Clause 5 (Transfer restrictions) below, and subject to any restrictions to which a Noteholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Notes are freely transferrable.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.
W/3497962/v6
