W/3497962/v6
(b) By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Agent and the Security Agent to act on its behalf as set out in paragraph (a).
(c) Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent or the Security Agent), that the Agent or the Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent and the Security Agent are under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and the Security Agent), that the Agent or the Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Agent may only act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies where these issues are ranked pari passu and do not otherwise entail any obvious conflicts of interest for the Agent.
21.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, and, where relevant, in relation to instructions to the Security Agent to enforce the Transaction Security or the Guarantees on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents or for monitoring the performance of the Security Agent.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
