(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Franklin Enterprises Interim Loan" means an interim loan in the amount of USD 13,000,000 from Franklin Enterprises Inc. to the Issuer under a loan agreement dated 25 April 2014, financing payment of the third instalment under the Rig #27 28 29 Purchase Contract in the amount of USD 12,714,000 while the remainder of USD 286,000 is to be applied for general working capital purposes. The loan matures at the earlier of a) the first release of proceeds from the Bond Issue from the Escrow Account and b) 30 June 2014, upon which the loan shall be repaid in full with the addition of accrued interest of 9.0% per annum and a fee of USD 130,000.
"Future Rigs" means any future land rigs other than the New Rigs ordered or purchased by a Group Company, not being any of the Guarantors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Norway. In case of any changes being introduced to GAAP after the date of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall jointly conduct a review of the impact of such changes for the Issuer (including, without limitations, whether such changes would have any impact on the Financial Covenants), and, if relevant, the parties shall enter into such amendments to the Bond Agreement as may be required to arrive at the same Financial Covenants as if no such changes to GAAP had been introduced.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis from each Guarantor securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
7
"Guarantors" means the Rig Owners, the Rig Manager and Global Rig Active 2 AS.
