"Issuer's Earnings Account" means the Issuer's accounts with DNB Bank ASA, to which all proceeds on the Issuer's present and future money claims under any Subordinated Loans and any dividend payments or other distributions from the Guarantors shall be deposited, pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) but not blocked (unless there is an outstanding event of default pursuant to the Bond Agreement). No amount on the Issuer's Earnings Account shall be transferred to any bank account of the Group not being an Account.
"Leasing Agreements" means present and future leasing agreements between the Rig Owners and the Rig Manager where the Rigs are leased by the Rig Manager in connection with the Rig Manager's activities and operations.
"Liquidity" means, at any given time and on a consolidated basis, the aggregate book value of the Group's cash in accordance with GAAP including any cash in the Accounts.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, Pareto Securities AS.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole; (b) the Issuer's and/or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement and/or any Security Document; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement and/or any Security Document.
8
"Market Value of the Rigs" means the fair market value of the Rigs (including installed equipment) in USD determined on the basis of independent valuations of the Rigs obtained from an independent and well-reputed sale and purchase broker familiar with the market for the Rigs appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee in advance of obtaining such valuation. If necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall ensure that a second valuation is obtained, in which case the value shall be determined on the basis of the average of the two valuations. The valuation(s) shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer twice per year. The valuation shall be made on the basis of one rig for each of the three groups of rigs owned by the Group (Rig#21, Rig#22 and Rig#23 as the first group, Rig#25 and Rig#26 as the second group and the New Rigs as the third group), so that during a span of 18 months, all Rigs will have been separately valuated. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually on the Quarter Dates falling on June 30 and December 31 each year, or following an Event of Default (as defined below), upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"Maturity Date" means 3 June 2019 (5 years after the Issue Date). Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
