"Market Value of the Rigs" means the fair market value of the Rigs (including installed equipment) in USD determined on the basis of independent valuations of the Rigs obtained from an independent and well-reputed sale and purchase broker familiar with the market for the Rigs appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee in advance of obtaining such valuation. If necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall ensure that a second valuation is obtained, in which case the value shall be determined on the basis of the average of the two valuations. The valuation(s) shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer twice per year. The valuation shall be made on the basis of one rig for each of the three groups of rigs owned by the Group (Rig#21, Rig#22 and Rig#23 as the first group, Rig#25 and Rig#26 as the second group and the New Rigs as the third group), so that during a span of 18 months, all Rigs will have been separately valuated. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually on the Quarter Dates falling on June 30 and December 31 each year, or following an Event of Default (as defined below), upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"New Rigs" means (i) the three land rigs of type Ideal Rigs 1800 HP to be constructed and at a price of USD 17.460 million per rig being purchased under the Rig # 27 #28 and #29 Purchase Contract, to be owned by Global Rig Active AS and to be named Rig# 27 (expected delivery 1st September 2014), Rig# 28 (expected delivery 1st October 2014) and Rig# 29 (expected delivery 1st November 2014), and (ii) New Rig #30, unless otherwise stated herein.
"New Rig #30" means the land rig of type Ideal Rigs 1800 HP to be acquired by Global Rig Active AS with expected delivery in October 2014, to be financed with the Rig 24 Insurance payment.
"Norwegian Pledge of Operational Assets": means a first priority pledge of all of the Rig Owners' operational assets (No: "DriftstHbeh0rspant").
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means DNB Bank ASA, to act as paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
