(iii) Interest Payment Date in June 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2021 at a price equal to 102 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2, paragraph (a), above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond 'Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days Rom the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 M andatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (a) Upon the occurrence o f a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "P u t Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
20 (42)
NT
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Change of Control Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 {Change o f Contra} Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent o f the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the thirty (30) calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
