(b) The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Change of Control Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 {Change o f Contra} Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event), the Issuer is entitled to prepay all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders o f its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the r u t Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15!l! calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 {Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date o f these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect o f the Bonds then due.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Trams (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer
21 (42)
shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
