Definitions
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes.
"Accounting Principles" means (i) until 31 December 2014, the generally accepted local accounting principles, standards and practices in Denmark and, (ii) thereafter, international financial reporting standards ("IFRS") within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time), each as applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual consolidated financial statements.
"Acquisitions" means the acquisition of the Target Companies (each an "Acquisition").
"Acquisition Failure Event" means either of the Acquisitions failing to be completed within two (2) months of the Issue Date.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.
"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means CorpNordic Sweden AB (reg. no. 556625-5476), or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
