21
11.3.2 11.4 11.4.1
Voluntary redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all of the outstanding Notes, or, provided that at least 60 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount of Notes issued remains outstanding after such redemption, make a partial redemption of the Nominal Amount (to be made pro rata on all outstanding Notes):
(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, plus the Applicable Premium;
(b) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling three (3) years after the First Issue Date at an amount per Note equal to 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling three (3) years after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling four (4) years after the First Issue Date at an amount per Note equal to 101.25 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(d) any time from and including the first Business Day falling four (4) years after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling five (5) years after the First Issue Date at an amount per Note equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice and not more than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
