11.6 11.6.1
such redemption shall take place within 65 days of the date of (i) the closing of an IPO Event and/or (ii) the occurrence of a Change of Control, as the case may be.
The above mentioned notice shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in part at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Put Option Notice (if any) on the specified Redemption Date. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro.
Early redemption due to illegality and repurchase due to a tax event (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer may repurchase the relevant Notes if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, laws or regulations in Sweden, or any change in the interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after the First Issue Date, the Issuer has or will become required to pay any Additional Amount in relation to such Notes and this obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to the Issuer. The Notes shall be repurchased at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The applicability of Clause 11.5.1 or 11.5.2 shall be supported by a legal opinion issued by a reputable law firm.
The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 11.5.1 and repurchase pursuant to Clause 11.5.2 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date (which shall not be less than twenty (20) Business Days following the provision of such notice) and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem, or repurchase (in which case each relevant Noteholder is bound to sell), as the case may be, the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)
