The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 11.5.1 and repurchase pursuant to Clause 11.5.2 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date (which shall not be less than twenty (20) Business Days following the provision of such notice) and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem, or repurchase (in which case each relevant Noteholder is bound to sell), as the case may be, the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of thirty (30) Business Days from the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control Event (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of thirty (30) Business Days from the date of the occurrence of the relevant Listing Failure Event (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
23
11.6.3
11.6.4
11.6.5 11.6.6 11.6.7 12. 12.1
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall five (5) days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1 and 11.6.2.
If Noteholders representing more than 90 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 11.6, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1 or 11.6.2, send a notice to the remaining Noteholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6.4. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 11.6.4.
