The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall five (5) days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1 and 11.6.2.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.6, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.6 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled, except in connection with a full redemption of the Notes.
No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 11.6 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption in whole of the Notes pursuant to Clause 11.3 (Voluntary redemption (call option)) or 11.4 (Special Redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
TRANSACTION SECURITY AND GUARANTEES
Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, as continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants and shall procure that each of the Guarantors grants, on or before the day falling two (2) Business Days after the Disbursement Date, the Transaction Security and the Guarantees (other than the Issuer Share Pledge which shall be granted on the Disbursement Date) to the Secured Parties as represented by the Security Agent. The Transaction Security and Guarantees shall be provided and perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement entered into or to be entered into between the relevant parties and the Agent, acting as security agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. Subject to
24
the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
12.2
