"Relevant Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Senior Facility" means the loan or any Refinancing thereof raised by Midco and Target under the Senior Facility Agreement.
"Senior Facility Agreement" means the SEK 465,000,000 senior facility agreement entered into by Midco and Target (as borrowers) and SBAB Bank AB (publ) (as lender) on 8 November 2013.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Pledgor and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge over all of the shares in the Issuer.
"Shareholder Loans" means any shareholder loans of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such shareholder loans (a) are provided by any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer for the purpose of paying interest, principal or any other amounts due under the Bonds, (b) according to its terms and pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement between the relevant creditor and the Agent, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions, (c) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date and (d) according to its terms yield payment-in-kind interest.
"SPA" means the share purchase agreement entered into on 3 June 2013 between Aktiebolaget Botkyrkabyggen and Midco relating to the purchase of all of the shares in the Target.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such person, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial
