"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such person, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
10
statistics that has become publicly available at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Target" means Albyhjartat AB, (reg. no. 556932-8114, c/o Aktiebolaget Botkyrkabyggen, box 1, 147 21 Tumba, Sweden) a company holding the Property and to be acquired by Midco.
"Total Divestment" means the divestment by a Group Company of the whole Property or the remaining whole part of the Property after a Permitted Disposal or all shares in a Group Company directly or indirectly owning the whole Property or the remaining whole part of the Property after a Permitted Disposal.
"Total Divestment Amount" means:
(a) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus the Applicable Premium if the Total Divestment is made prior to the First Call Date;
(b) 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Total Divestment is made on or after the First Call Date up to (but not including) the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;
