Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 8.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 8.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or Trade Sale
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, the Issuer shall be obliged to repurchase all Notes at a price per Note equal to (i) if the Change of Control Event occurs prior to the First Call Date, 103 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or (ii) if the Change of Control Event occurs on or after the First Call Date but less than 6 months thereafter, 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or (iii) if the Change of Control Event occurs on or after the date falling 6 months from the First Call Date, 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, in each case together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Upon the occurrence of a Trade Sale, the Issuer shall be obliged to repurchase all Notes at a price per Note equal to (i) if the Trade Sale occurs prior to the First Call Date, 103 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or (ii) if the Trade Sale occurs on or after the First Call Date but less than 6 months thereafter, 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or (iii) if the Trade Sale occurs on or after the date falling 6 months from the First Call Date, 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, in each case together with accrued but unpaid Interest, at the date falling five (5) Business Days from the closing date of the Trade Sale. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders, the Agent and the Issuing Agent of the closing date of the Trade Sale promptly upon becoming aware of the same and the proceeds of the Trade Sale must be promptly deposited to an escrow account held with a reputable financial institution in the name of the Agent.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date that is a CSD Business Day and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take. If a Noteholder has acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a Person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase
15(35)
8.5.4 8.5.5 8.5.6
