The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Trade Sale offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 8.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes in accordance with such offer. If the Notes are not purchased by the third party within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 8.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry ofthe time limit. The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.5 if it has exercised its right to redeem all of the Notes in accordance with Clause 8.3 prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or Trade Sale.
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall (and shall procure that each other Obligor will) at the latest on the Issue Date grant the Transaction Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Transaction Security shall be provided and perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into by and between the Issuer and the other Obligors as pledgors and the Agent as pledgee acting on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
The Transaction Security is or is to be granted only for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Security Documents provide and will provide that only the Agent may exercise the rights under the Security Documents and only the Agent has the right to enforce the Security Documents. As a consequence, the Secured Parties shall not be entitled, individually or collectively, to take any direct action to enforce any rights in their favor under the Security Documents.
Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with the Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Noteholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security or guarantees for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Noteholders' or the Obligors' rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
All Transaction Security or arrangement having similar effects may be released by the Agent, without the need for any further referral to or authority from anyone, upon any enforcement
16(35)
9.5
9.6
9.7 10. 10.1 10.1.1
