(e) a compliance certificate in the form of Appendix 1 hereto (i) setting out calculations and figures as to compliance with Clause 11.13 (Financial undertakings) and (ii) containing a confirmation that no Event o f Default has occurred (or if an Event o f Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it).
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event o f Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
For the purposes of measuring the compliance with the Loan to Value Ratio, a Valuation shall be prepared semi-annually at the cost and expense o f the Issuer appraising the market value of the Properties (assuming that the completion of the Project has occurred) as at every other Reference Date. Each Valuation shall be delivered by the Issuer to the Agent promptly after receipt of the same from the Valuer together with the financial statements of the Issuer at the same time the financial statements are published in accordance with Clause 10.1.1(a) and (b). In addition, the Agent may request a Valuer or any other reputable independent firm o f chartered surveyors to prepare and deliver to the Agent an additional valuation o f the Properties at any time if the Agent has justifiable reason to believe that an Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing. The costs of each such valuation shall be borne by the Issuer.
Information from the Agent
Subject to the restrictions o f a non-disclosure agreement entered into by the Agent with the Issuer, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent
18(35)
10.3 11. 11.1 11.2 11.2.1
11.2.2 11.3 11.3.1 11.3.2
shall notify the Noteholders of the occurrence of an Event of Default in accordance with Clause 12.3.
