19.2.8 19.2.9
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Noteholders. Except as specified in Clause 4 (Conditions for disbursement), the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer with its obligations under the Finance Documents on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents or received from a Noteholder. The Agent is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent is entitled to take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Noteholders pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs reasonably incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 13 (Distribution o fproceeds).
