"Guarantor" means the Original Guarantors and any Additional Guarantors.
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning as set out in Clause 15.2.
"Initial Loan Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan or receivable (such loan or receivable to have a maturity of no less than two months) granted by a Material Group Company to another Group Company or by a Group Company to the Issuer in an amount exceeding NOK 2,000,000 or, if granted as more than one loan, exceeding.NOK 3,000,000 in aggregate (or, in each case, the equivalent in any other currency) (not including any Financial Indebtedness under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group), and which pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement shall be fully subordinated to the obligations of the relevant Group Company under the Secured Obligations.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an agreement between the Sponsor, the Issuer, the Guarantors, any Group Company granting an Intercompany Loan to the Issuer, any Owner granting a Shareholder Loan, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty and any New Lenders, which shall contain provisions on inter alia (i) redistribution between the Secured Parties (subject to relevant super senior principles applying for the Revolving Credit Facility and Permitted Hedging Obligations as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement) of the proceeds from any enforcement of security and distressed disposals and (ii) subordination of Intercompany Loans to the Secured Obligations. The Intercreditor Agreement shall be based on customary terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee shall approve, including, but not limited to, the main terms set out in Attachment 3. The Intercreditor Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 15.1.
"Interest Payment Date" means 9 February, 9 May, 9 August and 9 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustments will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Group for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
