"Maximum Loan Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 16.1.
"New Debt" means any new Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer in accordance with paragraph (I) and (m) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness". Any New Debt may be secured by the Pre-Disbursement Security, which shall be shared between the Secured Parties, on a pari passu and pro rata basis pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and Security as permitted under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Permitted Security".
"New Lenders" means the finance parties in respect of any New Debt (except to the extent that the New Debt is incurred as a result of a Tap Issue).
"New Security" means Security in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Secured Parties according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement) to be granted over any new assets having been acquired.
"New Shareholder Injection" means i) the aggregate amount subscribed for by the Owner or any person (other than a member of the Group) for new shares in the Issuer (and registered in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises), and ii) any new Shareholder Loans made to the Issuer.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing or (as the case may be) agreed, between Finans Norge (or any other Person which takes over the administration of NIBOR) and the NIBOR calculation agent), to replace the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon
8
(on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
