"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Pledge over IP rights" means the first priority pledge over each Material Group Company's IP rights or similar in applicable jurisdiction (in respect of the Norwegian Material Group Companies, such security is included by the first priority pledge over machinery and plant, (No: driftstilbeh0rspant)).
"Pledge over Inventory" means the first priority pledge over each Material Group Company's inventory (including unfinished and finished goods, fuels and other consumables) (No: varelagerpant) or similar in applicable jurisdiction.
11
"Pledge over Machinery and Plant" means the first priority pledge over each Material Group Company's machinery and plant (No: driftstilbeh0rspant) or similar in applicable jurisdiction. "Pledge over Trade Receivables" means the first priority pledge over each Material Group Company's trade receivables (No:fa do ringpant) or similar in applicable jurisdiction. "Pledged Bank Account" means a separate bank account which is pledged, but not blocked, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Secured Parties according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement). "Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.4. "Pre-Disbursement Security" means: (a) the Share Pledges; (b) the Pledge of Intercompany Loans; (c) the Account Pledges; (d) the Pledge over IP rights; (e) the Pledge over Inventory; (f) the Pledge over Machinery and Plant; (g) the Pledge over Trade Receivables; and (h) the Guarantees. "Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.1. "Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3. "Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December. "RCF Creditors" means the finance parties under the RCF Finance Documents. "RCF Lender" means the lender or lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility. "RCF Finance Documents" means the agreement(s) for the Revolving Credit Facility and any other document entered into in relation thereto. "Relevant Period" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 15.1. "Release Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Attachment 2. "Restricted De-Merger" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.6(c). "Restricted Disposal" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.8(b). "Revolving Credit Facility" means a revolving credit, guarantee and/or overdraft facility/facilities to be provided to any Group Company by the RCF Lender or any of its Affiliates for general corporate purposes of the Group (and any refinancing, amendments or replacements thereof), amended from time to time (as the case may be), which shall be limited to a maximum amount (excluding interest, default interest, fees, costs and expenses related to such facility/facilities) of
12
NOK 30,000,000.
All amounts outstanding under the RCF Finance Documents shall be secured by the PreDisbursement Security.
The Revolving Credit Facility shall include a "clean down" provision pursuant to which all outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility (less any guarantees) shall be repaid annually, the first 5-day clean down period to take place during the fiscal year of 2015.
