(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(l) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date of the Loan Agreement and on the Disbursement Date.
7.2 Except where caused by the Loan Trustee's own negligence or willful misconduct, the Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a direct result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein.
7.3 In relation to the individual Bondholders the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7.1 will cease to be valid upon Conversion of all Bonds held by the Bondholder in question.
8. Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank p a ri passu with all other senior debt o f the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 Any cash distribution made by the Borrower to any of its subsidiaries during the term of the Loan shall be made in the form of a shareholder contribution. The Loan shall be secured by a pledge (on the best available priority, however with priority after the First Bond Issue) in the bank account into which the repayment of any and all shareholder contribution will be made, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to the Loan amount plus interest and expenses.
If the Borrower obtains an ownership of 100 % in the Subsidiary, the Loan shall be secured by a guarantee from the Subsidiary, in form of an unconditional stand by guarantee (i.e. a guarantee whereby the obligation becomes due upon the default of the principal debtor "selvskyldnerkausjon") related to the Borrower's obligations according to the Loan Agreement, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), for an amount equal to the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses). The Loan Trustee may require a legal opinion for the Guarantee.
Until the Guarantee is established, the Loan shall be secured by a share pledge or charge over all the Borrower's rights and obligations in relation to its shares in the Subsidiary, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), for an amount equal to the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses). Such share pledge or charge shall have equal priority with other secured debt in the same rights and obligations in relation to the shares in the Subsidiary, up to an aggregate amount of USD 120,000,000. The share pledge or charge shall be released upon establishment of the Guarantee, provided that all other secured debt in the rights and obligations in relation to its shares in the Subsidiary is released.
