13.2 The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.
13.4 In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Conversion Agent (via its Account Manager) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice.
Request for conversion takes place by the Bondholder notifying its Account Manager of the number of Bonds which shall be converted. The Account Manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Conversion Agent. The Conversion Agent shall carry the conversion into effect on or before the Conversion Date as follows:
Upon Conversion, one (1) Share shall be obtained for each full amount equivalent to the Conversion Price of the total nominal principal amount of the Bonds that one and the same Bondholder wishes to convert at the same time. If this amount is not exactly divisible by the Conversion Price, the excess sum shall fall to the Borrower.
Conversion is effected by the Shares being recorded as interim shares in the share register of the Borrower kept by the VPC. The Borrower shall ensure the due registration on or before the Conversion Date. Once registration has taken place at the Swedish Companies Registration Office, the registration in the share accounts will become final. As described in Clause 14 below, such final registration may be deferred in certain cases.
Interest accrued since the latest interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall not be paid in cash to the Bondholders, but shall accrue to the Borrower unless the Conversion Date falls on the Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date, then interest due shall be paid to the relevant Bondholder. However, if a Bondholder exercises the Conversion Right after notification of exercise of the Call Option (as set out in Clause 10.2 third paragraph), interest accrued since the latest interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall be paid in cash to the Bondholder.
The Borrower shall pay all (if any) taxes and capital, stamp, issue and registration duties payable in Sweden arising on conversion and on the issue and delivery of Shares upon conversion.
Shares issued upon conversion of the Bonds will be fully paid and will in all respects rank pari passu with the Shares in issue on the relevant Conversion Date.
13.5 The Borrower is responsible for ensuring that:
