H. If it is decided that the Borrower shall acquire its own Shares in accordance with Chapter 19, Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act, where the acquisition, in the Loan Trustee's opinion, in view of its technical structure and financial effects, is equivalent to a compulsory reduction of the Company's share capital, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by applying, to the greatest extent possible, the rules stated in sub-section G above.
J. In adjusting the Conversion Price as described above, the price shall be rounded to four (4) decimals.
K. If it is decided that the Borrower is to enter into liquidation, pursuant to Chapter 25 of the Swedish Companies Act, Conversion may not be requested thereafter, regardless of the grounds for liquidation. The right to request Conversion ceases simultaneously with the decision to liquidate, notwithstanding the fact that the decision may not have come into legal force. However, Bondholders have the right, in such cases, to demand immediate payment of the principal amount of their Bonds plus accrued interest to the date of payment. If the decision to liquidate is made at a General Meeting of Shareholders, this right becomes effective on the day following the Meeting or else on the day following the date on which the court order or liquidation has come into legal force. Within a week thereafter, the Borrower shall notify the Bondholders in writing, reminding them of their right to demand immediate payment.
Not later than two (2) months before the General Meeting of Shareholders determines whether the Borrower should enter into voluntary liquidation, as provided in Chapter 25, Section 1 of the Swedish Companies Act, the Bondholders shall be informed of the planned liquidation. The notice shall include a reminder that Conversion may not be requested after the Meeting has voted to liquidate.
If the Borrower gives notice of planned liquidation as stated above, Bondholders are entitled - notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13 above regarding the earliest time for requesting Conversion - to request Conversion from the date when the notice was issued, provided that Conversion can be effected not later than the tenth calendar day prior to the General Meeting of Shareholders at which the issue of the Borrower's liquidation is to be considered.
L. If the General Meeting of Shareholders approves a merger agreement, in accordance with Chapter 23, Section 15 of the Swedish Companies Act, whereby the Borrower would become part of another company, Conversion may not thereafter be requested.
21
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
However, the Bondholders have the right, during a period of two (2) months from the date of such approval, to demand immediate payment of the principal amount of their Bonds, plus interest accrued to the date of payment.
