Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Borrower shall notify the Bondholders, advising them of this right, not later than one (1) week following the beginning of such period. Nothing contained herein shall impair rights that may legally accrue to the Bondholders in their capacity as creditors in conjunction with a merger.
Not later than two (2) months prior to the time the Borrower takes a final decision on the matter of a merger as described above, the Bondholders shall be informed of such merger plans. The notice shall present a report on the principal terms of the planned merger agreement and shall remind the Bondholders that Conversion may not be requested once the merger has been fully approved in accordance with that stated in the first paragraph above.
Should the Borrower give notice of the planned merger as stated above, the Bondholders shall - notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13 above regarding the earliest time for requesting Conversion - have the right to request Conversion from the date when the notice of the merger plans was issued, provided that Conversion can be effected not later than the tenth calendar day prior to the General Meeting of Shareholders at which the merger agreement, whereby the Borrower shall become part of another company, is to be approved.
M. Should the Board of Directors, in accordance with Chapter 23, Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act, conclude a merger agreement, the following shall apply.
If a Swedish limited liability stock company owns all shares outstanding in the Borrower, and the Board of Directors announces its intention of concluding a merger agreement in accordance with the stipulations in the Act cited in the preceding paragraph, the Borrower shall in the event that the final day for Conversion pursuant to Section 13 above occurs after such announcement, determine a new final day for requests for Conversion ("closing date"). The closing date shall fall within sixty (60) days from the date of the announcement.
If public notice has been given in accordance with that stated above in this sub section, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13 above with respect to the earliest date to request Conversion, the Bondholders shall have the right to request Conversion up to and including the closing date. At least four (4) weeks prior to the closing date, the Borrower shall remind the Bondholders of this right and also remind them that Conversion may not be requested after the closing date. In addition, the Bondholders shall be reminded in this notification of their right to demand immediate payment in accordance with that stated in the preceding paragraph.
N. Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-sections K, L and M above to the effect that Conversion may not be requested after a decision is made to liquidate, or approval is given for a merger agreement or after the expiry of a new closing date upon merger, rights to request Conversion shall be reinstated in the event that the liquidation is revoked or the agreement to merge is not implemented.
22
