The amount expensed in 2014 in relation to restructuring activities amounted to NOK 4 million. This relates mainly to the restructuring activities listed above. Total payments relating to restructuring activities in 2014 amounted to NOK 153 million. This relates mainly to the closure of PM4 at Norske Skog Walsum (NOK 127 million) and head office (NOK 12 million),
The amount expensed in 2013 in relation to restructuring activities amounted to NOK 145 million. This amount related mainly to the provisions listed above, offset by the recognition of NOK 10 million income due to the release of provisions expensed in 2012 at Norske Skog Tasman (NOK 6 million), Norske Skog Golbey (NOK 3 million) and Norske Skog Skogn (NOK 1 million). Total cash flow relating to restructuring activities in 2013 amounted to NOK 122 million, and related mainly to Norske Skog Tasman (NOK 77 million), Norske Skog Walsum (NOK 20 million) and head office (NOK 13 million).
DISMANTLING PROVISION Provisions related to future dismantling costs arising from a future closing down of production facilities amounted to NOK 65 million at 31 December 2014, compared to NOK 56 million at 31 December 2013. The total amount is classified as non-current and will only be realised at the time of a future shut down of any of the Norske Skog production units. The provision is the net present value of the future estimated costs, calculated using a long-term risk-free interest rate. The periodic unwinding of the discount is recognised in the income statement line Financial items. The opposite entry for dismantling provision and change in provision estimates is Property, plant and equipment.
Discount rates and assumptions included as part of the best estimate will impact the future carrying value of the dismantling provision. To illustrate the sensitivity, a reduction in the future discount rate of one percentage point would increase the provision by approximately NOK 9 million, with a corresponding increase in future depreciation on property, plant and equipment.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROVISION The group's provision for environmental obligations is presented in the balance sheet as Other non-current liabilities. The provision is related to estimated future costs for cleaning up any environmental pollution caused by Norske Skog production units. The provision will mainly be realised in a future period upon a potential shut down of the production activities of any of the Norske Skog production units. Increased environmental requirements from local governments may also lead to realisation of this provision at an earlier point in time.
Provisions for future environmental obligations amounted to NOK 211 million at 31 December 2014 compared to NOK193 million at 31 December 2013. The increase is due to currency translation effects and lower discount rates. Resources spent on environmental activities during 2014 amounted to NOK 4 million.
The carrying value of the provision is the best estimate made by measuring the expected value of the specific obligations, discounted to present value using a long-term risk-free interest rate when the time value of money is material. Changes in factors included in the expected value will impact the carrying value of the obligation. To illustrate the sensitivity, a reduction in the future discount rate by one percentage point would increase the provision by approximately NOK 24 million. Changes in accounting estimates not related to assets are classified as operating items in the income statement, and the periodic unwinding of the discount is recognised within the income statement line Financial items.
ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
91
