The Exchange Offers
Eligibility to Participate in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.............................
The Exchange Offers
Unsecured Exchange Notes Agency Agreement............
QSF Exchange Notes Agency Agreement.........................
Minimum Offer Amount......
The Consent Solicitations
For a description of the background to and the purpose of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, see "--The Transactions--The Exchange Offers". For a description of the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, see "Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations". Neither the Exchange Offers nor the issuance of the Exchange Notes has been or will be registered under the Securities Act or any other securities laws. The Exchange Offers will only be made to, and the Exchange Notes are being offered and will be issued only to, Eligible Holders who are (1) QIBs, or (2) persons other than "U.S. persons" located outside the United States, as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and if such persons are located in the EEA, such persons are "Qualified Investors" as defined under the Prospectus Directive. In addition, each Holder of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes participating in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will be deemed to give certain representations as set out in "Procedures for Participating in the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations--Holders' Representations, Warranties and Undertakings". See "Transfer Restrictions." The Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer are offering to exchange any or all Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for a combination of an amount of the applicable Exchange Notes, calculated using the relevant Exchange Ratio, plus in the case of the 2017 Notes, the 2017 Notes Accrued Interest Payment. The Parent is also offering to Eligible Holders that exchange their Relevant 2016/2017 Notes the right to subscribe for cash for Ordinary Shares of the Parent at a price of NOK 2.24 per share in an aggregate amount of up to 15.0 million (using the NOK equivalent as of January 4, 2015). As of December 31, 2015, the principal amount of the outstanding 2016 Notes and 2017 Notes was as follows:
· 121,421,000 2016 Notes (including Parent holdings which will be sold to certain Holders pursuant to the Transactions for tender in the 2016 Notes Exchange Offer); and
