Norske Skog's objective when managing capital is to maximise return on equity within the limits set by the group's external debt financing. In order to improve the capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. See Note 8 for futher information on the debt maturity and Note 27 for futher information on the refinancing of bonds after the balance sheet date.
Norske Skog is an international company that, through its ongoing business operations, will be exposed to litigation and claims from public authorities and contracting parties as well as assessments from public authorities in each country it operates.
Norske Skog has continued the process related to simplification of the group's corporate structure in 2014. The simplification of the group's corporate structure in combination with changes in individual countries' tax laws could increase the group's tax exposure. However, due to completed reorganisations and tax assessments, the overall tax exposure has decreased during the last years.
26. RELATED PARTIES
All transactions with related parties are conducted in accordance with the arm's length principle.
Some of Norske Skogindustrier ASA's shareholders are forest owners delivering forestry products to the group's production units in Norway. One of the board members, Eilif Due, is a forest owner who supplies wood to the group on normal commercial terms. All contracts for supply of wood are entered into through forest owner associations or companies.
In 2013, Norske Skog entered into a contract with Fram Eiendom (Fram Realinvest AS, Sjølyststranda Næring AS, Fram Eiendomsdrift AS and Skøyen Næringsbygg AS) for the lease of its head office at Skøyen. Torstein I. Tvenge, together with close family members, controls 100% of Fram Eiendom. Tvenge is also a shareholder of Norske Skogindustrier ASA. The lease contract for the head office has been entered into on normal commercial terms. Lease payments to Fram Eiendom recognised as an expense in 2014 amounted to NOK 4.1 million.
Purchases of goods and services by associated company Malaysian Newsprint Industries Sdn. Bhd. (MNI) from other companies in the Norske Skog group during 2014 amounted to NOK 0 million (NOK 10 million in 2013). There were no amounts payable by MNI to the Norske Skog group at 31 December 2014 or 31 December 2013.
None of the board members receives remuneration for their work for the company from any source other than the company itself.
