FIXED SALARY The board has not established any upper and/or lower limits to the amounts that can be paid to senior executives in the company as fixed salary in the coming financial year. See also Note 12 in the consolidated financial statements.
Annual incentive plans The company has operated bonus schemes for executives and employees for a number of years, to ensure that important commercial goals receive adequate priority. These annual incentive plans for corporate management provide a maximum payout corresponding to 50 % of annual base salary. The performance figures are based on financial, operational and individual criteria.
later. Each option carries the right to be paid an amount in cash equal to (a) the fair market value less (b) the exercise price, including any hurdle rate added to the exercise price as of the exercise date. Fair market value is the volume weighted average trading price of the shares on Oslo Stock Exchange over a period of five trading days starting on the exercise date. The exercise date is the latter of the date falling three years after the award date or the date of publication of the company's interim financial statements for the first six months of 2014. The initial exercise price (strike price) for the synthetic options was NOK 4.80. The exercise price shall be increased by 10 per cent pro anno (the hurdle rate). The hurdle rate shall be added to the exercise price annually in arrears as of each anniversary of the award date, and shall from then be included in the basis for the calculation of further hurdle rate.
The long-term incentive plan launched in 2014 fells within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based payments. A share-based payment transaction is a transaction in which the company receives services from the employee of those services in a share-based payment arrangement. A cashsettled share-based payment transaction is a share-based payment transaction in which the entity acquires services by incurring a liability to transfer cash to the employee of those services for amounts that are based on the price of the shares in the company. IFRS 2 applies not only to awards of shares but also to awards of cash of a value equivalent to the value, or a movement in the value, of a particular number of shares, which is the case for the long term incentive plan. The ultimate cost of a cash-settled share-based transaction is the actual cash paid to the counterparty, which will be the fair value at settlement date. The periodic determination of this liability is at each reporting date between grant and settlement the fair value of the award. The fair value of the award is determined in accordance with the specific requirements in IFRS 2. During the vesting period, the liability recognised at each reporting date is the fair value of the award at that date multiplied by the expired portion of the vesting period. All changes in the liability are recognised in profit or loss for the period. The fair value of the liability is determined by applying an option pricing model, taking into account the terms and conditions on which the cash-settled transaction was granted, and the extent to which the employees have rendered services to date. Norske Skog has made a fair value measurement of the liability using a Black & Scholes model for European call options with no dividends.
Long-term incentive programme The purpose of the company's long-term incentive programme is to secure a continued strong focus on the development of shareholder value. The board adopted new principles for the long-term incentive programme in 2007, where the criteria for awarding synthetic shares to corporate management is tied to Total Shareholder Return (TSR - development of the share price including dividend payments), such that this must be above average for a defined group of 10 listed paper manufacturers, including Norske Skog. A positive TSR for the period is also an absolute condition. This scheme will yield a 30% payout if Norske Skog performs better than the average for the reference group and a full payout if the company falls within the best quartile. Progress is measured over a three-year period, with a new period beginning each year. There is no dilution effect as a result of the scheme.
The programme was continued for 2008 and 2009. It was continued for 2010 with some changes: the maximum annual bonus from the programme was set to NOK 4 million for the CEO and NOK 2 million for other members of corporate management (instead of a fixed number of shares), and the bonus after tax must be used to purchase shares until the total shareholding in the company corresponds to a certain number of shares (200 000 for the CEO and 100 000 for other members of corporate management). The programme was continued for 2011 and 2012, but there was no offer for 2013 or 2014. The programme was applicable for the CEO and one previous member of corporate management and will be concluded in 2015.
A revised long-term incentive plan was launched in 2014. The plan targets a positive share price development over a three-years period from 2014 to 2017 and allows the board to grant synthetic share options to the corporate management and other key employees, including managing directors of the Norwegian business units. The synthetic options are to be settled in 2017, at the board's discretion, a maximum of one third of the total number of options can be awarded through a bonus payment each year. The long-term incentive program issued in total 3 780 000 synthetic options. At the start of the program, (award date 17 July 2014) 2 250 000 synthetic options were awarded, leaving 1 530 000 synthetic options to be granted
Further variable elements Further variable elements include a fixed mileage allowance, newspapers, mobile phone and coverage of the costs of broadband communication in accordance with established standards.
PENSION PLANS Norske Skogindustrier ASA introduced the current defined contribution plan with effect from 1 January 2011, with a contribution of 4% for earnings between 1 and 6 G (base amount in the Norwegian national insurance scheme) and 8% between 6 and 12 G. The previous scheme with pensionable age of 67 and providing a pension of approximately 65% of ordinary salary at retirement, and 60% from the age of 77 including national insurance, was closed from 31 December 2010, and now only covers employees who were born prior to 1 January 1959 and who were employed in the company before the closure. The company also has a supplementary scheme for the part of salary exceeding 12 G, and there is a separate early retirement pension scheme from 64 to 67 years for corporate management, previously referred to as insured supplementary plans. It was decided to terminate these insured supplementary plans with effect from 1 January 2007 and they were replaced by a book reserve arrangement for the pension part, a disability insurance and a group life insurance (annual base salary) replacing dependents' pensions. Corporate management is covered by a special group life insurance policy with payments limited to three times the annual salary and a maximum of 80 G. Old age pension for the part of salary exceeding 12 G was also changed to a defined contribution plan from 1 January 2011. At the time of the change, employees who were born before 1 January 1959 were given the opportunity to continue with the defined benefit plan. Norske Skog provided salary compensation for employees who were at a financial disadvantage because of the change from a defined benefit to a defined contribution plan, both in the main plan and in the plan for salary above 12 G. This salary compensation was based on certain assumptions about the future at the time of the change, including return on assets, salary adjustment, change in the base amount (G) and inflation. The compensation will not be changed even if these factors should turn out to be different from the assumptions.
