www.ey.no Medlemmer av den norske revisorforening
Report on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Norske Skogindustrier ASA, comprising the financial statements for the parent company and the group. The financial statements of the parent company and the group comprise the balance sheet as at 31 December 2014, the statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity for the year then ended as well as a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
The Board of Directors' and Chief Executive Officer's responsibility for the financial statements The Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway for the financial statements of the parent company and the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU for the financial statements of the group, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor's responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the financial statements for the parent company and the group.
116
ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA
