iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
RELATED PARTIES
Some of the company's shareholders are forest owners who supply wood to the group's mills in Norway. All transactions with related parties are conducted on normal commercial terms. No directors receive remuneration for their work for the company from any source other than the company itself.
RISK MANAGEMENT
Norske Skog conducts continuous evaluations of its operational and financial risk factors.The main risk exposures for the group are linked to price and volume developments for publication paper and the costs of key input factors such as energy and fibre. Currency movements and developments in the broader economic climate remain the largest uncertainties impacting all of the above. Challenging trading conditions currently and high financial leverage in the group amplifies the business risks. A further description of risk factors and risk management is provided in the annual financial statem ents for 2014.
OUTLOOK
The market balance for newsprint and magazine paper in Europe has improved following capacity closures in the industry. The industry consensus for improved pricing is supported by high operating rates across all graphic paper grades. This has already led to improved LWC prices and the SC market has firmed up following the introduction of US import duties on Canadian SC paper and an improved operating rate in Europe. Newsprint prices are expected to improve into 2016 from cash cost levels last seen in 2010. Following the
deconsolidation of Walsum and ongoing tissue conversion at Bruck, Norske Skog only has high quality a ssets left in the portfolio.
The newsprint export business out of Australasia is an increasing challenge as the domestic market declines and the Asian prices remain at historical lows.
