3. ESTIMATES, JUDGEMENTS AND ASSUMPTIONS
Estimated decline in value of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets which have an indefinite useful life and goodwill are not subject to amortisation, but are tested annually for impairment. Property, plant and equipment, and intangible a sse ts that are subject to amortisation are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asse t's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from a
cash-generating unit. Norske Skog applies a weighted average cost of capital (WACC) model for calculating the present value of future cash flows. Calculation of value in use requires use of estimates.
The challenging and deteriorated trading conditions in 2015 has increased the uncertainty in the estim ates to be used for calculating value in use of asse ts a s part of the annual impairment calculation. No impairments or reversal of impairments have been made at 30 September 2015.
Commodity contracts and em bedded derivatives in commodity contracts m easured at fair value Commodity contracts that fail to meet the own-use exemption criteria in IAS 39 F inancial instrum ents - recognition and m easurem ent are recognised in the balance sheet and valued at fair value. Fair values of commodity contracts and embedded derivatives in commodity contracts which are not traded in an active marked, are assessed
NORSKE SKOG INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 12
through valuation techniques. Norske Skog has one long-term energy contract in New Zealand. The electricity prices for long-term electricity contracts in New Zealand are not directly observable in the market for the whole contract length. Price forecasts from acknowledged external sources are used in the estimation of fair value. The group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and make assum ptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date.
S ee Note 9 in the annual financial statem ents for 2014 for more information regarding the calculation of fair value of derivatives.
