through valuation techniques. Norske Skog has one long-term energy contract in New Zealand. The electricity prices for long-term electricity contracts in New Zealand are not directly observable in the market for the whole contract length. Price forecasts from acknowledged external sources are used in the estimation of fair value. The group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and make assum ptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date.
Provisions Provisions for environmental restoration, dismantling costs, restructuring activities and legal claims are recognised when the group has a present legal or constructive obligation a s a result of past events, an outflow of resources is more likely than not to be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
Provisions for future environmental and dismantling liabilities are based on a number of assumptions made using m anagement's best
judgment. S ee Note 2 in the annual financial statem ents for 2014 for a more thorough description of important accounting estim ates and assumptions impacting the preparation of financial statem ents.
Contingent liabilities Norske Skog is an international company that, through its ongoing business operations, will be exposed to litigation and claims from public authorities and contracting parties a s well a s assessm ents from public authorities in each country it operates.
Norske Skog has continued the process related to simplification of the group's corporate structure in 2015. The simplification of the group's corporate structure in combination with changes in individual countries' tax laws could increase the group's tax exposure. However, due to completed reorganisations and tax assessm ents, the overall tax exposure has decreased during the last years.
4. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
JAN-SEP
Carrying value at start of period Additions 1 Depreciation Impairments Value changes Disposals Currency translation differences Carrying value at end of period
