Walsum Papier GmbH w as deconsolidated from the beginning of June 2015. A net loss of NOK 164 million w as recognised in the second quarter of 2015 in the income statem ent line Other gains and losses. This amount includes a cumulative loss of NOK 95 million related to currency translation differences that were recognised
The income statem ent for the Norske Skog group include figures from Walsum Papier GmbH up until 31 May 2015. A ssets and liabilities were derecognised in the Norske Skog group's balance sheet from the beginning of June 2015.
13 INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NORSKE SKOG
6. OPERATING SEGMENTS
The activities of the Norske Skog group are focused on two business system s, namely Europe and Australasia. The segm ent structure is in line with how the group is managed internally. Norske Skog's chief operating decision m aker is corporate m anagem ent, who distribute resources and a sse ss performance of the group's operating segm ents. According to the operating model, all mills have a direct reporting line to corporate m anagem ent. The mills have been aggregated into two operating segm ents, publication paper Europe and publication paper Australasia, based on geographical location. Norske Skog has an integrated strategy in Europe and Australasia to maximize the profit in each region. The optimisation is carried out through coordinated sales- and operational planning. The regional planning, in combination with structured sales and operational processes, ensures maximisation of profit.
Publication paper includes newsprint and magazine paper. Newsprint includes standard newsprint and other paper qualities used in newspapers, inserts, catalogues etc. Magazine paper includes the paper qualities super calendered (SC) and light weight coated (LWC). Magazine paper is used in magazines, catalogues and advertising materials.
Activities that are not part of the operating segm ents are included in other activities. During second quarter of 2015 other activities has been extended with a sub-segm ent named G reen energy. This sub segm ent consist of Nature's Flame, a New Zealand based wood pellets producer acquired in June 2015.
The publication paper Europe segm ent encom passes production and sale of newsprint and magazine paper in Europe. All the four European mills and the regional sales organization are included in the operating segm ent publication paper Europe.
The publication paper Australasia segm ent encom passes production and sale of newsprint and magazine paper in Australasia. All the three mills in Australasia and the regional sales organization are included in the operating segm ent publication paper Australasia.
