Gains and losses on level 3 financial instruments recognised in the income statem ent, line item Other gains and losses, amounted to NOK 78 million in the third quarter of 2015 (NOK -201 million in the second quarter of 2015).
The change in accounting principle regards which economic characteristics and risks of embedded derivatives that are considered closely related to a power purchase or sale contract between buyers and sellers in Norway. An em bedded foreign currency derivative is
closely related, and shall accordingly not be accounted for separately, if it is commonly used in the economic environment in which the transaction takes place. As of 1 January 2015, Norske Skog has changed its interpretation of what is considered an economic environment for the purpose of separation of em bedded foreign currency derivatives in non-financial contracts, so that the Norwegian and Nordic power market is considered an economic environment for these purposes. Norske Skog has asse sse d EUR to be a commonly used currency in the Norwegian and Nordic power market, including in long-term contracts to buy or sell physical power between buyers and sellers in this market. The energy market in Europe is further assessed to be an integrated economic environment where contracts to buy and sell power are commonly denominated in EUR. In addition, Norske Skog has reassessed and concluded that general inflation indexes in long-term physical energy purchase contracts may be considered closely related, and accordingly not required to be accounted for separately, when the purpose and effect of including them is to ensure that the prices in the contracts are adjusted to the general price level where the transaction takes place.
The comparable figures for 2014 in the condensed consolidated balance sheet have been restated. The following line items have been impacted in the condensed consolidated balance sheet: Deferred tax asset, Retained earnings and other reserves, Other non current liabilities and Other current liabilities. Retained earnings and other reserves were increased by NOK 185 million at 1 January 2014 (increased by NOK 21 million at 30 Septem ber 2014 and increased by NOK 212 million at 31 December 2014).
NORSKE SKOG INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 18
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
9. PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS AT 30 SEP 2015
Nobelsystem Scandinavia AS Kontrari AS Astrup Fearnley AS Nil Spectatio Finans AS Uthalden A/S Citibank N.A Nordnet Bank AB (Nominee) AT Skog BA Allskog BA Fiducia AS SES AS Clearstream Banking Danske Bank A/S (Nominee) Barokk Invest AS Torstein I. Tvenge Myra Matsenter AS Alfaplan AS UBS AG, London Branch Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken Nordea Bank Finland Shareholders with < 1% ownership Total
