This supplement no. 3 dated March 11, 2016 (the "Supplement") relates to the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations of the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer described in the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
Amendment to Recent Developments
The exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum is amended to include the following paragraphs:
On March 8, 2016, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York denied Citibank N.A., London Branch's motion for a preliminary injunction and vacated the temporary restraining order originally issued on February 2, 2016.
In his order, Judge Richard J. Sullivan said that Citibank N.A., London Branch failed to demonstrate that noteholders would suffer irreparable harm in the absence of an injunction preventing us from consummating the Exchange Offers. We are currently reviewing the details of the order with our legal advisors and assessing any potential effects on the Exchange Offers.
Amendment to Expiration Deadline
The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, previously set to expire on the earlier of (i) 12:00 noon, London time, on March 11, 2016 and (ii) 12:00 noon, London time, on the business day following an announcement by the Parent that it has resolved to consummate the Exchange Offers on the terms set out in the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation Memorandum and to accept all Relevant 2016/2017 Notes validly tendered in the Exchange Offers, have been extended and are now set to expire at 12:00 noon, London time, on March 21, 2016. The time and date of the Meeting of Holders of the 2017 Notes, the Announcement of Results, the Adoption of Extraordinary Resolutions and the Settlement Date will be adjusted accordingly. As of 12:00 noon, London time, today, more than 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2016 Notes and more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Notes have been tendered in the Exchange Offers.
Additional conforming changes are made to the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum to reflect the changes described herein.
Investing in the Exchange Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 30 of the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
