Additional conforming changes are made to the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum to reflect the changes described herein.
This Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Exchange Offers or the Consent Solicitations. If any Holder is in any doubt as to the contents of this Supplement, the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum or the action it should take, it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice, including in respect of any tax consequences, immediately from its stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Relevant 2016/2017 Notes are held on its behalf by a broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company or other nominee must contact such entity if it wishes to offer Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offers or otherwise participate in the Consent Solicitations. None of Lucid Issuer Services Limited (the "Exchange and Tabulation Agent"), the Existing Notes Trustees, the Parent or the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer (or any of their respective directors, employees or affiliates) makes any recommendation as to whether Holders should offer Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for exchange or otherwise participate in the Consent Solicitations.
This Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum do not constitute an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offers in any jurisdiction in which, or to or from any person to or from whom, it is unlawful to make such invitation under applicable securities laws. The Exchange Offers are subject to offer and distribution restrictions in, among others, the United States o f America, the United Kingdom, the Grand Duchy o f Luxembourg, Norway, France, Australia, Switzerland and the European Economic Area. The distribution o f this Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum in those jurisdictions is restricted by the laws o f such jurisdictions. No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the Exchange Offers that wouldpermit a public offering o f securities. See "Offer and Distribution Restrictions ".
1
This Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum do not comprise a prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Directive (as defined herein) and have not been approved, filed with or reviewed by any commission or regulatory authority, whether domestic or foreign (including the U.S.), nor has any such entity issued any report regarding the accuracy or adequacy of this Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
OFFER AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, in this "Offering and Distribution Restrictions" section o f this Supplement, references to this "exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum" mean the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum as amended by this Supplement.
NOTICE TO U.S. INVESTORS
Neither the Exchange Offers, the Exchange Notes or the Ordinary Shares have been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any other securities laws and the Exchange Offers are only directed at, and the Exchange Notes and the Ordinary Shares are only being offered and will only be issued to, Holders that are either (i) "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) ("Rule 144A") or (ii) outside the United States and not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) and are lawfully able to participate in the Exchange Offers in compliance with applicable laws of applicable jurisdictions (each such person, an "Eligible Holder"). Only Eligible Holders are authorized to receive or review this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum or to participate in the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations. See "Transfer Restrictions" for additional information about transfer restrictions.
