Dokkveien 1, 6thFloor
0250 Oslo
United Kingdom
Norway
IM PO RTA N T NOTICE
IM PO R T A N T : You m ust read th e follow ing disclaim er before continuing. The following disclaimer applies to the attached supplem ent no. 4 dated M arch 18, 2016 (the " S u p p lem en t") to the exchange offer and consent solicitation m em orandum dated January 5, 2016 as supplem ented by Supplem ent no. 1 dated February 4, 2016, Supplem ent no. 2 dated February 24, 2016 and Supplem ent no. 3 dated M arch 11, 2016 (the "exchange o ffer an d consent solicitation m em o ran d u m ") and you are therefore required to read this disclaim er carefully before accessing, reading or m aking any other use o f the Supplement. By accessing the Supplement, you agree (in addition to giving the representations below) to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any m odifications to them from time to time, each tim e you receive any inform ation from Lucid Issuer Services Lim ited (the " E xchange an d T abu latio n A gent") and/or Norske Skogindustrier ASA (the "P a re n t") as a result o f such access. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this disclaim er shall have the meaning given to them in the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
C onfirm ation of y o u r representation: In order to be eligible to view the Supplement or make an investment decision w ith respect to the new Euro-denom inated notes due 2026 (the "E xchange Notes due 2026") and the new Euro-denom inated Perpetual Notes (the "P erp etu al N otes" and, together w ith the Exchange Notes due 2026, the "Exchange N otes") to be issued by the Parent and the Ordinary Shares o f the Parent, you must be able to participate lawfully in the invitation by the Parent to Holders o f the 218,106,000 7.00% Senior Notes due 2017 (the " 2017 N otes"), issued by the Parent, to offer to exchange their 2017 Notes for a com bination o f an am ount o f the applicable Exchange Notes (and the right to subscribe for cash for Ordinary Shares of the Parent) in an amount calculated using the relevant Exchange Ratio (the "E xchange O ffer") as specified in and on the term s and subject to the conditions set forth in the Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, including the offer and distribution restrictions set forth o n pages 10-13 (the "O ffe r a n d D istrib u tio n R e stric tio n s"). The subm ission o f 2017 Notes for exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offer shall automatically constitute the giving o f consent to the proposals in the Consent Solicitations by the Holders o f such 2017 Notes. The Supplement was sent at your request and by accessing the Supplement you shall be deem ed to have represented to the Parent and the Exchange and Tabulation Agent that:
(i)
you are a H older or a Beneficial Owner o f 2017 Notes;
