· the commitments o f GSO and Cyrus to provide the N orw egian Receivables Facility are terminated.
The exchange offer and consent solicitation m em orandum is amended by replacing the existing last three paragraphs of the section by the following paragraphs:
U nder the Support Agreement, GSO and Cyrus com m itted to tender their holdings o f the 2017 Notes in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, w hich holdings (together w ith the 2017 Notes that have been acquired from the Parent) represent 68.2%, respectively, o f the outstanding 2017 Notes. GSO and Cyrus subsequently acquired the P aren t's treasury holdings and have tendered th eir 2017 N otes in the E xchange O ffers. A s o f M arch 17, 2016, the Parent had received tenders o f more than 75% o f the 2017 Notes, and had received consents in respect o f the Proposals o f over 75% (which is the threshold required to pass the Proposals and thus bind all o f the outstanding 2017 Notes to the terms of the Proposals).
O n February 2, 2016, the New Y ork State Supreme Court issued a temporary restraining order preventing the closing o f the Exchange Offers. The temporary restraining order had been requested by Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as trustee under the indenture (the "I n d e n tu r e ") fo r the Senior Secured N otes (the "P la in tif f '). A fter the defendants in this action rem oved the case to federal court, on M arch 8, 2016, the U nited States D istrict Court for the Southern D istrict Court o f New Y ork issued an O rder No. 16-cv-850 (RJS)(the "O rd e r") denying the m otion o f the Plaintiff for a preliminary injunction to prevent the closing of the Exchange Offers, on the basis that the Plaintiff had not dem onstrated that it would suffer irreparable harm in the absence o f the requested injunction. The Order also lifted the tem porary restraining order in respect o f the Exchange Offers that had been im posed by the N ew Y ork State Supreme Court on February 2, 2016.
In its O rder denying the injunction, the Court found prelim inarily, on the lim ited record before it, that the Plaintiff had show n a sufficient likelihood that it w ould be successful in proving, after a full trial on the merits o f its claim, that the proposed Exchange Offer, if consummated, would violate a term o f the Indenture. The Parent strenuously disagrees with this interpretation o f the Indenture, and the Parent will vigorously contest this view if and w hen appropriate. A m ong other things, the Parent notes that the Court was presented only w ith the question as to w hether the Plaintiff had show n a likelihood o f success or serious questions going to the merits o f its proffered interpretations o f the Indenture to make them fair ground for litigation, all based upon the highly expedited and limited prelim inary injunction record before the court. A s such, the P arent notes th at the C o u rt's prelim inary observations did not constitute a final determ ination by the Court on the matter, w hich would be the subject o f a future trial on the
3
merits.
Nevertheless, due to the present uncertainty w ith respect to the court case and the com pelling need o f the Com pany to undertake a transaction to resolve uncertainties regarding its liquidity and upcom ing m aturities as expeditiously as possible and before any trials on the merits, the Parent has decided to am end the terms o f the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. As described above, the Parent entered into the Am ended Support Agreem ent w ith G SO and Cyrus, w hich w as approved by the P a re n t's B oard o f D irectors. O n M arch 18, 2016, the P arent term inated the Exchange Offer in respect o f the 2016 Notes, amended the Exchange Notes Consideration in respect of the 2017 Notes and waived the m inim um tender condition in respect o f the 2017 Notes. Based on the level o f tenders and consents received to date, the Parent presently does not intend to extend the E xpiration D eadline o f A pril 6, 2016 and, follow ing the E xpiration D eadline, the P aren t's B oard o f D irectors w ill determ ine w hether o r not to accept the tenders and consents in the 2017 Notes Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitations and to complete the 2017 Notes Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitations.
The term ination o f the 2016 Notes Exchange O ffer (and the failure to extend the maturity o f the 2016 Notes on June 15, 2016 until 2019 (and later dates)), together w ith the other liquidity needs o f the Group, including w orking capital, capital expenditures and servicing o f interest on indebtedness, present the Group with significant liquidity challenges in 2016. As described under the caption "R ecen t Developments'", the P arent has entered into the Financing Agreement w ith GSO and Cyrus in order to provide certain financing sources. However, the availability of the liquidity measures contem plated by the Financing A greem ent is subject to certain conditions precedent. In addition, there can be no assurance that the liquidity m easures under the Financing Agreem ent will be sufficient to ensure the continued viability o f the Parent, particularly if there are adverse developm ents in industry conditions o r in the G ro u p 's business.
