The Financing Agreement provides that the commitments of GSO and Cyrus under the Financing Agreement are several and not joint and are subject to certain conditions, including (as applicable), satisfactory definitive docum entation and com pletion of satisfactory commercial and legal due diligence.
The exchange offer and consent solicitation m em orandum is amended by replacing the "Trading U pdate' section w ith the following paragraph:
O n February 5, 2016, the P arent released the G ro u p 's unaudited quarterly report fo r the q u arter ended Decem ber 31, 2015, w hich is incorporated by reference herein and is available at http://w w w .norskeskog.com /Investors/R eports.aspx. O n M arch 18, 2016, the P arent released the G roup's revised financial statements for the quarter ended D ecember 31, 2015 reflecting the impairment discussion betw een the Parent and their independent auditors. The G roup's revised financial statem ents fo r the quarter ended D ecem ber 31, 2015 are incorporated by reference herein and are available at http://www.norskeskog.com/People-and-press/Press-room/Newsarchive/English-archive.aspx.
O n M arch 18, 2015, the Parent released the follow ing trading update and outlook for the six months ending June 30, 2016:
"No consolidated financial statements have been prepared for any period in 2016. The inform ation in this trading update and outlook in respect of 1H16 is based on preliminary internal m anagement accounts and includes estimates and
5
assum ptions, and is subject to change as the gro u p 's consolidated financial statem ents are finalized, as further described herein. Undue reliance should not be placed on the inform ation in this statement.
P&L
The prices for publication paper in Europe have im proved year-to-date from the level experienced in 2H15. Seasonally lower sales volumes in the first half o f the year compared to the second half are expected to offset the positive price effect to a certain degree. Prices in Australasia have remained relatively stable year-to-date from 2H15, reflecting a higher export share offsetting im proved Asian newsprint prices. Sales volum es in Australasia are also expected to be seasonally low er in the first half com pared to the second half. A one-off cost benefit in Australasia in the fourth quarter of last year supported GOE in 2H15.
