P&L
Year-to-date, N OK has on average been stronger to GBP and w eaker to EU R and USD com pared to 2H15. AUD has on average been stronger to N OK and som ewhat w eaker to USD. Underlying fixed costs continue to trend down and variable costs are positively im pacted by low er energy costs. O ther activities, a cost centre supporting the business units, were positively impacted by year-end effects in 2H15.
Cashflow
Cash flow from operations are expected to be positive before interest payments in 1H16, despite a seasonal build of working capital. Capital expenditures in 1H16 are expected to be at sim ilar levels to the reported figure for 2H15. The G roup's cash and cash equivalent balances at the end o f February 2016 w as in the range o f N O K 500 million.
Balance sheet
A successful com pletion o f the proposed equity and liquidity initiatives and the exchange offer to 2017 note holders would significantly improve cash balances and equity level for the group. The contem plated transactions, if completed, would also directly enhance liquidity through reduced cash interest payments. To allow for daily volatility in working capital, the group needs a liquidity buffer o f around NOK 200 million beyond restricted cash o f approximately NOK 250 million.
Reported debt will, if the current NO K appreciation to EU R and USD from year-end were to rem ain unchanged, decrease somewhat. This positive translation effect would mitigate the negative equity effect from interest and depreciation charges through the P&L. The com pletion o f the proposed exchange offer to 2017 note holders would significantly reduce reported debt.
Outlook
The market balance for newsprint and magazine paper in Europe is continuing to im prove with recent announcements o f capacity closures adding to the benefits experienced from closures last year. This gives m om entum to the positive pricing environment. Gross operating earnings (GOE) for the first six months o f 2016 is expected to be above NOK 500 million. Reflecting closures and planned conversion projects out o f publication paper in the industry, European operating rates for newsprint and LW C are expected to rem ain above 90% in both 2016 and 2017, after taking into account an expected secular decline in demand.
