A m endm ent to R isk F actors
Our independent auditors may include an explanatory paragraph in respect o f their disagreement with us as to the impairment of ourfixed assets in their report on our Consolidated Financial Statements as o f andfor the year ended December 31, 2015.
As described elsewhere in this exchange offer and consent solicitation mem orandum , there is a significant disagreem ent betw een us and our independent auditors regarding im pairm ent o f our fixed assets. The consequence on the content o f their report on our Consolidated Financial Statem ents as o f and for the year ended D ecem ber 31, 2015 is currently unknown, but our independent auditors may include an explanatory paragraph in their report on our Consolidated Financial Statements as o f and for the year ended December 31, 2015 regarding their disagreement w ith us as to the im pairm ent o f our fixed assets. The inclusion o f a explanatory paragraph may negatively im pact the trading price of our ordinary shares, have an adverse im pact on our relationship with third parties w ith whom we do business, including our customers, vendors and employees, and could make it challenging and difficult fo r us to raise additional debt or equity financing to the extent needed, all o f w hich could have a material adverse impact on our business, results o f operations, financial condition and prospects. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding on commercially reasonable term s or at all.
The effects o f the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations on the 2017 Notes could materially and adversely affect the 2017 Notes not validly tendered and acceptedpursuant to the Exchange Offers.
Subject to the explanation below on their expected treatment, any 2017 Notes not validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange O ffer will rem ain outstanding. There is no m inim um acceptance condition fo r the 2017 Notes Exchange Offer. If the required threshold for the Consent Solicitation in respect o f the 2017 Notes is attained, the Proposals in respect of the 2017 Notes will become operative, and Holders of the 2017 Notes that are not tendered and accepted pursuant to the Exchange Offers will be subject to the terms of the 2017 Notes as modified notwithstanding the fact that they did not tender their 2017 Notes or otherwise deliver consents.
If the Proposals in respect o f the 2017 Notes becom e operative, the terms o f the 2017 Notes will be am ended to add an optional redem ption and mandatory exchange option to provide that the 2017 Notes may be redeemed at any time at the option of the Parent in return for the Exchange O ffer Consideration offered pursuant to the Exchange Offer. The changes to the term s of the 2017 Notes could have a significant adverse impact on the trading price of 2017 Notes.
The Parent intends to exercise the optional redem ption and mandatory exchange option in respect of all 2017 Notes not tendered in the Exchange O ffer on the Settlement Date. From and after the time that the Parent exercises the optional redem ption and mandatory exchange option in respect o f the 2017 Notes, (a) such 2017 Notes shall be deemed to be discharged, (b) such 2017 Notes will not be transferable and (c) Holders o f such 2017 Notes will have no further rights in respect of those 2017 Notes other than receipt of the Exchange O ffer Consideration.
Holders o f 2017 Notes who hold less than the applicable Minimum Offer Amount will not be able to exchange their 2017 Notes.
A Holder who submits an Exchange Instruction for an amount o f 2017 Notes that does not meet the applicable M inim um O ffer Amount will have its Exchange Instruction rejected. Holders who hold 2017 Notes that have an aggregate nom inal am ount less than the M inim um O ffer Am ount m ust first acquire such further 2017 N otes as is necessary for that Holder to be able to offer for exchange the M inim um O ffer Amount.
