This supplement no. 5 dated April 11, 2016 (the "Supplement") relates to the Exchange Offer and the Consent Solicitations of the Parent described in the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. This Supplement supplements the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum and supersedes the information contained therein to the extent inconsistent with the information in this Supplement. This Supplement should be read together with the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. Defined terms used in this Supplement that are not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
The exchange offer and consent solicitation m em orandum is am ended to reflect the appointm ent o f Elavon Financial Services Lim ited as Fiscal Agent, Registrar and Transfer A gent and Paying Agent w ith respect to the Exchange Notes due 2026 and the Perpetual Notes.
Additional conforming changes are made to the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum to reflect the changes described herein.
Investing in the Exchange Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 30 of the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
This Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Exchange Offer or the Consent Solicitations. If any Holder is in any doubt as to the contents of this Supplement, the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum or the action it should take, it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice, including in respect of any tax consequences, immediately from its stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose 2017 Notes are held on its behalf by a broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company or other nominee must contact such entity if it wishes to offer 2017 Notes for exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offer or otherwise participate in the Consent Solicitations. None of Lucid Issuer Services Limited (the "Exchange and Tabulation Agent"), the Existing Notes Trustees or the Parent (or any of their respective directors, employees or affiliates) makes any recommendation as to whether Holders should offer 2017 Notes for exchange or otherwise participate in the Consent Solicitations.
This Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum do not constitute an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer in any jurisdiction in which, or to or fro m any person to or fro m whom, it is unlawful to make such invitation under applicable securities laws. The Exchange Offer is subject to offer and distribution restrictions in, am ong others, the U nited States o f A m erica, the U nited K ingdom , the G rand D u ch y o f Luxembourg, Norway, France, Australia, Switzerland and the European Econom ic Area. The distribution o f this Supplem ent and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum in those jurisdictions is restricted by the laws o f such jurisdictions. No action has been or w ill be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the Exchange Offer that w o u ld p e rm it a p u b lic offering o f securities. See "O ffer a n d D istribution R e stric tio n s".
This Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum do not comprise a prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Directive (as defined herein) and have not been approved, filed with or reviewed by any commission or regulatory authority, whether domestic or foreign (including the U.S.), nor has any such entity issued any report regarding the accuracy or adequacy of this Supplement and the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
OFFER AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, in this "Offering and Distribution Restrictions" section o f this Supplement, references to this "exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum" mean the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum as amended by this Supplement.
