or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance w ith Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 o f the Australian Corporations Act, (ii) the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" as defined under and for the purposes of Section 761G o f the Australian Corporations Act, (iii) such action complies w ith all applicable laws, regulations and directives and (iv) such action does not require any document to be lodged w ith ASIC.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN SWITZERLAND
This exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum does not constitute a public offering prospectus as that term is understood pursuant to Article 652a o f the Swiss Code of Obligations. W e have not applied for a listing of the Exchange Notes or the Ordinary Shares on the SW X Swiss Exchange and consequently the inform ation presented in this exchange offer and consent solicitation m em orandum does not necessarily comply w ith the inform ation standards set out in the relevant listing rules. The Exchange Notes and the Ordinary Shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland. The Exchange Notes and the Ordinary Shares may be offered only to a selected num ber o f individual investors in Switzerland, under circumstances w hich will not result in the Exchange Notes or the Ordinary Shares being a public offering w ithin the m eaning o f Article 652a o f the Swiss Code o f Obligations. Each copy o f this exchange offer and consent solicitation m em orandum is addressed to a specifically nam ed recipient and shall not be passed to a third party.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
This exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum has been prepared on the basis that all offers of Exchange Notes and the Ordinary Shares will be made pursuant to an exem ption under the Prospectus Directive, as
am ended, as im plem ented in m em ber states o f the E uropean E conom ic A rea (the "EEA"), from the requirem ent to
produce a prospectus for offers o f the Exchange Notes and the Ordinary Shares. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make any offer w ithin the EEA o f the Exchange Notes or the Ordinary Shares w hich are subject o f the Exchange O ffer must only do so in circumstances in w hich no obligation arises for the Parent to produce a prospectus for such offer. The Parent has not authorized, nor does the Parent authorize, the making o f any offer o f the Exchange
N otes or the O rdinary Shares through any financial interm ediary. The expression "Prospectus Directive" m eans
Directive 2003/71/EC o f the European Parliam ent and o f the Council o f N ovem ber 4, 2003 on the prospectus to be published w hen securities are offered to the public or adm itted to trading and am ending Directive 2001/34/EC and the amendments thereto (including the 2010 PD Am ending Directive, in the case o f Early Implem enting M em ber States (as defined below)), and includes any relevant im plem enting m easure in the Relevant M em ber State (as defined below).
