documentation giving effect to such Extraordinary
Expected Settlement Date
Expected settlement date for the Exchange Offers.
On or about February 9, 2016.
The above times and dates are subject to the right o f the Parent to extend, re-open, amend, terminate and/or withdraw any one or all o f the Exchange Offers and/or any one or all o f the Consent Solicitations (subject to applicable law and as provided in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum). Holders are advised to check with any bank, securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Relevant 2016/2017 Notes when such intermediary needs to receive instructions from a Holder in order for that Holder to be able to participate in, or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) revoke their instruction to participate in, any o f the Exchange Offers and/or the Consent Solicitations before the deadlines set forth above. The deadlines set by the Clearing Systems (as defined herein) for the submission of Exchange Instructions and/or Electronic Voting Instructions will also be earlier than the deadlines above. See "Procedures for Participating in the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations ".
As soon as practicable following an Extraordinary Resolution passed by at least 75% of the votes cast at a duly convened and quorate meeting of the Holders of the 2017 Notes (the "Requisite Consents"), the Parent intends to execute a supplemental agency agreement (a "Supplemental Agency Agreement" with respect to the Meetings Notes with the fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent" providing for the 2017 Notes Proposal as described in "The Proposals". Pursuant to the terms of the Supplemental Agency Agreement, the Proposal will be effective upon execution and the provisions to be eliminated or modified by the respective Proposal will remain unchanged (other than the Maturity Extension which will occur on the Settlement Date) until the 2017 Notes that were validly tendered are accepted for exchange pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, whereupon the Proposal will
25
automatically become operative in accordance with the Supplemental Agency Agreement. See "Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations--Conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations."
Unless stated otherwise, announcements in relation to the Exchange Offers may be found on the relevant Reuters International Insider Screen and the websites of the Irish Stock Exchange and Luxembourg Stock Exchange and be made by (i) the issue of a press release to a Notifying News Service and (ii) the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants. The Notices (as defined herein) convening the Meetings (as defined herein) (and, if applicable, any Notice(s) convening an adjournment of any one or more Meeting) in respect of the Consent Solicitations will be published in accordance with the 2017 Notes Agency Agreement and disclosed through the Clearing Systems. Copies of all such announcements, press releases and Notices can also be obtained from the Exchange and Tabulation Agent, the contact details for which are on the last page of this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. Significant delays may be experienced where Notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Holders are urged to contact the Exchange and Tabulation Agent for the relevant announcements during the course of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.
