unaudited.
Capital expenditures represents amounts spent on the maintenance of our mills, together with expenditure related to capital improvement
projects at our mills such as those to improve quality of production and increase operating efficiency.
(4)
EBITDA, for any relevant period, represents net profit/(loss) for the period before income taxes, financial items, share of (profit)/loss of
associates impairments, other gains and losses, restructuring expenses and depreciation. EBITDA is not a recognized term under IFRS and is
28
not intended to be an alternative to net (loss)/profit or profit before tax as a measure of operating performance or to net cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. Additionally, EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow available for our discretionary use, as it does not take into account certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments and debt service requirements. We present EBITDA along with our IFRS results to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than IFRS results alone. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. You should not consider EBITDA in isolation or as a substitute for profit for the year or operating earnings as determined by IFRS, or as a substitute for an analysis of our Consolidated Financial Statements. As described in the sections entitled "P re se n ta tio n o f F in a n c ia l a n d O th er In fo rm a tio n ", "S u m m a ry " and this "S u m m a ry C o n so lid a ted F in a n c ia l a n d O th er D a ta " of this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, we use the term "EBITDA" in lieu of the term gross operating earnings due to the familiarity of the term EBITDA to prospective investors in the Notes. In this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, EBITDA is defined on the same basis as gross operating earnings.
The following data sets forth a reconciliation of EBITDA to net (loss)/profit on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated:
