Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry
We have had a history of losses. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we generated losses of NOK 1,504 million, NOK 1,844 million and NOK 2,781 million, respectively. In addition, in recent periods, our operating cash flows and available capital resources have not been sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements. For the year ended December 31, 2014 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our net cash flow from operating activities was NOK 200 million and NOK (867) million, respectively. A failure to become profitable or to generate sufficient operating cash flow to meet our liquidity needs could adversely affect our ability to sustain operations, obtain additional funding, meet our debt service obligations, including with respect to the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes and Exchange Notes, or continue as a going concern.
During recent years, we experienced weaker demand for our products due to depressed economic conditions, decreased circulation levels of newspapers and magazines and other trends in end-user preferences, which adversely impacted our results of operations and liquidity. Our future liquidity could be negatively impacted by many factors including, but not limited to, continued overcapacity in the paper industry, decreased prices for our finished products, reduced demand for publication paper, increased prices for raw materials, exchange rate fluctuations or other factors. If our future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to reduce or delay our business activities and capital expenditures, sell assets, obtain additional financing, restructure or refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, including the Notes, or forego opportunities such as acquisitions of other businesses.
The availability, timing and terms of any alternative sources of liquidity will likely depend upon our financial condition and prevailing conditions in the financial markets. We cannot assure you that any future financing will be available to us at any given time or as to the reasonableness of the terms on which any future financing may be available. We cannot assure you that our current expectations of cash flow from operations (which will depend on numerous future factors and conditions, many of which are beyond our control) will be accurate. Such cash flow projections are merely estimates of future events and actual events will probably vary from current estimates, possibly materially.
The publication paper industry has undergone significantfundamental changes in the last decade. This has resulted in periods of substantial overcapacity and intense competition among paper manufacturers, principally associated with declining demand in certain marketsfor publication paper, especially newsprint, which is likely to continue.
Demand for our products is influenced by global economic trends, demographic trends, circulation levels of newspapers and magazines, technological developments, trends in end-user preferences and inventory levels maintained by our customers.
The rise of the internet and other electronic media, including as a replacement for print-based advertising, has fundamentally changed the market environment for our products and has resulted in a decline in demand in certain markets for publication paper. The decrease in demand for publication paper is structural, rather than cyclical, and we expect this trend to continue in the future. In particular, levels of demand for newsprint in certain historically significant markets, such as Europe, Australasia and the United States, have declined and are likely to continue to decline. Newspaper and magazine publishers have developed electronic platforms and channels as supplements to their printed versions and significant advertising volumes have moved from printed to electronic media. These trends have had, and are likely to continue to have in the years to come, an adverse effect on the circulation levels of traditional print media and consequently on consumption of publication paper.
30
In the 1990s, we and many of our competitors made significant investments in Europe to increase production capacity. In the last decade, large amounts of new capacity have been built in Asia, especially in China, to cover the expected demand growth in that region. This has reduced the need for imports from North America and Europe. In the same period, the demand for newsprint has declined significantly in North America, and to some extent in Europe, due to the reasons mentioned above, which has led to excess capacity in both these regions.
