Supply of publication paper is principally affected by production and capacity levels. In recent years, there has been significant excess capacity in the market, which resulted from fundamental changes that have taken place in our industry. In response to this, in common with other industry participants, we have reduced industry capacity through the idling and closure of paper machines and mills. However, to avoid the idling or closing of mills, some producers may choose to continue to operate at a loss for a period of time, which could prolong weak pricing environments due to over-supply in the industry as a whole. Therefore, despite capacity reductions, there is a risk that supply will continue to exceed demand, which may cause prices to fall and change the pattern of imports and exports between regions. Excess capacity can exacerbate price decreases in periods of declining demand and can delay price increases that would otherwise result from any future increase in demand.
Like other paper companies, we have limited influence over the timing and extent of price changes for our products, which are influenced by many factors outside our control and can often be volatile. In addition, despite our cost control initiatives, fixed costs continue to comprise a significant proportion of our cost structure. Therefore, we have only very limited scope to further reduce our fixed costs in response to downward pressure on selling prices for our products. Any further significant downturn in the price levels for our products would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Prices for our raw materials are volatile and there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain our raw materials, in particular energy, wood and recoveredpaper, at prices that will enable us to sell our products profitably, or at all.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the main raw materials used by us in the production of our products are energy, wood and recovered paper, which represent 21%, 13% and 9% of our total operating expenses, respectively. Since 2011, our results of operations have been negatively affected by an increase in the costs (on the basis of costs per ton of publication paper) for each of these inputs.
33
Our global manufacturing operations utilize electricity, geothermal energy, natural gas and the burning of waste wood for which we generally rely on third- party suppliers. As a result, we are susceptible to price volatility, in particular in energy and recovered paper prices. In addition, we may from time to time be subject to unpredictable supplies of our raw materials, and no assurance can be given that we would be able to source alternative supplies of raw materials in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all. Our contracts with energy suppliers can vary as to price, quantity and duration. Our energy costs are also affected by various market factors, including supply and demand balance, fuel prices and local and national regulatory decisions.
While we have long-term contracts in place for a portion of our wood needs, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient supplies of wood, recovered paper or other raw materials for all of our production needs, or that prices will remain at levels that will enable us to sell our finished products profitably, or at all.
Unlike many of our competitors, we are not vertically integrated. Our competitors that have greater degrees of vertical integration may have more secure access to, and better control of the cost of, raw materials. Producers with a greater degree of vertical integration may therefore have a competitive advantage over us. This is particularly significant in our magazine segment, as the manufacturing process is primarily based on the use of wood fiber and chemical pulp, each of which is particularly susceptible to significant price volatility.
The price for our products is determined primarily based on demand and we may therefore be unable, in the short term or at all, to pass on to our customers any increases in the cost of our raw materials. Any sustained increase in the cost of energy, wood or recovered paper prices would reduce our gross profit margins, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
