Unlike many of our competitors, we are not vertically integrated. Our competitors that have greater degrees of vertical integration may have more secure access to, and better control of the cost of, raw materials. Producers with a greater degree of vertical integration may therefore have a competitive advantage over us. This is particularly significant in our magazine segment, as the manufacturing process is primarily based on the use of wood fiber and chemical pulp, each of which is particularly susceptible to significant price volatility.
Industry consolidation in Europe constitutes a key element of our business strategy. Failure to consummate consolidation transactions or to implement any o f our business strategies successfully or unexpected developments in thepublication paper industry could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We may be unable to implement our strategies or achieve the anticipated results of such strategies. Our strategies are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In particular, we believe industry consolidation in Europe is necessary in order to better align capacity with demand and we are actively seeking to achieve this through acquisitions, alliances and/or strategic partnerships with other industry participants. The success of this strategy depends on numerous factors, such as the participation of our competitors in such industry consolidation, our financial resources and those of our competitors, our ability to obtain adequate financing on acceptable terms, our ability to successfully evaluate and consummate any such consolidation transactions, the impact on our financial condition of any additional debt incurred in connection with any such consolidation transactions and the realization of the expected benefits of any such consolidation transactions when expected or to the extent anticipated. In addition, our strategy has been developed based on our predictions and assumptions as to future developments in the publication paper industry, which judgments are based on the experience of our management team. If we are unable to implement our key business strategies, or if the publication paper industry develops in a manner that we have not anticipated, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may not recognize the expected benefits ofplanned or completed investments or operational changes.
As part of our ongoing operations, we regularly invest in new operations or adopt new operating policies intended to reduce costs or increase operating margins; however, there can be no assurance that such investments or operations will generate such intended benefits. For example, in 2012 we completed the construction of a geothermal power plant at our Tasman mill in New Zealand with the intention of reducing the cost of electricity for the site's operations and selling excess energy in local markets. As a result of declines in the cost of energy in New Zealand in 2012 and 2013, the spot price of electricity fell below those expected when the investment in the geothermal plant was approved and subsequent sales of excess energy from the geothermal plant's operations have been below initially budgeted expectations. Similarly, in the first quarter of 2014, we completed the conversion of one of our Boyer mill's two newsprint machines to magazine paper production. During the first half of 2014, the converted magazine paper machine did not reach the intended productivity levels expected under the project's anticipated timeline. Any future investments in capital expenditures, entry into joint ventures and/or adoption of new operating procedures may not generate the intended benefits and the failure to realize such benefits may have a material negative effect on the results of our operations.
Our business and results of operations are affected by many general economicfactors.
Our business and results of operations are affected by many general economic factors, including the level of economic activity in the markets in which we operate. We are particularly vulnerable to economic conditions in Europe as our European segment operations represented 70% of our operating revenue for the nine months ended September 30,
34
2015. If economic conditions in the markets in which we operate worsen, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected in 2016 and beyond.
