We are exposed to the impact of exchange rates in several ways which are significant to our financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to transaction risks as a result of differences in the currency mix of our operating revenue, on the one hand, and our operating costs, on the other hand. For example, the majority of the operating revenue from the sales of publication paper from our Norwegian operations is denominated in Euros and UK pounds sterling, while a significant portion of the operating costs for such operations are denominated in Norwegian kroner. These imbalances have negatively impacted the results of such operations and some of our other operations in recent periods as a result of the relative strength of the Norwegian kroner. We hedge some of this risk by contracting for certain expenses in Euros instead of local currencies, in particular for energy costs; however, we have terminated our currency hedging arrangements and there can be no assurance that our existing contractual arrangements will fully protect us from transactional exchange rate risk or that we will be able to enter into future hedging arrangements on commercially reasonable terms.
Additionally, currency fluctuations influence publication paper prices and trade flows and can also affect the relative competitive position of a paper mill, and there is a risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our competitiveness relative to our competitors in different countries. There can be no assurance that exchange rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
A downgrade in our debt ratings could result in increased interest and other financial expenses related to future borrowings, and couldfurther restrict our access to additional capital or trade credit.
Standard and Poor's Ratings Services and Moody's Investors Service maintain credit ratings for us. Each of these ratings is currently below investment grade. Any decision by these or other ratings agencies to downgrade such ratings in the future could result in increased interest and other financial expenses relating to our future borrowings, and could restrict our ability to obtain financing on satisfactory terms. In addition, any further downgrade could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, trade credit extended by our suppliers of raw materials.
Our Australasian business is dependent on a limited number o f customers, the loss o f any one o f which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
In Australasia, which contributed 30% of our operating revenue and 52% of our gross operating earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we derive most of our revenues from only a few customers. While we currently have long-term contracts in place with these customers, contracts will fall due for renewal in 2020. If we or the customers do not perform our respective obligations under such contracts, or if we lose any one of these customers without finding alternative sources of demand, our business reputation in the region would be significantly degraded. In such a situation, we may find it difficult to attract new customers or retain those customers with which we currently have relationships. Additionally, both our customers and our suppliers of raw materials may demand more restrictive terms or shorter contract durations in their contracts with our Australasian businesses. Any of these results, singularly or in aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
37
The value of our energy contracts, and consequently our results of operations, mayfluctuate significantly.
We have entered into long-term energy supply contracts in most countries. In the event that the amount of energy we require for our operations in those geographies is less than that contracted for (for example, due to capacity reductions), we may resell the excess energy on the market and we may, from time to time, amend or sell our rights and obligations under such energy contracts. Under IFRS, the entire value of energy contracts that provide for excess supply must be valued at fair value. Contracts for energy that are for our own use do not have to be valued at fair value, but if they include embedded derivatives, the imbedded derivatives must be valued at fair value. Fair value is calculated as the present value of cash flows over the life of the contract. Changes in fair value are recorded as income or expense, as applicable, in our income statement. Since the fair value is based on market expectations for energy prices and currency exchange rates, interest rates, price indices and the discount rate used, additional volatility is introduced in our results. Due to volatility in the market price of energy and certain other relevant parameters, it is impossible to predict what the impact will be on our results of operations or financial condition from quarter to quarter. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that fluctuations in the value of our energy contracts will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
