The value of our energy contracts, and consequently our results of operations, mayfluctuate significantly.
We depend on thirdpartiesfor certain transportation services.
We rely primarily on third parties for transportation of our products to our customers and transportation of our raw materials to us, in particular by truck and train. If any third-party transportation provider fails to deliver our products in a timely manner, we may be unable to sell them at full value. Similarly, if any transportation provider fails to deliver raw materials to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture our products on a timely basis. Shipments of products and raw materials may be delayed due to weather conditions, strikes or other events. Any failure of a third-party transportation provider to deliver raw materials or products in a timely manner could harm our reputation, negatively impact our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis could be adversely affected by the lack of adequate availability of transportation services, especially rail capacity, whether because of work stoppages or otherwise. Furthermore, increases in the cost of our transportation services, including as a result of rising fuel costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Risingpostal costs could weaken demandfor ourpaper products.
A significant portion of paper is used in magazines, catalogs and other promotional mailings. Many of these materials are distributed through the mail. Future increases in the cost of postage could reduce the frequency of mailings, reduce the number of pages in magazine and advertising materials and/or cause catalogue and magazine publishers to use alternate methods to distribute their materials. Any of the foregoing could decrease the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain appropriately skilled employees.
Our future success depends on our ability to continue to attract and retain appropriately skilled employees for the operation and development of our business. This challenge is particularly acute as we are operating in a mature and declining industry. Any failure to retain and attract key members of our senior management team or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Labor disputes may cause work stoppages, strikes and disruptions.
We continually evaluate the cost efficiency of our mills, and we may make selective closures of our less efficient mills as part of a reduction in our aggregate capacity serving regions where we anticipate limited future growth. We have in the past implemented, and may again in the future implement, changes and restructuring measures, including mill and machine shutdowns, divestitures (such as Norske Skog Korea and Norske Skog Steti in the Czech Republic) and workforce reductions in order to decrease production costs, improve efficiency at our production facilities, exploit synergies and cope with the demands of a changing market. Substantially all of our employees involved in production are members of labor unions, and these measures or other reasons could result in labor disputes, strikes or disruptions which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
