Labor disputes may cause work stoppages, strikes and disruptions.
Post-retirementplan obligations may affect ourfinancial condition.
We maintain defined benefit pension plans and other post-retirement benefit plans for certain retired employees. As of December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, our net pension obligations (net unfunded pension plans less net partly or fully funded pension plans) were NOK 820 million, NOK 692 million and NOK 618 million, respectively. Funding requirements for these plans are dependent on various factors, including interest rates, asset returns, regulatory requirements for funding purposes and changes to plan benefits. In 2015, we were required to contribute approximately
38
NOK 40 million towards the underfunded liability of the defined benefit pension plans. In June of 2015, approximately NOK 500 million of our net pension obligations were taken over by the administrator following our exclusion of the Walsum Mill. Although we expect to continue to make contributions to fund post-retirement plan obligations and to meet legal funding obligations for the defined benefit pension plan, no assurance can be made that the underfunded liability under these plans will not be materially adverse to us in the future.
The availability and cost o f insurance cover can vary considerablyfrom year to year as a result o f events beyond our control, and this can result in our paying higher premiums and periodically being unable to maintain the levels or types of insurance carried.
Although the insurance market has been stable for the last several years, it remains cyclical and catastrophic events can change the state of the insurance market, leading to sudden and unexpected increases in premiums and deductibles and unavailability of coverage due to reasons unrelated to our business. We have in the past experienced catastrophic events such as the fire at our Saugbrugs mill in February 2011, and if similar events were to occur in the future, such incidents could, along with other factors, cause our insurance premiums to increase or our insurance policies to be modified. For example, following the fire at our Saugbrugs mill in February 2011, our insurance policy was modified and we are now only covered for business interruptions lasting 11 days or more and up to 18 months. In addition, turmoil and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely affect the insurance market, which could result in some of the insurers in our insurance portfolio being unable to pay their share of claims. We are unable to assure you that actual losses will not exceed our insurance coverage or that such excess will not be material.
We are, and may in thefuture be, a party to legal or regulatory proceedings, investigations and claims which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations andfinancial condition.
We are, and may in the future be, a party to legal or regulatory proceedings, investigations and claims arising out of the conduct of our business. The industry in which we operate has been, and may in the future continue to be, subject to heightened scrutiny in relation to environmental matters and the market in which we operate, which increases the likelihood that we are subject to legal proceedings and investigations. Any claims asserted against us may harm our reputation, regardless of their merit or eventual outcome. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any legal proceedings exceed our insurance coverage, or if the conclusions of any legal proceedings or investigations impose requirements in relation to our business, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
