· consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
I f the Parent's subsidiaries are unable to make distributions and other payments to the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer, the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer may be unable to pay amounts due on the Exchange Notes.
The Unsecured Exchange Notes will be obligations of the Parent only, and not of any of its subsidiaries. Similarly, the QSF Exchange Notes will be non-recourse obligations of the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer and senior obligations of Parent only, and not any of their subsidiaries. Each of the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer is a holding company that does not directly conduct any business operations. The Parent's and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer's only material assets are the capital stock of their respective subsidiaries, many of which are themselves holding companies. Because the Group's operations are conducted substantially by operating subsidiaries, the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer each expects to obtain the funds required to make payments of principal or interest on the Exchange Notes through cash dividends, distributions or other transfers from its subsidiaries. Therefore, the Parent's and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer's ability to make payments of principal or interest on the Exchange Notes will be contingent upon the Parent's subsidiaries generating sufficient cash, or the availability of cash under the Parent's cash pooling facility and from other intracompany funding arrangements, or from other payments. The Parent's subsidiaries may not be able to make distributions to the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer. The terms of certain of our outstanding debt contain a number of significant covenants that restrict the Parent's ability, and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things, pay dividends or make other distributions, make capital expenditures, incur additional debt and grant guarantees. In addition, any payment of interest, dividends, distributions, loans or advances by the Parent's subsidiaries to the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer could be subject to restrictions on dividends or repatriation of earnings under applicable local law, monetary transfer restrictions and foreign currency exchange regulations in the jurisdictions in which the subsidiaries operate.
Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due pursuant to the Exchange Notes or to make any funds available therefor, whether by dividends, loans, distributions or other payments, and do not guarantee the payment of interest on, or principal of, the Exchange Notes. The Exchange Notes are not guaranteed by any of the Parent's and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer's subsidiaries. Any right that the Parent or the QSF Exchange Note Issuer has to receive any assets of any of its operating subsidiaries upon the liquidation or reorganization of those subsidiaries, and the consequent right of Holders of Exchange Notes to realize proceeds from the sale of their assets, may be effectively subordinated to the claims of such subsidiaries' creditors, including trade creditors and holders of debt issued by such subsidiaries.
Claims of our secured creditors will have priority with respect to their security over the claims o f unsecured creditors, to the extent of the value o f the assets securing such indebtedness.
Claims of the Parent's secured creditors will have priority with respect to the assets securing their indebtedness over the claims of the Parent's unsecured creditors. None of the Parent's assets that secure the Senior Secured Notes will secure the Exchange Notes. Accordingly, the Exchange Notes (including the Parent's guarantee of the QSF Exchange Notes) will be effectively subordinated to the Parent's obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and any other secured indebtedness or obligations of the Parent to the extent of the value of such assets. In the event of any foreclosure, dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganization, administration or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding of the Parent, Holders of such secured indebtedness or obligations of the Parent will have prior claims to the assets of the Parent that constitute their collateral. The Holders of the Exchange Notes (other than the Perpetual Notes) will participate ratably with all Holders of the unsecured indebtedness of the Parent (other than indebtedness to which the Exchange Notes have been expressly subordinated), and, potentially with all of their other general creditors, based upon the
40
respective amounts owed to each holder or creditor, in the remaining assets of the Parent (if any). In the event that any of the secured indebtedness of the relevant Guarantor becomes due or the creditors thereunder proceed against the operating assets that secured such indebtedness, the assets remaining after repayment of that secured indebtedness may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing in respect of the Parent. As a result, Holders of Exchange Notes may receive less, ratably, than holders of secured indebtedness of the Parent and may not receive payment in respect of the Exchange Notes.
The QSF Exchange Notes are non-recourse obligations of the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer and none of the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer's assets that secure the Senior Secured Notes will secure the QSF Exchange Notes. The QSF Exchange Notes Issuer is the issuer of the Senior Secured Notes and a Guarantor of the Senior Subordinated Notes.
