respective amounts owed to each holder or creditor, in the remaining assets of the Parent (if any). In the event that any of the secured indebtedness of the relevant Guarantor becomes due or the creditors thereunder proceed against the operating assets that secured such indebtedness, the assets remaining after repayment of that secured indebtedness may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing in respect of the Parent. As a result, Holders of Exchange Notes may receive less, ratably, than holders of secured indebtedness of the Parent and may not receive payment in respect of the Exchange Notes.
As of September 30, 2015, after giving effect to the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations (assuming 100% participation therein) we would have had an aggregate principal amount of NOK 4,409 million of secured financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities) outstanding. We will be permitted to borrow substantial additional indebtedness, including senior debt, in the future, under the terms of our indebtedness.
Enforcement of the Exchange Notes and other indebtedness across multiplejurisdictions may be difficult.
The Unsecured Exchange Notes will be issued by the Parent, which is incorporated under the laws of Norway. The QSF Exchange Notes will be issued by the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer and guaranteed by the Parent, which each are incorporated under the laws of Norway, and the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral will include assets located in Norway and France. The Parent and certain of its subsidiaries (including the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer) are obligors under certain other indebtedness, including the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Subordinated Notes, and these subsidiaries are organized under the laws of multiple jurisdictions. In the event of insolvency or a similar event, proceedings could be initiated in any of these jurisdictions. Multi-jurisdictional proceedings are typically complex and costly for creditors and often result in substantial uncertainty and delay in the enforcement of creditors' rights. In addition, the bankruptcy, insolvency, administration and other laws of the jurisdiction of organization of the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer and such subsidiaries may be materially different from, or in conflict with, one another, including creditors' rights, priority of creditors, the ability to obtain post- petition interest and the duration of the insolvency proceeding. The application of these various laws in multiple jurisdictions could trigger disputes over which jurisdictions' law should apply and could adversely affect the ability to enforce or to realize any recovery under the Exchange Notes. See "Service o fProcess and Enforcement o f Certain Liabilities".
You may not be able to sell your Exchange Notes.
There is no existing market for the Exchange Notes. We do not intend to apply for a listing for the Exchange Notes and no broker-dealer has informed us that they intend to make a market in the Exchange Notes. In addition, changes in the overall market for high yield securities and changes in our financial performance or in the markets where we operate may adversely affect the liquidity of the trading market in these Exchange Notes and the market price quoted for these Exchange Notes. As a result, we cannot assure you that an active trading market will actually develop for these Exchange Notes.
Historically, the markets for non-investment grade debt such as the Exchange Notes have been subject to disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in their prices. The market, if any, for the Exchange Notes may be subject to similar disruptions. Any disruptions may have an adverse effect on the Holders of the Exchange Notes.
The transfer o f Exchange Notes is restricted.
The Exchange Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any jurisdiction and unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable laws. See "Offer and Distribution Restrictions--Notice to U.S. Investors'" and "Transfer Restrictions".
