The transfer o f Exchange Notes is restricted.
The interests of our shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests o fHolders of the Exchange Notes.
The interests of our various shareholders could conflict with the interests of the Holders of the Exchange Notes, particularly if we encounter financial difficulties or are unable to pay our debts when due. As described in "Summary-- The Transactions'", two of our shareholders, GSO and Cyrus, have significant holdings of our existing indebtedness and will be providing the new Norwegian Receivables Facility. Additionally, the terms of each series of Exchange Notes permit the modification of such series, including with respect to fundamental terms, with the consent of a simple majority of the Holders of such series of Exchange Notes and GSO and Cyrus may hold controlling majorities of various series of the Exchange Notes following the completion of the Exchange Offers due to their current holdings of 2016 Notes and 2017 Notes and their commitments under the Transactions. Our shareholders could cause us to pursue acquisitions,
41
divestitures, financings, debt restructurings, dividend distributions or other transactions (subject to the limitations contained in our indebtedness) that, in their judgment, could enhance or preserve their equity investments, although such transactions might involve risks to Holders of the Exchange Notes. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that our shareholders will not sell all or any part of their respective shareholdings at any time or that they will not look to reduce their holding by means of a sale to a strategic investor, an equity offering or otherwise.
Investors mayfaceforeign exchange risks by investing in the Exchange Notes.
The Exchange Notes will be denominated and payable in Euros. If investors measure their investment returns by reference to a currency other than Euros, an investment in the Exchange Notes will entail foreign exchange related risks due to, among other factors, possible significant changes in the value of Euros relative to the currency by reference to which such investors measure the return on their investments. These changes may be due to economic, political and other factors over which we have no control. The depreciation of Euros against the currency by reference to which such investors measure the return on their investments could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Exchange Notes below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss to investors when the return on the Exchange Notes is translated into the currency by reference to which such investors measure the return on their investments.
You may not be able to recover in civilproceedingsfor U.S. securities law violations.
Each of the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer is incorporated outside the United States. All of the directors and executive officers of the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer are non-residents of the United States. You may be unable to effect service of process within the United States on the directors and executive officers of the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer. In addition, as most of the assets of the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer and those of their respective directors and executive officers are located outside of the United States, you may be unable to enforce against them judgments obtained in the U.S. courts predicated upon civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. Furthermore, we have been informed that it is questionable whether a court in Norway would accept jurisdiction and impose civil liability if proceedings were commenced in such court predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws.
