You may not be able to recover in civilproceedingsfor U.S. securities law violations.
Norwegian insolvency laws and the laws o f other jurisdictions may provide you with less protection than U.S. bankruptcy law.
In the event that the Parent or any of its subsidiaries, including the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer and the Norwegian and French subsidiaries that will grant the pledges over the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral, experienced financial difficulty, it is not possible to predict with certainty in which jurisdiction or jurisdictions insolvency or similar proceedings would be commenced, or the outcome of such proceedings. The insolvency and other laws of different jurisdictions may be materially different from, or in conflict with, each other, including in the areas of rights of creditors, the ability to void preferential transfers, preferences, transactions at an undervalue and transactions defrauding creditors, priority of governmental and other creditors, ability to obtain or claim interest following the commencement of insolvency proceedings and the duration of the proceedings. The application of these laws, or any conflict among them, could call into question whether any particular jurisdiction's laws should apply, adversely affect your ability to enforce your rights under the Exchange Notes in these jurisdictions and limit any amounts that you may receive.
Risks Related to the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral
The QSF Exchange Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value o f the assets that have been granted as securityfor the QSF Exchange Notes.
If there is an event of default under the QSF Exchange Notes, the holders of the QSF Exchange Notes will be secured only to the extent of the value of the assets underlying their Security Interest. The QSF Exchange Notes Collateral is comprised of the receivables and inventory related to our Saugbrugs and Skogn mills in Norway, the inventory related to our Golbey mill in France and certain bank accounts. The security interests in respect of Norwegian receivables are junior in ranking to the security interests in respect of the Norwegian Receivables Facility. The QSF Exchange Notes are not secured by, among other things, the assets that secure the Senior Secured Notes or the property and assets of our paper mills in Australia, Austria or New Zealand. The QSF Exchange Notes are non-recourse obligations of the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer, and other than for the guarantee of the QSF Exchange Notes by the Parent and the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral, are non-recourse to the Group. In addition, certain of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral is subject to release in the event of a refinancing of the Norwegian Receivables Facility. As a result, in the event of an enforcement of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral, holders of the QSF Exchange Notes may receive less than the amount of their claims under the QSF Exchange Notes.
42
The value o f the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the QSF Exchange Notes may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the QSF Exchange Notes.
No appraisal of the value of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral has been made in connection with the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, and the fair market value of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral may be subject to fluctuations based on factors that include, among others, general economic conditions, industry conditions, working capital movements and similar factors. The amount to be received upon a sale of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral would be dependent on numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the actual fair market value of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral at such time, the timing and the manner of the sale and the availability of buyers. By its nature, some of the assets that comprise the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. In the event of a foreclosure, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral may not be sold in a timely or orderly manner, and the proceeds from any sale or liquidation of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral may not be sufficient to repay the obligations under the QSF Exchange Notes.
