The value o f the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the QSF Exchange Notes may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the QSF Exchange Notes.
To the extent that other first-priority or second-priority security interests (as applicable), pre-existing liens, liens permitted under the QSF Exchange Notes and other rights encumber any of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the QSF Exchange Notes, the holders of those liens and rights may have or may exercise rights and remedies with respect to the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral that could adversely affect the value of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral and the ability of the Security Agent to realize or foreclose on the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral.
Certain o f the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral will bejunior-ranking in right ofpayment tofirst-ranking security.
The security interests in respect of the Norwegian receivables that will secure the QSF Exchange Notes will be junior in ranking to the security interests in respect of the Norwegian Receivables Facility. The security agent for the QSF Exchange Notes will not be permitted to take enforcement action in respect of such junior-ranking security interests without the consent of the agent under the Norwegian Receivables Facility.
There may not be sufficient QSF Exchange Notes Collateral to repay the obligations under the QSF Exchange Notes and any additional indebtedness that would be secured on the same basis as the QSF Exchange Notes. In addition, liquidating the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the QSF Exchange Notes may not result in proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due under the QSF Exchange Notes after also satisfying the obligations to pay any creditors with pari passu liens. If the proceeds of any sale of QSF Exchange Notes Collateral are not sufficient to repay all amounts due on the QSF Exchange Notes, the holders of the QSF Exchange Notes (to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral) would have only a senior unsecured claim.
The security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral will not be granted directly to the holders o f the QSF Exchange Notes.
The security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes and the security documents in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral that will secure the obligations of the Issuer under the QSF Exchange Notes will not be granted directly to the holders of the QSF Exchange Notes but will be granted only in favor of the Security Agent for the QSF Exchange Notes, and any future obligations permitted to be secured by the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral under the QSF Exchange Notes. The QSF Exchange Notes and the security documents will provide that only the Security Agent has the right to enforce the security documents. As a consequence, holders of the QSF Exchange Notes will not have direct security interests and will not be entitled to take enforcement action in respect of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the QSF Exchange Notes, except through the Security Agent for the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral.
In certain jurisdictions in which security interests are being provided in favor of the QSF Exchange Notes, including France, due to the laws and jurisprudence governing the creation and perfection of security interests and enforceability of such security interests, the relevant security documents will provide for the creation of "parallel debt" obligations in favor of the Security Agent, and the security interests in such jurisdictions will secure the parallel debt only, and may not directly secure the obligations under the QSF Exchange Notes. The parallel debt construct has not been tested in court in certain of these jurisdictions and to the extent that the security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral created under the parallel debt construct are successfully challenged by other parties, holders of the QSF Exchange Notes will not receive any proceeds from an enforcement of the security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral. See "Limitations on Validity and Enforceability o f the Parent Guarantee and the Security Interests'".
The Parent and certain o f its subsidiaries will have control over the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral, and the sale of particular assets could reduce thepool of assets securing the QSF Exchange Notes.
