· with the consent of holders of a majority of the QSF Exchange Notes;
· in connection with an enforcement action permitted under the security documents.
It may be difficult to realize the value of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral.
The QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the QSF Exchange Notes will be subject to any and all exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections permitted under the QSF Exchange Notes. The existence of any such exceptions, defects, encumbrances, liens and other imperfections could adversely affect the value of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the QSF Exchange Notes and the ability of the Security Agent to realize or foreclose on such QSF Exchange Notes Collateral. Furthermore, the first-priority ranking of security interests can be affected by a variety of factors, including, among others, the timely satisfaction of perfection requirements, statutory liens or re-characterization under the laws of certain jurisdictions.
The security interests of the Security Agent will be subject to practical problems generally associated with the realization of security interests in collateral. For example, the Security Agent may need to obtain the consent of a thirdparty to enforce a security interest. We cannot assure you that the Security Agent will be able to obtain any such consents. We also cannot assure you that the consents of any third parties will be given when required to facilitate a foreclosure on such assets. Accordingly, the Security Agent may not have the ability to foreclose upon those assets and the value of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral may significantly decrease.
The laws of certain jurisdictions do not generally permit an appropriation of pledged assets by the pledgee upon the occurrence of an enforcement event and usually require the sale of the relevant collateral through a formal disposal process involving a public auction. Certain waiting periods and notice requirements may apply to such disposal process.
The QSF Exchange Notes Collateral is subject to casualty risks.
We intend to continue to maintain insurance or otherwise insure against hazards in accordance with our current practices. There are, however, certain losses that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, in whole or in part. Insurance proceeds may not compensate us fully for our losses. If there is a complete or partial loss of any of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral, the insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to satisfy all of the secured obligations, including the QSF Exchange Notes. In addition, even if there is sufficient insurance coverage, if there is a total or partial loss of certain QSF Exchange Notes Collateral, there may be significant delays in obtaining replacement QSF Exchange Notes Collateral.
The rights o f holders in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral may be adversely affected by the security interests in QSF Exchange Notes Collateral not beingperfected or beingjunior security interests.
