We intend to continue to maintain insurance or otherwise insure against hazards in accordance with our current practices. There are, however, certain losses that may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, in whole or in part. Insurance proceeds may not compensate us fully for our losses. If there is a complete or partial loss of any of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral, the insurance proceeds may not be sufficient to satisfy all of the secured obligations, including the QSF Exchange Notes. In addition, even if there is sufficient insurance coverage, if there is a total or partial loss of certain QSF Exchange Notes Collateral, there may be significant delays in obtaining replacement QSF Exchange Notes Collateral.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law requires that a security interest in certain tangible and intangible assets can only be properly perfected and its priority retained through certain actions undertaken by the secured party and/or the grantor of the Security Interest, such as filings, registration or the publication of notices. The security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes may not be perfected, and their priority may not be retained, with respect to the obligations under the QSF Exchange Notes, if the Security Agent and/or the grantor of the Security Interest does not take the actions necessary to perfect any of the security interests on, or prior to, the date that the security is granted or as otherwise required by the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. In addition, applicable law in some jurisdictions requires that certain property and rights
44
acquired after the grant of a general security interest, such as real property or equipment subject to a certificate and certain proceeds, can only be perfected at the time such property and rights are acquired and identified.
In particular, the pledge over inventory granted by the French subsidiary will only become enforceable (opposable) against third parties for a five year period as from registration and publication pursuant to article 2338 of the French Civil Code (Code civil) and Decree n°2006-1804 dated 23 December 2006, and thereafter only provided that registration can be renewed before the expiry of such five year period. Moreover, it should be noted that there is no public register or similar means of ascertaining that no charges or assignments have been created, made or perfected over those assets pledged under the French security document which relate to inventory prior to the date on which the security interests granted under the French security document have been created and perfected.
The grant of the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral to secure the QSF Exchange Notes might be challenged or voidable in an insolvency proceeding.
The grant of Collateral may be voidable by the grantor or by an insolvency trustee, liquidator, receiver or administrator or by other creditors, or may be otherwise set aside by a court if certain events or circumstances exist or occur, including, among others, if the grantor is deemed to be insolvent at the time of the grant, or if the grant or permits certain parties to receive a greater recovery than if the grant subordination had not been given and an insolvency proceeding in respect of the grantor is commenced within a legally specified "clawback" period following the grant. See "Limitations on Validity and Enforceability o f the Parent Guarantee and the Security Interests".
Risks Related to the Ordinary Shares
Theprice of the Ordinary Shares couldfluctuate significantly.
