Risks Related to the Ordinary Shares
The trading volume and price of the Ordinary Shares has fluctuated significantly in the past, and could fluctuate significantly in the future. Securities markets in general have been volatile in the past. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the Ordinary Shares' price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of the Ordinary Shares include, for example, changes in the Group's actual or projected results of operations or those of its competitors, changes in earnings projections or failure to meet investors' and analysts' earnings expectations, investors' evaluations of the success and effects of the strategy described in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, as well as the evaluation of the related risks, changes in general economic conditions, changes in consumer preferences, changes in shareholders and other factors. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies. Those changes may occur without regard to the operating performance of these companies. The price of the Ordinary Shares may therefore fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with the Group, and these fluctuations may materially affect the price of the Ordinary Shares.
Future issuances of Ordinary Shares or other securities could dilute the holdings of shareholders and could materially affect the price of the Ordinary Shares.
In order to address the dilution effects of the Transactions, the Parent will commence a repair offering of Ordinary Shares to existing shareholders of the Parent at a price of NOK 2.24 per Ordinary Share following the settlement of the Transactions. The Parent may in the future decide to offer additional Ordinary Shares or other securities in order to finance new capital intensive projects, in connection with unanticipated liabilities or expenses or for any other purposes. The Board of Directors of the Parent has authorised an increase of up to 50% of the Parent's outstanding shares, the maximum size authorised by law, which authorization will remain valid until the next ordinary meeting of the Board of Directors. There is no assurance the Parent will not decide to conduct further offerings of securities in the future. Depending on the structure of any future offering, certain existing shareholders may not have the ability to purchase additional equity securities. If the Parent raises additional funds by issuing additional equity securities, holdings and voting interests of existing shareholders could be diluted.
Pre-emptive rights to subscribe for Ordinary Shares in additional issuances could be unavailable to U.S. or other shareholders.
Under Norwegian law, unless otherwise resolved at the Parent's general meeting of shareholders (the "General Meeting"), existing shareholders have pre-emptive rights to participate on the basis of their existing ownership of Ordinary Shares in the issuance of any new Ordinary Shares for cash consideration. Shareholders in the United States, however, could be unable to exercise any such rights to subscribe for new Ordinary Shares unless a registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act is in effect in respect of such rights and Ordinary Shares or an exemption from the registration requirements under the U.S. Securities Act is available. Shareholders in other jurisdictions outside Norway could be similarly affected if the rights and the new Ordinary Shares being offered have not been registered with, or approved by, the relevant authorities in such jurisdiction. The Parent is under no obligation to file a registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act or seek similar approvals under the laws of any other jurisdiction outside Norway in respect
45
of any such rights and Ordinary Shares, and doing so in the future could be impractical and costly. To the extent that the Parent's shareholders are not able to exercise their rights to subscribe for new Ordinary Shares, their proportional interests in the Parent will be diluted.
Investors could be unable to exercise their voting rightsfor Ordinary Shares registered in a nominee account.
