of any such rights and Ordinary Shares, and doing so in the future could be impractical and costly. To the extent that the Parent's shareholders are not able to exercise their rights to subscribe for new Ordinary Shares, their proportional interests in the Parent will be diluted.
Beneficial owners of the Ordinary Shares that are registered in a nominee account (such as through brokers, dealers or other third parties) could be unable to vote such Ordinary Shares unless their ownership is re-registered in their names with the VPS prior to any General Meeting. There is no assurance that beneficial owners of the Ordinary Shares will receive the notice of any General Meeting in time to instruct their nominees to either effect a re-registration of their Ordinary Shares or otherwise vote their Ordinary Shares in the manner desired by such beneficial owners.
The transfer of Ordinary Shares is subject to restrictions under the securities laws o f the United States and other jurisdictions.
The Ordinary Shares have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws or any other jurisdiction outside Norway and are not expected to be registered in the future. As such, the Ordinary Shares may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable securities laws. In addition, there is no assurance that shareholders residing or domiciled in the United States or other countries will be able to participate in future capital increases or rights offerings.
The Parent's ability to pay dividends in accordance with its dividend policy or otherwise is dependent on the availability of distributable reserves and restrictions in its financing agreements and the Parent may be unable or unwilling to pay any dividends in thefuture.
Norwegian law provides that any declaration of dividends must be adopted by the shareholders at the General Meeting, or by the Parent's Board of Directors in accordance with an authorisation from the General Meeting. Dividends may only be declared to the extent that the Parent has distributable funds and the Parent's Board of Directors finds such a declaration to be prudent in consideration of the size, nature, scope and risks associated with the Parent's operations and the need to strengthen its liquidity and financial position. As the Parent's ability to pay dividends is dependent on the availability of distributable reserves, it is, among other things, dependent upon receipt of dividends and other distributions of value from its subsidiaries and companies in which the Parent may invest. As a general rule, the General Meeting may not declare higher dividends than the Board of Directors has proposed or approved. If, for any reason, the General Meeting does not declare dividends in accordance with the above, a shareholder will, as a general rule, have no claim in respect of such non-payment, and the Parent will, as a general rule, have no obligation to pay any dividend in respect of the relevant period.
Investors could be unable to recover losses in civilproceedings in jurisdictions other than Norway.
The Parent is a public limited company organised under the laws of Norway. The majority of the current members of the Parent's Board of Directors and management reside in Norway. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process in other jurisdictions upon such persons or the Parent, to enforce against such persons or the Parent judgments obtained in non-Norwegian courts, or to enforce judgments on such persons or the Parent in otherjurisdictions.
Norwegian law could limit shareholders' ability to bring an action against the Parent.
