The Parent is a public limited company organised under the laws of Norway. The majority of the current members of the Parent's Board of Directors and management reside in Norway. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process in other jurisdictions upon such persons or the Parent, to enforce against such persons or the Parent judgments obtained in non-Norwegian courts, or to enforce judgments on such persons or the Parent in otherjurisdictions.
The rights of holders of the Ordinary Shares are governed by Norwegian law and by the Articles of Association. These rights may differ from the rights of shareholders in other jurisdictions. In particular, Norwegian law limits the circumstances under which shareholders of Norwegian companies may bring derivative actions. For example, under Norwegian law, any action brought by the Parent in respect of wrongful acts committed against the Parent will be prioritised over actions brought by shareholders claiming compensation in respect of such acts. In addition, it could be difficult to prevail in a claim against the Parent under, or to enforce liabilities predicated upon, securities laws in other jurisdictions.
Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect the value o f the Ordinary Shares and any dividends paid on the Ordinary Sharesfor an investor whoseprincipal currency is not NOK.
The Ordinary Shares will be priced and traded in NOK on the Oslo Stock Exchange and any future payments of dividends on the Ordinary Shares will be denominated in NOK. Investors registered in the VPS whose address is outside Norway and who have not supplied the VPS with details of any NOK account, will, however, receive dividends by check in their local currency, as exchanged from the NOK amount distributed through the VPS. If it is not practical in the sole opinion of the Parent's VPS registrar, to issue a check in a local currency, a check will be issued in USD. The issuing and
46
mailing of checks will be executed in accordance with the standard procedures of Nordea Bank Norge ASA ("Nordea"), our VPS registrar bank. The exchange rate(s) that is applied will be Nordea's rate on the date of issuance. Exchange rate movements of NOK will therefore affect the value of these dividends and distributions for investors whose principal currency is not NOK. Further, the market value of the Ordinary Shares as expressed in foreign currencies will fluctuate in part as a result of foreign exchange fluctuations. This could affect the value of the Ordinary Shares and of any dividends paid on the Ordinary Shares for an investor whose principal currency is not NOK.
Market interest rates could influence theprice o f the Ordinary Shares.
One of the factors that could influence the price of the Ordinary Shares is its annual dividend yield, if any, as compared to yields on other financial instruments. Thus, an increase in market interest rates will result in higher yields on other financial instruments, which could adversely affect the price of the Ordinary Shares.
Risks Related to the Exchange Offers
