Holders o f Relevant 2016/2017 Notes that are exchangedfor Exchange Notes will be subject to increased risk that we will be unable to repay (or refinance) the Exchange Notes when they mature.
47
Any Relevant 2016/2017 Notes that are not tendered in the Exchange Offers may be acquired, redeemed or repaid on terms that may be viewed as more, or less, favorable than the terms of the Exchange Notes offered in the Exchange Offers.
Whether or not such Relevant 2016/2017 Notes are amended or subject to mandatory redemption or exchange following the completion of the Exchange Offers, we (or other parties acting on our behalf) may acquire, redeem or repay Relevant 2016/2017 Notes that are not tendered in the Exchange Offers through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, other tender or exchange offers, redemptions, repayment at maturity or such other means as we deem appropriate. Any such transactions will occur upon the terms and at the prices as we may determine in our sole discretion, which may be more or less favorable than the terms of the Exchange Offers, and could be for cash, senior debt securities, other assets or other consideration. We may choose to pursue any or none of these alternatives, or combinations thereof, in the future.
The consummation o f the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations may be delayed, amended or terminated.
We are not obligated to consummate the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations and may delay or terminate them in accordance with the terms described herein. Subject to applicable law, we also have the right to amend the terms of the Exchange Offers or the Consent Solicitations. Further, acceptance for exchange of tendered Relevant 2016/2017 Notes is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations described under "Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations--Conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations", including the minimum tender condition, which may not be satisfied. Consequently, even if the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are completed, they may not be completed on the schedule described in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum and Eligible Holders participating in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations may have to wait longer than expected to receive their Exchange Notes, during which time such Holders will not be able to effect transfers of their Relevant 2016/2017 Notes tendered in the Exchange Offers or the Exchange Notes until the termination of the Exchange Offers or the Settlement Date.
Eligible Holders may not receive Exchange Notes in the Exchange Offers if the procedures for the Exchange Offers are notfollowed.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offers, we will issue the Exchange Notes in exchange for Relevant 2016/2017 Notes only if Eligible Holders validly tender the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes and each delivers a properly completed and duly executed Exchange Instruction and other required documents which are received by the Exchange and Tabulation Agent at or prior to the Expiration Deadline. Eligible Holders will need to allow sufficient time to ensure timely delivery of the necessary documents. None of the Parent, the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer, the Exchange and Tabulation Agent or the Existing Notes Trustees or any other person or entity is under any duty to give notification of defects or irregularities with respect to tenders of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for exchange or deliveries of consents. If a beneficial owner of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes that is an Eligible Holder has its Relevant 2016/2017 Notes registered in the name of its broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee and the Holder wishes to tender such Relevant 2016/2017 Notes in the Exchange Offers, such beneficial owner will need to promptly contact the person in whose name its Relevant 2016/2017 Notes are registered and instruct that person to tender its Relevant 2016/2017 Notes and deliver its consent on its behalf. Beneficial owners will need to be aware that their broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee may establish its own earlier deadline for participation in the Exchange Offers. Accordingly, beneficial owners wishing to participate in the Exchange Offers should contact their broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee as soon as possible in order to determine the time by which such owner must take action in order to participate.
Similar considerations apply in respect of those Holders that desire to elect to subscribe for Ordinary Shares of the Parent.
