(A) in the case of a Holder that has offered Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for exchange in the Exchange Offers, the
Instruction in respect of the Consent Solicitations, with respect to the 2017 Notes, the conclusion of the Meeting
(or any adjourned Meeting, as applicable); or
(ii) the date of any termination of any of the Exchange Offers (including where such Relevant 2016/2017 Notes are not accepted by the Parent or the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer for exchange) or on which the relevant Exchange Instruction or Electronic Voting Instruction is revoked, in the circumstances in which such revocation is permitted in accordance with the corresponding procedures and on the terms and conditions established in the section "Amendment and Termination" of this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
The Parent has the right to defer the payment of interest on the Perpetual Notes which may adversely impact the marketprice of the Perpetual Notes.
The Parent may in its sole discretion defer the payment of interest on the Perpetual Notes, in whole or in part, by delivering deferral notices to holders. The Parent is not subject to the any limits as to the number of times the interest payments and deferred interest payments can be deferred. A deferred interest payment may, at the option of the Parent, be paid at any time. While the deferral of interest continues, the Parent may make payments on any instrument ranking senior to the Perpetual Notes. Any deferral of interest is likely to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Perpetual Notes. In addition, as a result of the deferral provisions of the Perpetual Notes, the market price of the Perpetual Notes may be more volatile than the market price of other securities and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Parent's financial condition and results of operations.
The Perpetual Notes may be redeemed under certain circumstances which may not accord with the preference of the individual holders.
The Perpetual Notes may be redeemed at the specified redemption price at the option of the Parent by delivering a redemption notice to holders of the Perpetual Notes. The Perpetual Notes are also subject to redemption at their
50
