The Perpetual Notes may be redeemed at the specified redemption price at the option of the Parent by delivering a redemption notice to holders of the Perpetual Notes. The Perpetual Notes are also subject to redemption at their
principal amount at the option of the Parent, if the Parent experiences a change of control or upon the occurrence of certain tax events, rating events or accounting events.
The date upon which the Perpetual Notes are redeemed may not accord with the preference of holders. This may be disadvantageous to holders in light of market conditions or the individual circumstances of the holders. In addition, a holder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable securities at an effective interest rate at the same level as that of the Perpetual Notes.
The Perpetual Notes are deeply subordinated obligations and there is no limit on issuing senior or pari passu obligations, which may adversely impact the marketprice and liquidity of the Perpetual Notes.
The Perpetual Notes are deeply subordinated obligations of the Parent, and rank junior to the Parent's other existing and future senior indebtedness. There is no restriction in the Perpetual Notes on the amount of indebtedness or other liabilities that the Parent may incur and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Perpetual Notes. The issue of any such indebtedness or other liabilities may increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest under the Perpetual Notes. Furthermore, the terms of such indebtedness or liabilities may include provisions resulting in the Parent being required to defer interest under the Perpetual Notes in circumstances where a deferral of interest is made on such indebtedness and liabilities, The issue of any such indebtedness or liabilities may also have an adverse impact on the trading price of the Perpetual Notes or the ability of holders to sell their Perpetual Notes.
Holders that participate in the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation are subject to income tax consequences not discussed in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. Holders should seek advice from their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Exchange Notes (or Ordinary Shares) as well as the consequences o f the exchange.
Eligible Holders of the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes should be aware that the tender of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes, the Consent Solicitations, the issuance of the Exchange Notes and the subscription for Ordinary Shares are subject to tax consequences not discussed in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum (other than a summary description of certain Norwegian tax matters). Tax laws are complex and will differ depending on the jurisdiction of the relevant Holder. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Exchange Notes (or Ordinary Shares) and the consequences of the exchange, including, but not limited to: whether the tender of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes and acceptance of Exchange Notes is a taxable or tax free exchange for relevant tax purposes, the holding period in, and the allocation of tax basis among, the Exchange Notes, whether the Exchange Notes are treated as debt or equity for relevant tax purposes, the tax treatment of interest payments with respect to the Exchange Notes, the effect of Norwegian withholding tax (if any) on payments made with respect to the Exchange Notes (or Ordinary Shares) and the availability of tax credits or deductions as a result of such withholding, the application of special tax rules with respect to instruments issued at a discount, the possible application of special rules relating to notes subject to certain contingencies, the ownership of instruments that pay in-kind and the possible recognition of income as a result of the receipt of in-kind payments, the treatment of payments of interest and principal denominated in a foreign currency, the consequences of further issues of Exchange Notes by the Parent, the effects of the Consent Solicitations on the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes and any reporting requirements or obligations that may arise due to ownership of the Exchange Notes or Ordinary Shares.
51
USE OF PROCEEDS The cash received as proceeds from subscriptions for cash for Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Offers, from the sale of Ordinary Shares in the Repair Offering and 10.3 million from the sale of 2016 Notes and 2017 Notes held in treasury by us will be used to pay the fees and expenses of the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitations and other Transactions and for general corporate purposes.
