1.00, which is the unweighted monthly average exchange rate for the period from October 1, 2014 to September 30, 2015.
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Thefollowing discussion o f ourfinancial condition and results o f operations should be read in conjunction with the information included in "Selected Historical Financial Data" and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes related thereto included elsewhere in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. The discussion includesforward-looking statements that reflect the current view o f management and involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those contained in any forward- looking statements as a result o ffactors discussed below and elsewhere in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, particularly under "Risk Factors "and "Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements ".
Overview
We are a leading global publication paper company with total production capacity of 2.8 million tons at our seven mills in Europe and Australasia. We are one of the world's leading producers of newsprint and are a significant producer of magazine paper by production capacity. In Europe, we operate four mills in Norway, Austria and France with 2.1 million tons of publication paper production capacity, making us the third largest European producer of publication paper. In Australasia (which includes Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea and the neighboring islands), we operate two mills in Australia and one mill in New Zealand with 0.7 million tons of publication paper production capacity. We also operate Australasia's sole newsprint and magazine paper mills, making us a leading provider of publication paper in the region.
Our newsprint paper products include standard and improved grades, while our magazine paper products comprise uncoated super-calendared paper and light-weight coated paper. The end uses of our products are mainly newspapers and magazines, but also include catalogs, inserts/flyers, supplements, free-sheets, directories, direct mail and brochures. Our principal geographic markets for newsprint products are Europe and Australasia, while our main geographic markets for magazine paper products are Europe, Australasia and North America. We sell our products in these markets under well-known brands, including Nornews, Norbright, NorX, Norstar, Norcote, Norsc, Norbook, Vantage and Tasman Directory. Our customers include publishers of leading periodicals in Europe, Australasia and the rest of the world, and we have long-standing relationships with many of our top tier publishing clients.
Positioning Within the Industry
Overview o f Industry Trends
Significant trends affecting the paper industry include (i) a fundamental structural change in paper consumption as demand for global paper consumption declines and (ii) a geographic shift in production and demand from traditional markets, such as North America and Western Europe, to Asia and Latin America.
