Overview o f Industry Trends
A long-term demand decline for paper globally has been driven principally by technological developments which are influencing economic, demographic and end-user preference trends. Alternative methods of media consumption that have shifted consumer preferences towards digital platforms have negatively impacted publication paper. Global overcapacity has been driven by this demand decline and exacerbated by some capacity buildup in Asia over the past decade.
To reduce the levels of overcapacity and address the current market imbalance, industry participants have engaged in both consolidation and capacity closures, which have resulted in substantial capacity reductions in North America, Western Europe, Japan and other traditional markets. North America has been a first mover in consolidation and reduction of capacity over the past several years with Europe following. Both markets have become more consolidated, which has helped to address the overcapacity issues. North America remains a more consolidated market than Europe, except in relation to uncoated mechanical, which suggests that there is still room for consolidation in the European publication paper markets.
Our Response
As a result of the broader industry declines, we have endured a protracted period of operational losses. We have sought to address the long-term decline in publication paper demand through a series of divestments and production facility closures as well as diversification of our production capacity. See "--Factors Affecting Comparability-- Significant disposals or reductions in capacity". The net effect of these actions has been to reduce our production capacity by 36% from 4.4 million tons of annual production capacity as of December 31, 2010 to 2.8 million tons of annual production capacity as of September 30, 2015. In reducing our capacity, we have retained our operations in Europe and Australasia, which we believe benefit from significant intra-regional synergies, while divesting our operations in Asia and Latin America where we lacked such synergies.
57
In addition to capacity reduction, and in order to improve our operating margins, we have also made various investments in cost reduction initiatives and higher margin production lines at certain of our continuing operating facilities. Our renewed focus on optimizing our working capital has increased our ability to make such investments. Our working capital requirements have declined faster than other Group requirements since 2011. We have reduced our working capital requirements primarily through reductions in inventories and an improved control of accounts receivable.
Operating Segments
With effect from January 1, 2014, we manage and operate our business through two operating segments: Publication Paper Europe and Publication Paper Australasia. Activities of our Group that do not fall into either of the two operating segments are presented under Other Activities.
