Our business is affected by a number of important trends and factors. The most significant of these trends and factors are discussed below.
The primary factors affecting our results of operations are the prices and volumes of newsprint and magazine paper that we sell. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our gross operating earnings were NOK 493 million. We believe this relatively weak number resulted from a combined decrease in prices and demand decrease in Europe and the Asian export markets. According to RISI, prices for SC and LWC paper in Germany are 13%, 6% and 1% lower as of September 2015 compared to the prices as of the end of 2014. The price levels in 2015 are also significantly lower than forecasted by several industry sources, including RISI. For instance, RISI expected prices in Europe for newsprint, SC and LWC to be 1%, 3% and 4%, respectively, higher by the end of 2015 compared to the end of 2014. As of September 2015, RISI expects the selling prices for publication paper in Europe to be stable through the end of 2015.
Publication paper prices. The prices at which we are able to sell our newsprint and magazine paper depend mainly on the balance between supply and demand and, to a lesser extent, on the quality characteristics of our publication paper and the destinations and terms of delivery. Since 2011, most of our European newsprint contracts allow for price adjustment on a quarterly or semi-annually basis, which, while tying our revenues more closely to fluctuations in market prices for newsprint and enabling us to respond more flexibly, introduces more volatility into our results over the course of any given year. Newsprint in Australasia is generally sold under contracts with pricing fixed for several years. Magazine paper is typically sold under contracts with terms of up to one year with pricing adjusted on a quarterly basis.
Production capacity. During the last 15 years, digital distribution of published media content and advertisements has become increasingly widespread. This development has challenged the publication paper industry, which has endured a protracted structural decline in demand, the effects of which have been exacerbated by cyclical demand declines tied to the 2008-2009 financial crisis and its effects on subsequent global economic growth. For paper makers, it has at times been difficult to react quickly to the effects of structural and cyclical demand shortfalls, which has resulted in industry-wide overcapacity.
58
Volumes sold. The volumes of newsprint and magazine paper we are able to sell are mainly affected by market demand and by the inventory levels of our customers.
Market demand for newsprint and magazine paper. The global demand for publication paper is strongly influenced by macroeconomic factors, consumer preferences and technological changes. Contractions in the economy typically lead to reductions in advertising spending and, as much of the demand for our products is generated directly or indirectly by advertising, our results will fluctuate with the general state of the economy.
Consumer preferences and habits. Demand for our products is also impacted by changes in consumer preferences and habits. With the rise of the Internet and electronic media, the publication paper industry in North America has witnessed a structural change in demand, with a decline in demand for most parts of print media, and newspapers in particular. In Europe, this trend has been less pronounced, but we currently expect that publication paper demand in Europe will continue to decline gradually. To the extent that advertising by electronic media continues to represent an increasing share of the advertising market at the expense of print media, or if consumer preferences or more stringent environmental regulations further disfavor paper, our revenues will be impacted.
Increases in the cost o f our raw materials and energy
