Consumer preferences and habits. Demand for our products is also impacted by changes in consumer preferences and habits. With the rise of the Internet and electronic media, the publication paper industry in North America has witnessed a structural change in demand, with a decline in demand for most parts of print media, and newspapers in particular. In Europe, this trend has been less pronounced, but we currently expect that publication paper demand in Europe will continue to decline gradually. To the extent that advertising by electronic media continues to represent an increasing share of the advertising market at the expense of print media, or if consumer preferences or more stringent environmental regulations further disfavor paper, our revenues will be impacted.
Our key raw materials are energy and fiber. Fiber is sourced as wood and as recovered paper. Input factor costs have in general been stable in recent years. This stability is a result of relatively modest input factor price volatility due to our contracting structure for energy and wood as well as improvements in fiber and energy consumption as a result of investments at some of our mills.
Energy. We are a producer of publication paper, which is among the most energy-intensive types of paper to produce. Energy is our single most important expense, and amounted to 21% of our operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. For this same period, 76% of our energy cost related to the purchase of electricity, while the remainder mainly related to purchases of gas and steam used to dry paper. As of September 30, 2015, a majority of our Group-wide electricity requirements were bought under long-term contracts. As a cost of publication paper production, our exposure to spot market energy prices is limited primarily to the European continent. See "-- Fluctuation in the value o f energy contracts " for a description of the impact of fluctuations of energy contracts on our results of operations.
Wood. We source wood for our operations through a variety of means. We purchase our wood in Australia pursuant to long-term contracts, and for the Boyer mill, approximately 70% of its wood requirements are sourced from its 20,000 hectares of forest assets. In Norway and continental Europe, wood is purchased pursuant to short- and medium-term contracts.
Recovered paper. Recovered paper supplies are largely purchased through short-term contracts, mainly at market prices. There have been relatively small fluctuations in recovered paper prices in recent years. We primarily use recovered paper in our European newsprint operations.
Transportation. Transportation costs comprise both the costs related to the delivery of our finished products to our customers, which are recorded in our income statement as distribution costs, and costs related to the delivery of raw materials to our mills, which are recorded in our income statement as cost of materials. We are responsible for the shipping costs in respect of the majority of our raw material purchases and sales of our finished products and our results are therefore subject to changes in transportation costs, largely due to fluctuations in fuel prices and currency.
Fluctuation in the value o f energy contracts
We enter into energy supply contracts based on our estimates of the amount of energy we will require to operate our business in the future. Under certain of these contracts, due to capacity reductions or other reasons, the amount of energy we require is less than we contracted for, and we resell the excess energy in the market. Historically, energy resales were a significant factor affecting our results. Presently, however, most of our mills are sourced to need and energy resales will not be expected to have the same impact on our future results of operations. In addition to resale revenues, we operate a geo- thermal energy production facility co-located at our mill in New Zealand from which we generate revenue from sales of excess energy into the spot energy market.
Under IFRS, contracts containing embedded derivatives are valued either with the whole contract or separately at fair value. Fair value is calculated as the difference between the projected market price and the projected contract price over the contract period, discounted to present value. Changes in fair value are recorded as income or expense, as applicable, in our income statement. Since the fair value is based on market expectations for energy prices and currency, interest rates and price indices, changes in fair value produce large fluctuations in our results of operations due to the large volumes and contract lengths associated with energy contracts. We revalue our energy contracts every quarter. Due
