We enter into energy supply contracts based on our estimates of the amount of energy we will require to operate our business in the future. Under certain of these contracts, due to capacity reductions or other reasons, the amount of energy we require is less than we contracted for, and we resell the excess energy in the market. Historically, energy resales were a significant factor affecting our results. Presently, however, most of our mills are sourced to need and energy resales will not be expected to have the same impact on our future results of operations. In addition to resale revenues, we operate a geo- thermal energy production facility co-located at our mill in New Zealand from which we generate revenue from sales of excess energy into the spot energy market.
59
to volatility in the market price of energy and certain currencies, it is impossible to predict what the impact of such revaluation will be on our income statement and balance sheet from quarter to quarter. These accounting effects have no impact on cash flow.
As of September 30, 2015, the net book value of our commodity contracts and embedded derivatives in commodity contracts was NOK 176 million. The fluctuations are non-cash items that are recorded in the income statement under other gains and losses.
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Norwegian kroner. Items reflected in the consolidated financial statements of each of our subsidiaries are initially recorded using the currency of the primary economic location in which the entity operates (except for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 for our subsidiaries in Latin America, where the functional currency was the U.S. dollar). Transactions in currencies other than an entity's functional currency are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from the settlement of these transactions and from translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at period-end exchange rates are recognized as realized/unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency in our income statement. Exchange rate differences arising from the settlement of accounts receivable/payable and unrealized gains/losses on the same positions are recognized in operating revenue/cost of materials, respectively. Gains and losses that relate to borrowings, cash and cash equivalents and currency hedging are presented in our income statement as financial items. Subsequently, upon consolidation, the accounts of our subsidiaries that are presented in currencies other than Norwegian kroner are translated into Norwegian kroner at Norges Bank's official rates prevailing on our balance sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Any exchange differences arising are recognized as comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves.
Our results of operations are subject to both translation effects and transaction effects as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates. While our reporting currency is the Norwegian kroner, our subsidiaries generate revenue and incur costs primarily in Euro, U.S. dollars, pounds sterling, Australian dollars and New Zealand dollars (in addition to Norwegian kroner). For example, for the year ended December 31, 2014, 74.0% of our operating revenues were derived from European markets other than Norway and from Australasian markets, where prices and costs are denominated and paid in currencies other than Norwegian kroner. As of September 30, 2015, 96.1% of our total interest-bearing non-current liabilities were denominated in currencies other than Norwegian kroner, with approximately 78.4% denominated in Euro and 15.8% in U.S. dollars. Consequently, our results are affected by any material depreciation or appreciation of these currencies against the Norwegian kroner.
Currency transaction effects primarily relate to our Norwegian operations, which incur expenses mainly in Norwegian kroner, but which sell a large proportion of their output on the export market and generate revenue in foreign currency (primarily Euro, pounds sterling and U.S. dollars). However, we currently do not have any outstanding currency hedging agreements (see "--Factors Affecting Comparability--Impact from currency changes and other factors under financial items'").
From time to time, we hedge parts of our expected cash flow in foreign currency. The purpose of this is to improve predictability of our cash flows. Forward contracts and options may be used to hedge cash flows. See "-- Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Exchange rate risk".
