Currency transaction effects primarily relate to our Norwegian operations, which incur expenses mainly in Norwegian kroner, but which sell a large proportion of their output on the export market and generate revenue in foreign currency (primarily Euro, pounds sterling and U.S. dollars). However, we currently do not have any outstanding currency hedging agreements (see "--Factors Affecting Comparability--Impact from currency changes and other factors under financial items'").
Increases in interest rates
We primarily have fixed-rate borrowings, which are carried as liabilities on our balance sheet. As of September 30, 2015, the total carrying value of all total interest-bearing liabilities was NOK 9,148 million, and the total value of cash and cash equivalents was NOK 699 million.
For a discussion of our past hedging activities with respect to interest rates, see "--Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk--Interest rate risk".
Impact of decline in value offixed assets
We are required to determine the value of our fixed assets (principally the machines we use in our mills) whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such events can include the closure of a mill or a reduction in the production capacity of a mill. When the carrying amount exceeds the net present value of future cash flows from the asset, the difference is recorded as an impairment charge in our income statement.
60
Cost control and operational efficiency
A proportion of our total operating expenses are fixed, which means that profitability, particularly in an environment of declining prices, depends in part on cost control and operating efficiency. During the periods under review, we have implemented a number of cost control and operational efficiency programs and measures, and we continue to monitor opportunities to implement further programs and measures. In addition to mill closures and disposals and production suspensions, these programs and measures have included the optimization of energy usage at our mills, the consolidation of sales and distribution resources and use of sales agents and the streamlining of headquarter operations. Due to the combination of mill closures and disposals and cost-reduction initiatives, our employee headcount decreased from 5,078 employees as of December 31, 2011 to 2,560 employees as of September 30, 2015. In general, the effects of cost control and operational efficiency programs and measures are reflected in improvements in operating expense items, gross operating earnings and gross operating margins. We may also record restructuring expenses in connection with cost-reduction initiatives, which can be significant. For example, we recorded NOK 59 million of restructuring expenses in 2011 for a cost-reduction program at the Walsum mill.
