Cost control and operational efficiency
Acquisitions and disposals
During the periods under review we have made a number of significant disposals and reductions in capacity. In addition, in the future we may make further disposals and other reductions in capacity and potentially may make acquisitions in line with our business strategy. Any of these actions may significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. See "--Factors Affecting Comparability--Significant disposals or reductions in capacity'. We may incur substantial additional debt in connection with any acquisition.
Seasonality
In general, market demand for our products is not constant over the year. We typically experience strong seasonal demand in the fourth quarter due to Christmas advertising and Christmas catalogs, and in the Northern hemisphere, we experience a seasonal increase in demand in the second quarter due to the printing of holiday brochures ahead of the summer holiday season. For example, for the three months ended March 31, 2014, we generated gross operating earnings of NOK 153 million, while our gross operating earnings for the three months ended December 31, 2013 were NOK 298 million. The decrease of NOK 145 million in our gross operating earnings between the two quarters compared is due to lower volumes. For reasons related to operational efficiency, we maintain production levels relatively stable throughout the year, such that seasonal increases in demand are satisfied through inventory. Consequently, changes in inventories can be significant from quarter to quarter, although from one year to the next, the overall change in inventories is typically small.
Factors Affecting Comparability
The key factors affecting comparability of our results of operations during the periods under review include:
Changes in reporting segments
Due to changes in our business and the way we operate and manage our business during the periods under review, we have made several changes to our operating segments. These changes affect comparability of our results of operations during the periods under review.
