 Disposal o f Thailand Singburi operations (2013). We sold the Singburi newsprint mill in Thailand in November 2013.
 Closure o f Tasman paper machine (2013). We permanently closed one of the two paper machines at the Tasman mill in New Zealand with an annual production capacity of 160,000 tons of newsprint in January 2013.
 Disposal o f Chilean Bio Bio operations (2012). We sold the Bio Bio newsprint mill in Chile in 2012.
 Disposal o fFollum mill (2012). In December 2011, we closed the Follum mill in Norway, which produced newsprint and magazine paper. In June 2012, we sold the land and the energy contracts related to the mill.
 Disposal o f Parenco mill (2012). We sold the Parenco mill in the Netherlands, which produced newsprint and magazine paper, in August 2012.
 Disposal o fReparco (2012). We sold the Reparco global recovered paper business in August 2012.
The disposal of businesses and assets and the reduction of production capacity have a number of effects on our results of operations. In general, disposals and reductions of capacity result in decreases in operating revenues, operating expenses and gross operating earnings in subsequent periods. In some cases, the disposal of a profitable business, such as the Pisa mill in Brazil, can negatively impact gross operating margins in subsequent periods. We may recognize one-time gains or losses as a result of disposals, which are recorded as other gains and losses in the income statement. We have generally applied a portion of the proceeds from disposals to reduce our indebtedness.
We generally will record restructuring expenses in connection with reductions of capacity through closures. For example, we recorded NOK 105 million of restructuring expenses in 2012 in connection with the closure of newsprint capacity at the Tasman mill. We may also record significant impairment charges with respect to a planned closure of capacity. Closures may also have a positive impact on working capital and operating cash flow, due to the release of working capital following such closure.
Implementation o f accounting standard IAS 19
