We generally will record restructuring expenses in connection with reductions of capacity through closures. For example, we recorded NOK 105 million of restructuring expenses in 2012 in connection with the closure of newsprint capacity at the Tasman mill. We may also record significant impairment charges with respect to a planned closure of capacity. Closures may also have a positive impact on working capital and operating cash flow, due to the release of working capital following such closure.
We implemented the amended accounting standard IAS 19 Employee Benefits with effect from January 1, 2013, with full retrospective application. We have included restated 2012 financial information for the purposes of comparison in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum to give effect to this implementation. For a description of the implementation effects of amended accounting standard IAS 19, see note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2013.
Impactfrom currency changes and otherfactors underfinancial items
Effective from October 2014, we terminated our remaining currency hedging agreements. Historically, our forward contracts and currency options were subject to fair market valuation at the end of each financial quarter, changes in which were recognized in our income statement as a financial item. As a result, the currency impact of changes in exchange rates on our results, which is recognized in our income statement, could be significant. Net translation effects in respect of foreign currency-denominated debt could also be significant, primarily in U.S. dollar-denominated debt, as we do not have many assets in U.S. dollars. Translation differences on most of the other debt denominated in foreign currencies were generally together with assets in the same currency, and the translation difference was recognized in equity. Furthermore, we have from time to time repurchased our debt securities as part of the management of our capital structure and have recognized gains and losses as a result of such repurchases.
62
Realized/unrealized gains/losses on currency Gains on buy-back of bonds......................... Gains on exchange of bonds......................... Gains on fair value hedge.............................
Year Ended December 31, 2012 2013 2014
(NOK in millions)
359 (618) (690) 187 -- (7)
