4
-- 90
Disruptions or other stoppages in production capacity
Our results of operations can be impacted by disruptions or other stoppages in our production capacity. These events can be due to involuntary reasons, such as fires, or voluntary reasons, such as the conversion of a paper machine or the temporary idling (or the reduction in utilization rates) of a paper machine to address issues such as inventory build-ups or energy price developments. The impact on our results of operations of such events depends on the nature of the disruption or stoppage, and other factors such as whether the event is covered by insurance (including business interruption insurance to cover lost margins).
From mid-December 2013 until April 2014, operations at one of the two paper machines at our Boyer mill were suspended. While the machine was offline, we converted the machine to produce magazine paper instead of newsprint. The converted machine is our first magazine paper machine in Australasia, and the only magazine producing machine in that market. During the period of the machine's conversion, production capacity at our Boyer facility declined from 22,500 tons of newsprint per month to 12,500 tons of newsprint per month. Following the conversion, the Boyer mill has capacity to produce 12,500 tons of newsprint per month and 11,667 tons of magazine paper per month. As a result of the conversion, revenues and gross operating earnings for the Publication Paper Australasia operating segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 were negatively impacted. Our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were positively impacted compared to the first nine months ended September 30, 2014, as the Boyer magazine paper machine improved its production and performance levels.
From the third week of June 2015 until the first week of November, operations at one paper machine at our Skogn mill in Norway was temporary halted due to the challenging European newsprint market. The shutdown was originally planned as a temporary downtime for nine weeks during the summer period in order to cut cost and support the European market balance. However, due to the continuing challenging market conditions for newsprint, the machine stop was prolonged until the first week of November.
Recent Developments
For a description of recent developments, see "Summary--Recent Developments".
Results of Operations
