Liquidity
There is a very significant risk that, absent substantial material improvement in short and medium term trading conditions, our existing cash balances, together with our anticipated cash flow from operations and other capital resources, will be insufficient to allow us to satisfy the payments of principal on the 2016 Notes and the 2017 Notes as they become due in June 2016 and June 2017, respectively. Our ability to satisfy these obligations may accordingly depend, in part, on the successful completion of the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations, or one or more alternative transactions, such as raising additional secured debt or making asset sales. However, the quantum of any new secured debt and the permitted use of proceeds from the issuance of such debt or from asset sales is significantly constrained by the terms of the Senior Secured Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes.
In addition, the financial performance of the Group over the recent quarters and the currency effects on the total financial leverage of the Group from the continuing weakening of the Norwegian kroner have together reduced the total equity of the Group from NOK 1,497 million as of December 31, 2014 (restated) to NOK 547 million as of September 30, 2015. There is a significant risk that the equity level of the Group will continue to be reduced by the net financial results of the Group, further depreciation of the Norwegian kroner and other negative one-off items. This situation is sought to be partly addressed by the expected effects of the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations, which if completed, should materially improve the equity position of the Group.
In the Exchange Offers, the Parent is offering the Eligible Holders of the Parent's Relevant 2016 Notes to exchange their 2016 Notes for newly issued QSF Exchange Notes, Exchange Notes due 2019 and Perpetual Notes and Equity Subscription Rights and to Eligible Holders of the 2017 Notes for newly issued QSF Exchange Notes, Exchange Notes due 2026 and Perpetual Notes and Equity Subscription Rights, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Exchange Offer. Pursuant to the Consent Solicitations, the Parent is soliciting consents from the Eligible Holders of the Parent's outstanding 2017 Notes to amend the maturity, principal amount and interest rate on the 2017 Notes and to permit the redemption or mandatory exchange of the 2017 Notes for other debt securities.
There is a minimum tender condition of 90% of the 2016 Notes and 75% of the 2017 Notes in the Exchange Offers. The Parent reserves the right to decrease or waive the minimum tender condition in its sole discretion without providing for an extension of the duration of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.
Under the agreement among GSO, Cyrus and the Parent, GSO and Cyrus have committed to tender their holdings of the 2016 Notes and 2017 Notes in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, which holdings (together with the 2016 Notes and 2017 Notes that are being acquired from the Parent) represent 37.6% and 68.2% respectively, of the outstanding 2016 Notes and 2017 Notes. If the minimum tender conditions are not satisfied (or waived) and the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not completed, the very material uncertainty surrounding the Group's liquidity position in 2016 and 2017 may cause and/or require the officers and directors of subsidiary operating companies in the Group to consider whether they can continue to provide monies to the Parent, which the Parent relies upon to satisfy its liabilities. The Parent's independent auditors may also issue an audit opinion on our December 31, 2015 consolidated financial statements on a qualified basis as to their assumption of our ability to continue as a going concern, which could raise concerns among our trade creditors and other finance providers. In such circumstances, the Parent would be forced to consider any and all available options, which may include a non-consensual comprehensive balance sheet restructuring of the Parent. There can be no assurance that the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will be completed, or as to the aggregate principal amount of each series of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes that will be exchanged for Exchange Notes.
We believe that the successful completion of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will protect value for all of our stakeholders and position us to take advantage of a cyclical improvement in the publication paper industry cycle. The completion will also provide protection of the position of holders of the 2016 Notes and the 2017 Notes. After the completion of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, we will still have significant cash interest expense, high financial leverage and significant debt repayment obligations due in 2019.
We believe that the potential significant risks to our liquidity include:
64
