W e use derivative instrum ents from time to tim e to hedge our exposure to the fluctuation in exchange rates and commodity prices, primarily energy prices.
W e are exposed to various financial risks through our operating activities, including m arket risk (interest rate risk, currency risk and commodity price risk), liquidity risk and credit risk. W e seek to minimize losses and volatility on our earnings caused by adverse market movements. We monitor and manage financial risk based on internal policies and standards set forth by corporate managem ent and approved by the Board o f Directors. These w ritten policies provide principles fo r the overall risk management, as well as standards fo r managing exchange rate risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and the use o f financial derivatives and non-derivative financial instruments. Compliance w ith policies and standards is continuously monitored.
Interest rate risk
There has historically been a correlation betw een economic trends and interest rate movements, with interest rates falling during an economic dow nturn and rising in an economic recovery. We seek to structure our deb t portfolio such that interest costs partly offset changes in revenue as a consequence o f changes in the economic climate. The goal of interest rate risk m anagement is to secure the lowest possible interest rate payments over time w ithin acceptable risk limits. In the current challenging situation in the publication paper market, we have secured m ost o f the interest rate payments by primarily paying fixed interest rates on our debt obligations.
The following table sets forth, by interest rate type, our interest-bearing assets and liabilities with corresponding hedges, for the periods indicated:
Interest-bearing liabilities............ .. Interest-bearing assets ................. .. Net exposure before hedging....... .. Fair value hedge .......................... .. Cash flow hedge .......................... .. Net exposure after hedging ......... ..
Year Ended December 31, 2012
Floating Fixed
Total
