· transaction risk, which arises as a result of our positive cash flow being predominantly in foreign currencies, while our negative cash flow is predominantly in Norwegian kroner.
In the past, we have used various financial instruments to hedge our exposure to currency transaction risk. In general, we calculate a twelve-month future cash flow exposure in each currency on a rolling basis (the "rolling cash flow hedge"). At any one time, a portion of our twelve-month expected cash flow exposure is hedged using forward contracts and currency options. We do not use hedge accounting for the rolling cash flow hedge. The rolling cash flow hedge generated a gain of NOK 2 million in 2014, a loss of NOK 66 million in 2013 and a gain of NOK 149 million in 2012. Over time, currency losses or earnings are expected to offset increased or reduced future gross operating earnings.
Commodity risk
A major part of our global commodity demand, primarily energy, is purchased through long-term contracts. We only use financial instruments to a small degree to hedge these contracts. The hedging ratio represents a trade-off between risk exposure and the opportunity to take advantage of short-term price drops in the spot market. Hedging levels are regulated through mandates approved by the Board of Directors.
Certain of our purchase and sales contracts are derivatives, or contain embedded derivatives, which fall within the scope of IAS 39. These derivatives are measured in our balance sheet at fair value with value changes recognized through profit or loss. Commodity contracts are either financial contracts for the purpose of trading or hedging, or physical commodity contracts that are not for the purpose of our own use. The embedded derivatives are common in physical commodity contracts and comprise a wide variety of derivative characteristics.
Changes in fair value of commodity contracts reflect unrealized gains or losses and are calculated as the difference between market price and contract price discounted to present value. Some commodity contracts are bilateral contracts or embedded derivatives in bilateral contracts, for which there exists no active market. Hence, valuation techniques which use available market information are used as much as possible. In the absence of observable market information, valuation techniques that reflect how the market could be expected to price instruments are used.
Our portfolio of commodity contracts consists mostly of physical energy contracts. Fair value of commodity contracts is therefore especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of embedded derivatives in physical contracts depends on price index fluctuations.
In April 2013, we signed a new long-term energy contract for the supply of electricity for our paper mill in Halden. The new energy contract secures an annual supply of 1.0 terawatt-hours ("TWh") up to December 2020. The agreement became effective on May 1, 2013. The contract ensures almost full energy coverage for the paper mill in Halden over the contract period. During 2013, we also terminated one of our long-term group energy contracts from 1998 that we used for energy supply in Southern Norway.
In September 2015, we entered into a contract with Nord-Trandelag Elektrisitetsverk ("NTE") providing for the supply of 0.4TWh per year of electricity to our Skogn mill until December 31, 2016. The contract replaces the agreement with NTE signed in 2012. The new agreement with NTE will, together with the agreement that was signed with Statkraft in 2011, secure the Skogn mill sufficient energy for the full operations of the plant.
