In April 2013, we signed a new long-term energy contract for the supply of electricity for our paper mill in Halden. The new energy contract secures an annual supply of 1.0 terawatt-hours ("TWh") up to December 2020. The agreement became effective on May 1, 2013. The contract ensures almost full energy coverage for the paper mill in Halden over the contract period. During 2013, we also terminated one of our long-term group energy contracts from 1998 that we used for energy supply in Southern Norway.
67
Credit risk
We make a credit evaluation of all financial trading counterparties. Based on the evaluation, a limit on credit exposure is established for each counterparty. These limits are monitored continuously in relation to unrealized profit on financial instruments and placements. The maximum credit risk arising from financial instruments is represented by the carrying amount of financial assets on our balance sheet. This includes derivatives with positive market value except for embedded derivatives. Embedded derivatives are not subjected to credit risk, as there are no future cash flows associated with such derivatives.
We trade with a group of large Nordic and international banks which are publicly rated in the interval from AAto A - (unchanged from 2012). The credit risk on deposits and derivative transactions is spread across theses banks.
Our procedures for credit management of European trade receivables, and the authority to approve credit lines to customers of European business units, are regulated by a policy drafted and maintained by a centralized credit management function at our head office. The operational responsibility to act within the guidelines as set out by this policy lies with each business unit. For operations outside of Europe, customer credit management is handled locally.
Critical Accounting Policies
Our principal accounting policies are described in more detail in note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, though actual results and timing could differ from the estimates.
On January 1, 2015, the Parent changed its accounting principles with respect to embedded derivatives in energy contracts in Norway. As a result, we stated the items impacted by this change in our accounting principles and included some of them in this exchange offer and solicitation memorandum, see "Summary Consolidated and Other Financial Data".
