Our principal accounting policies are described in more detail in note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 included elsewhere in this offering memorandum. The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, though actual results and timing could differ from the estimates.
Management believes that the accounting policies below represent those matters requiring the exercise of judgment where a different opinion could result in the greatest changes to reported results.
Estimated decline in value o f intangible assets andproperty, plant and equipment ("PPE")
We perform periodic tests to assess whether there has been a decline in the value of intangible assets and tangible fixed assets. Tangible fixed assets and intangible assets are written down to their recoverable amount when the recoverable amount is lower than the assets carrying value. The recoverable amount from assets or cash-generating units is determined by calculating the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash-generating unit. Calculation of value in use requires use of estimates.
The capitalized value of intangible assets and PPE within the cash- generating units is measured against the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within these units. A possible future change in the composition of our cash-generating units could mean changes in the value in use within cash-generating units, which could, in turn, mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and tangible fixed assets.
Calculating the value in use of intangible assets and PPE within the cash-generating units is based on estimated discounted cash flows. The cash flow horizon in the impairment model is consistent with the useful life of each paper machine in the group. The board-approved operating plan for the next year forms the basis for calculating expected cash flows. In the impairment testing, sales prices are assumed to exhibit a decline in real terms and variable costs are assumed to decline in real terms, with lower demand for input factors due to a shrinking industry.
The estimation of recoverable amount is based on assumptions regarding the future development of several factors. These include price development for finished goods, sales volumes, currency rates and interest rates. This means that there will be uncertainty when it comes to the outcome of the calculations. We perform sensitivity analyses using the variables mentioned above to predict how fluctuations will impact recoverable amount. In relation to the assumptions made in the calculation of the present value of future cash flows, recoverable amount is most sensitive to changes in prices of finished goods, sales volumes and the discount rate used. Changes in these factors will have the effect of altering the value of cash flows and thereby also the value in use within the cash-generating units. Significant changes in prognoses and long-term prices could accordingly mean a future fall in the value of intangible assets and tangible fixed assets.
68
The required rate of return applied when discounting future cash flows is crucial for the calculated value of intangible assets and PPE. A future increase in the required return when discounting future cash flows will reduce value in use and could, in turn, mean a future decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE.
