Provisionfor future environmental obligations
Provisions for environmental restoration, dismantling costs, restructuring activities and legal claims are recognized when we have a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; an outflow of resources is more likely than not to be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
Where a number of similar obligations exist, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognized within financial items.
As of December 31, 2014, we had a provision for future environmental obligations of NOK 211 million which are presented on our balance sheet as other non-current liabilities.
Residual value and dismantlingprovision
The residual value of our production equipment is valued as the anticipated realizable value on our balance sheet date, after deducting the estimated costs relating to asset dismantling, removal and restoration. If the estimated costs exceed the estimated residual values, the net liability is added to the fixed asset cost in our balance sheet and a provision is recognized as a liability. We perform a review of the residual value of our production equipment at the end of each accounting year. Residual value is affected by short-term changes in the underlying assumptions, for example scrap metal prices. A change in the residual value could have an impact on future depreciation costs. The provision for dismantling costs is based on a number of assumptions made using management's best judgment.
Pensions
The present value of the pension obligation depends on several input factors that are determined by means of a number of actuarial assumptions. The assumptions used in calculating the net pension expense (income) includes the discount rate. Changes in these assumptions will affect the carrying value of the pension obligation.
