Extraordinary General Meeting
The following is a brief biography of each member of the Board:
Jon-Aksel Torgersen
Jon-Aksel Torgersen has served as the chairman of our Board of Directors since April 2015, and as a member of our Board of Directors since 2012. Since 1992, Mr. Torgersen has held the position of Chief Executive Officer of Astrup Fearnley AS, and since 2001, the position of Chief Executive Officer of Vergjedalsbruket AS (merged with Astrup Fearnley AS in December 2014, with Mr. Torgersen as Chief Executive Officer). Mr. Torgersen currently serves as chairman of the board of Atlantic Container Line AB, Fearnleys Asia Singapore PTE. LTD., Rodskog Shipbrokers LTD., Finnlines Plc, Fearnley Offshore AS, Fearnley Offshore Supply AS, Fearnley Securities AS, Fearnley Finans AS, Libra Fearnley Energy A/S, Fearngas PTE. LTD (Singapore) and Fiducia AS, and as a board member of Fearnleys AS, I.M. Skaugen SE, Awilco LNG, AS Meraker Brug, Fearnley Advisors AS, Investment Committee Transportation Recovery Fund and Foundation Thomas Fearnley, Heddy and Nils Astrup. Mr. Torgersen graduated from the University of St. Gallen (Switzerland) in 1975 with a Master of Business Administration.
Siri Beate Hatlen
Siri Beate Hatlen has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2012. Ms. Hatlen previously held positions as Chief Executive Officer of Oslo University Hospital from 2009 to 2011 and Executive Vice President of Statkraft AS from 2007 to 2009. Ms. Hatlen currently serves as chair of the board of Entra ASA, Sevan Marine ASA, Youth Olympics Lillehammer 2016, The Norwegian Board of Technology, Norwegian University of Life Science and DNT Oslo&Omegn and as a board member of Eksportkreditt Norge AS, Nye Veier AS, Norwegian Glacier Museum and Nobel Peace Center. Ms. Hatlen graduated from NTH (now NTNU, Norway) with a Master of Process Engineering in 1980 and received an MBA from INSEAD (France) in 1991.
Eilif Due
Eilif Due has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2012. Mr. Due previously held positions in various North Sea oil platform projects. Mr. Due currently serves as chairman of the board of Allskog SA, Hoff SA and as board member of Arcus AS, Vectura AS and of Norsk Landbrukssamvirke (the Norwegian agricultural co-operative). Mr. Due graduated from NTH (now NTNU, Norway) with a Master of Science in 1977 and from the Norwegian Business School (BI, Norway) with a foundation program in business administration in 1982.
70
