Eilif Due has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2012. Mr. Due previously held positions in various North Sea oil platform projects. Mr. Due currently serves as chairman of the board of Allskog SA, Hoff SA and as board member of Arcus AS, Vectura AS and of Norsk Landbrukssamvirke (the Norwegian agricultural co-operative). Mr. Due graduated from NTH (now NTNU, Norway) with a Master of Science in 1977 and from the Norwegian Business School (BI, Norway) with a foundation program in business administration in 1982.
Karin Bing Orgland
Karin Bing Orgland has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2014. Ms. Orgland currently serves as chairman of the board of the Norwegian Export Credit Guarantee Agency (GIEK) and Røisheim Hotell AS. Ms. Orgland currently also serves as a board member of Storebrand ASA, KID ASA, Grieg Seafood ASA, HAV Eiendom AS (and subsidiaries), INI A/S, Røisheim Eiendom AS, Visit Jotunheimen AS and Berghammeren AS. She served as the chairman of the board of DnB Finans AS from 2007 to 2011 and as a member of the board of DnB Liv/Vital ASA from 2011 to 2013 and Norwegian Finans Holding from 2014 to 2015. Ms. Orgland was employed by DNB from 1985 to 2013 and held different management positions within the DNB group, including the position as Group Executive Vice President with the responsibility for Retail Banking (including Personal and Corporate Banking) from 2009 to 2013. Ms. Orgland graduated from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH, Norway) in 1982 with a Master of Business Administration.
Ole Enger
Ole Enger has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2015. Mr. Enger has served as chairman and board member of several listed companies in Norway and abroad. Mr. Enger previously has been CEO of Elkem ASA, SAPA AB and Renewable Energy Corporation ASA (REC). Mr. Enger graduated from the Norwegian University of Life Sciences in 1972 with a Master of Science and from the Norwegian School of Economics (Bergen, Norway) in 1982 with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration.
Paul Kristiansen
Paul Kristiansen has served as an employee representative on our Board of Directors since 2009 and on the board of Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS since 2011. Mr. Kristiansen serves as the chairman of the Issuer's Saugbrugs Works Council, Norwegian Work Council and European Works Council and a member of the Parent's Global Works Council. Mr. Kristiansen is a member of the section council of the Norwegian United Federation of Trade Unions. Mr. Kristiansen also serves as a municipal council member in Halden municipal (Labour Party) and as a member of the board of the pension fund for Halden municipal.
Svein Erik Veie
Svein Erik Veie has served as an employee representative on our Board of Directors since 2010 and of the Board of Directors of Norske Skog Skogn AS since 2011. Mr. Veie has been employed in various positions at Norske Skog Skogn AS from 1996 to 2008. Mr. Veie currently serves as Norske Skog Skogn AS' employee representative for the members of the labor union Fellesforbundet, and is also a member of the central union board. Mr. Veie has since 2011 served as a municipal council member in Levanger municipal (Labour Party) and the plan and development committee in Levanger municipal. Mr. Veie currently is a board member of Innherred renovasjon and a board member of the Labour Party in Nord Trøndelag.
