Official trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange takes place betw een 09:00 hours (CET) and 16:20 hours (CET) each trading day, w ith pre-trade period betw een 08:15 hours (CET) and 09:00 hours (CET), closing auction from 16:20 hours (CET) to 16:25 hours (CET) and a post trade period from 16:25 hours (CET) to 17:30 hours (CET). Reporting o f after exchange trades can be done until 17:30 hours (CET).
The settlement period for trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange is two trading days (T+2). This means that securities w ill be settled o n the investor's account in V PS tw o days after the transaction, and th at the seller w ill receive payment after two days.
Oslo Clearing ASA, a wholly-owned subsidiary o f SIX x-clear AG, a company in the SIX group, has a license from the N orw egian F S A to act as a central clearing service, and has fro m 18 June 2010 offered clearing and counterparty services for equity trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
Investment services in Norway may only be provided by Norwegian investment firm s holding a license under the Norw egian Securities Trading Act, branches o f investment firms from an EEA m em ber state or investm ent firms from outside the EEA that have been licensed to operate in Norway. Investm ent firm s in an EEA m em ber state may also provide cross-border investment services into Norway.
It is possible for investment firms to undertake market-making activities in shares listed in Norway if they have a license to this effect under the N orw egian Securities Trading Act, or in the case o f investm ent firms in an EEA mem ber state, a license to carry out m arket-m aking activities in their home jurisdiction. Such m arket-m aking activities will be governed by the regulations o f the N orw egian Securities Trading Act relating to brokers' trading for their ow n account. However, such market-making activities do not as such require notification to the N orw egian FSA or the Oslo Stock Exchange except for the general obligation o f investm ent firms that are members o f the Oslo Stock Exchange to report all trades in stock exchange listed securities.
Information, control and surveillance
U nder N orw egian law, the Oslo Stock Exchange is required to perform a num ber o f surveillance and control functions. The Surveillance and Corporate Control unit of the Oslo Stock Exchange monitors all m arket activity on a continuous basis. M arket surveillance systems are largely automated, promptly warning department personnel o f abnormal market developments.
The Norwegian FSA controls the issuance o f securities in both the equity and bond markets in Norway and evaluates w hether the issuance docum entation contains the required inform ation and w hether it would otherwise be unlawful to carry out the issuance.
U nder Norwegian law, a company that is listed on a Norwegian regulated market, or has applied for listing on such market, m ust prom ptly release any inside inform ation directly concerning the company (i.e., precise inform ation about financial instruments, the issuer thereof or other matters w hich are likely to have a significant effect on the price o f the relevant financial instruments or related financial instruments, and which are not publicly available or commonly know n in the market). A company may, however, delay the release o f such inform ation in order not to prejudice its legitimate interests, provided that it is able to ensure the confidentiality o f the inform ation and that the delayed release would not be likely to m islead the public. The Oslo Stock Exchange may levy fines on com panies that violate these requirem ents.
