The Norwegian FSA controls the issuance o f securities in both the equity and bond markets in Norway and evaluates w hether the issuance docum entation contains the required inform ation and w hether it would otherwise be unlawful to carry out the issuance.
The VPS and transfer of Shares
The P arent's principal share register is operated through the V PS. The VPS is the N orw egian paperless centralised securities register. It is a com puterised book-keeping system in which the ownership of, and all transactions relating to, Norwegian listed shares must be recorded. The VPS and the Oslo Stock Exchange are both wholly-owned by Oslo Børs VPS Holding ASA.
All transactions relating to securities registered with the VPS are made through com puterised book entries. No physical share certificates are, or may be, issued. The VPS confirms each entry by sending a transcript to the registered shareholder irrespective o f any beneficial ownership. To give effect to such entries, the individual shareholder must establish a share account w ith a N orw egian account agent. N o rw eg ian banks, N orges B ank (N orw ay's central bank), authorised securities brokers in Norway and Norwegian branches o f credit institutions established within the EEA are allowed to act as account agents.
As a m atter o f Norwegian law, the entry o f a transaction in the VPS is prima facie evidence in determining the legal rights o f parties as against the issuing company or any third-party claim ing an interest in the given security. A transferee or assignee o f shares may not exercise the rights o f a shareholder with respect to such shares unless such transferee or assignee has registered such shareholding or has reported and shown evidence of such share acquisition, and the acquisition is not prevented by law, the relevant co m pany's articles o f association o r otherw ise.
The VPS is liable for any loss suffered as a result o f faulty registration or an am endm ent to, or deletion of, rights in respect o f registered securities unless the error is caused by matters outside the V PS' control w hich the VPS could not
78
reasonably be expected to avoid or overcome the consequences of. Dam ages payable by the VPS may, however, be reduced in the event o f contributory negligence by the aggrieved party.
The VPS must provide inform ation to the N orw egian FSA on an ongoing basis, as well as any inform ation that the Norwegian FSA requests. Further, Norwegian tax authorities may require certain inform ation from the VPS regarding any individual's holdings o f securities, including inform ation about dividends and interest paym ents.
