reasonably be expected to avoid or overcome the consequences of. Dam ages payable by the VPS may, however, be reduced in the event o f contributory negligence by the aggrieved party.
Shareholder register
U nder N orw egian law, shares are registered in the name o f the beneficial ow ner o f the shares. As a general rule, there are no arrangem ents for nominee registration and N orw egian shareholders are not allowed to register their shares in VPS through a nominee. However, foreign shareholders may register their shares in the VPS in the name o f a nominee (bank or other nominee) approved by the N orw egian FSA. An approved and registered nominee has a duty to provide inform ation on demand about beneficial shareholders to the company and to the Norwegian authorities. In case of registration by nominees, the registration in the VPS m ust show that the registered ow ner is a nominee. A registered nominee has the right to receive dividends and other distributions, but cannot vote in general meetings on behalf o f the beneficial owners.
Foreign investment in shares listed in Norway
Foreign investors may trade shares listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange through any broker that is a m em ber o f the Oslo Stock Exchange, whether Norwegian or foreign.
Disclosure obligations
I f a p erso n 's, e n tity 's o r consolidated gro u p 's prop o rtio n o f the total issued shares and/or rights to shares in a company listed on a regulated m arket in Norway (with Norway as its home state, which will be the case for the Parent) reaches, exceeds or falls below the respective thresholds o f 5%, 10%, 15%, 20% , 25%, 1/3, 50% , 2/3 or 90% o f the share capital or the voting rights o f that company, the person, entity or group in question has an obligation under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act to notify the Oslo Stock Exchange and the issuer immediately. The same applies if the disclosure thresholds are passed due to other circum stances, such as a change in the co m pany's share capital.
Insider trading
According to N orw egian law, subscription for, purchase, sale or exchange o f financial instrum ents that are listed, or subject to the application for listing, on a N orw egian regulated market, or incitement to such dispositions, must not be undertaken by anyone who has inside information, as defined in Section 3-2 o f the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. The same applies to the entry into, purchase, sale or exchange o f options or futures/forward contracts or equivalent rights whose value is connected to such financial instrum ents or incitem ent to such dispositions.
