Insider trading
Mandatory offer requirement
The Norwegian Securities Trading Act requires any person, entity or consolidated group that becomes the owner of shares representing more than one-third o f the voting rights of a company listed on a Norwegian regulated market (with the exception o f certain foreign companies) to, within four weeks, make an unconditional general offer for the purchase o f the rem aining shares in that company. A mandatory offer obligation may also be triggered where a party acquires the right to becom e the ow ner o f shares that, to g eth er w ith the p arty 's ow n shareholding, represent m ore th an one-third o f the voting rights in the company and the Oslo Stock Exchange decides that this is regarded as an effective acquisition o f the shares in question.
The mandatory offer obligation ceases to apply if the person, entity or consolidated group sells the portion o f the shares that exceeds the relevant threshold within four weeks o f the date on which the mandatory offer obligation was triggered.
W hen a mandatory offer obligation is triggered, the person subject to the obligation is required to immediately notify the Oslo Stock Exchange and the com pany in question accordingly. The notification is required to state w hether an offer will be made to acquire the rem aining shares in the company or whether a sale will take place. As a rule, a notification to the effect that an offer will be made cannot be retracted. The offer and the offer document required are subject to approval by the Oslo Stock Exchange before the offer is submitted to the shareholders or made public.
The offer price per share must be at least as high as the highest price paid or agreed by the offeror (or a consolidated party) for the shares in the six-month period prior to the date the threshold was exceeded. If the acquirer acquires or agrees to acquire additional shares at a higher price prior to the expiration o f the mandatory offer period, the
79
acquirer is obliged to restate its offer at such higher price. A mandatory offer m ust be in cash or contain a cash alternative at least equivalent to any other consideration offered.
In case o f failure to make a mandatory offer or to sell the portion o f the shares that exceeds the relevant threshold w ithin four weeks, the Oslo Stock Exchange may force the acquirer to sell the shares exceeding the threshold by public auction. M oreover, a shareholder who fails to make an offer may not, as long as the m andatory offer obligation remains in force, exercise rights in the company, such as voting in a general meeting, without the consent o f a majority of the rem aining shareholders. The shareholder may, however, exercise its rights to dividends and pre-em ption rights in the event o f a share capital increase. If the shareholder neglects its duty to make a mandatory offer, the Oslo Stock Exchange may impose a cumulative daily fine that runs until the circumstance has been rectified.
