Should any minority shareholder not accept the offered price, such minority shareholder may, within a specified deadline o f not less than two months, request that the price be set by a N orw egian court. The cost o f such court procedure will, as a general rule, be the responsibility o f the majority shareholder, and the relevant court will have full discretion in determining the consideration to be paid to the minority shareholder as a result o f the compulsory acquisition.
Foreign exchange controls
There are currently no foreign exchange control restrictions in Norway that would potentially restrict the paym ent o f dividends to a shareholder outside Norway, and there are currently no restrictions that would affect the right
80
o f shareholders o f a company that has its shares registered w ith the VPS who are not residents in Norway to dispose of their shares and receive the proceeds from a disposal outside Norway. There is no m axim um transferable am ount either to or from Norway, although transferring banks are required to submit reports on foreign currency exchange transactions into and out o f Norway into a central data register maintained by the Norwegian customs and excise authorities. The Norwegian police, tax authorities, customs and excise authorities, the National Insurance Adm inistration and the N orw egian FSA have electronic access to the data in this register.
81
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS All transactions with related parties are conducted in accordance with the arm's length principle. For a description of related party transactions, please see note 26 to our 2014 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report (page 94) attached hereto as Exhibit I. Due to their level of ownership of the Parent's issued share capital and their proposed nomination of three new members to the Parent's Board of Directors, GSO and Cyrus may be deemed to be related parties of the Parent. See "Security Ownership o f Certain Beneficial Owners'". For a description of the material transactions that the Parent has engaged in, or expects to engage in, with GSO and Cyrus, see "Summary--The Transactions".
82
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS
