Each facility contains customary undertakings, subject in each case to certain customary exceptions and materiality thresholds, including, am ong others, restrictions on disposals o f assets, dividends, change o f business, loans and acquisitions, and restrictions on subsidiary indebtedness and guarantees. Each facility also restricts us and each of our subsidiaries from granting security over assets or revenue (negative pledge).
SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS Factoring Agreements
On November 25, 2013, each o f our subsidiaries Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS entered into separate factoring agreem ents w ith SpareBank 1 G ruppen Finans AS. The term s o f the two factoring agreements are identical. The factoring agreem ents expire on Novem ber 30, 2016; however, the parties may agree to prolong the term o f the agreements.
Pursuant to the factoring agreem ents, each o f the subsidiaries is obliged, during the term o f the applicable factoring agreement, to immediately and continually (on a daily basis) transfer any and all eligible receivables (as specified in each o f the factoring agreements) to SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS. The factoring agreements are entered into on a lim ited recourse basis, w hich means that SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS will only have the right to seek recovery under the receivables transferred to SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS from tim e to time during the term o f the factoring agreements, and will not have the right to recover directly from Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS, respectively, or any o f their assets, w ith respect to any outstanding credit owed under the purchased receivables.
All receivables (present and future) subject to the factoring agreements are assigned to SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS as security for any breach o f any o f the representations and warranties provided by Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS, respectively, under the factoring agreements. In this regard, floating charges o f trade receivables have been registered w ith the Norwegian Register o f M ortgaged M ovable Property in the amount of NOK 250 million in respect o f Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS. Additionally, the service accounts for the receivables under the factoring arrangements are pledged to, and blocked in favor of, SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS.
The maxim um overall factoring am ount under each factoring agreem ent is NOK 250 million. Outstanding amounts at any given time reflect the sum of all advances (financing) paid out by SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS for outstanding receivables due to the respective participating subsidiary as well as any payable debits credited to such subsidiaries' account made by SpareBank 1 Gruppen Finans AS.
The factoring agreements will be repaid and discharged in connection w ith the Transactions.
83
Norwegian Receivables Facility
