83
As part o f the Transactions, GSO and Cyrus have com m itted to provide to Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS a new NOK 250 m illion receivables facility, w hich will be effective and funded on the Settlement Date. The proceeds from the Norwegian Receivables Facility will be used to repay and discharge the existing Sparebank 1 Gruppen Finans AS factoring agreem ents and to repay the fees and expenses associated w ith the new facility, including a com m itm ent fee o f 1.0%.
The Norwegian Receivables Facility will be non-recourse to the Group and secured by a first-priority pledge over the receivables of Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS and Norske Skog Skogn AS. The Facility will contain a loan-to-value covenant.
The Facility will mature in June 2018 and will bear interest o f 5.0% in cash plus, beginning nine months after the Settlement Date, 5.0% in PIK. The Facility may be repaid at the option of the borrowers at par plus accrued and unpaid interest, w ithout any prepaym ent penalty or break costs. The com m itm ents under the Facility can be transferred to institutional investors w ith the consent o f the Parent.
Credit Agricole Facility
O n April 11, 2014, Norske Skog Golbey S.A. entered into a non-recourse receivables factoring facility agreement w ith Credit Agricole Leasing & Factoring for a maxim um aggregate am ount o f 40 million. This factoring facility was extended for an initial period o f three years at an interest rate equal to three-m onth EURIBOR plus a margin. It is secured by a cash deposit equal at any time to 8% o f the outstanding am ount o f transferred receivables. The servicing o f the transferred receivables is undertaken by Norske Skog Golbey S.A.
This factoring facility contains customary undertakings and customary term ination events.
Eurofactor AG Facilities
O n Septem ber 8, 2014, Norske Skog B ruck GmbH entered into a non-recourse silent factoring agreem ent w ith Eurofactor AG. The term o f the factoring agreement ends on April 30, 2017, w ith automatic prolongation for an indefinite period o f time in case no notice is given until O ctober 31, 2016.
