(2)
under its factoring arrangem ents w ith Bibby Financial Services.
F ollow ing the repaym ent o f the loans outstanding u n d er N orske Skog P ap er M ills (A ustralia) L im ite d 's L oan Agreem ent w ith the State o f Tasmania, w hich are scheduled to mature in January 2017, the Senior Secured Notes provide that we will cause the Senior Secured Notes or the guarantees o f the Senior Secured Notes to be secured by a first-ranking security interest in the land and standing tim ber stock in Tasmania owned by Norske Skog Paper Mills (Australia) Limited, w hich is presently charged to the State o f Tasm ania to secure am ounts outstanding under the existing charge and loan agreem ent. See "-- Tasm anian G overnm ent L o a n '".
Subject to certain conditions and compliance w ith certain covenants in the Senior Secured Notes, the Parent, Norske Treindustrier AS, Norske Skog AS and their Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Senior Secured Notes) are perm itted to grant security over the above m entioned collateral in connection w ith future issuances o f indebtedness, including additional Senior Secured Notes (as defined in the Senior Secured Notes), as perm itted under the Senior Secured Notes.
The terms and conditions o f the Senior Secured Notes are governed by New Y ork law. The Senior Secured Notes contain certain covenants, subject in each case to certain customary exceptions, including a lim itation on liens, a lim itation on sale and leaseback transactions and restrictions on consolidation, m erger or sale. The Senior Secured Notes also contain customary events o f default, w ith customary exceptions and certain materiality thresholds.
The Senior Secured Notes provide that the we may, at our option, redeem the Senior Secured Notes prior to their scheduled maturity date. Additionally, we may also redeem the Senior Secured Notes for certain tax reasons at their principal am ount plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Senior Secured Notes may be purchased by us or by any o f our affiliates in the open market.
The Senior Secured Notes are listed on the Official List o f the Luxem bourg Stock Exchange and adm itted to trading on the Euro M TF M arket thereof.
86
7.125% Senior Notes due October 2033
