O n February 20, 2015, Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Lim ited entered into an invoice discounting facility
(A ustralasia) Pty L im ited 's receivables attributable to its V antage business w ill b e sold to B ibby (w hich sale w ill be perm itted under the term s o f the General Security D eed to be granted in respect o f the Senior Secured Notes). The initial funding lim it has been set at AU$9.5 million. U nder the term s o f the offer, Bibby w ill provide an initial paym ent o f up to 85% o f approved debtors. To secure certain o f N orske Skog (A ustralasia) L im ite d 's obligations u n d er the docum entation, it is proposed that Norske Skog (Australasia) Lim ited provides a first-ranking security over the rem ainder o f its present and future receivables. Such obligations will be primarily obligations arising as a result of a breach of warranty or undertaking by Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty Lim ited in relation to the receivables. Norske Skog Industries Australia Limited will also grant a limited guarantee. Norske Skog (Australasia) Lim ited has paid the application fee and returned a signed copy o f the offer to Bibby to indicate its acceptance o f the terms set forth in the offer.
The Senior Secured Notes are secured by a second-ranking security interest over Norske Skog (Australasia) Pty L im ited 's non-V antage receivables w hich are subject to prior-ranking security u nder the factoring arrangem ents.
Performance Obligations
Certain o f the Australian Guarantors have also entered into a num ber o f agreements w hich (while not strictly creating financial indebtedness) impose certain performance obligations. These include guarantees in respect o f payment obligations under delivery contracts, minimum supply obligations in respect o f paper products supplied to certain of their customers and an obligation to continue to operate the converted magazine paper machine at the Boyer mill for a period o f two years following the com pletion o f the machine conversion in 2013.
Intercreditor Agreement
General
To establish the relative rights o f certain o f our creditors under our financing arrangements, including the Senior Secured Notes and the Senior Subordinated Notes, the Parent and the Subsidiary Guarantors (among others) entered into the Intercreditor Agreement dated as o f July 24, 2015.
The 2016 Notes, the 2017 Notes and the 2033 Notes are not subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and the Exchange Notes will not be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement.
