Provided the Parent delivers the Exchange Notes, and makes, or has made on its behalf, full payment of any 2016 Notes Accrued Interest Payments for all Relevant 2016/2017 Notes accepted for exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offers to the relevant Clearing System, on or prior to the Settlement Date, under no circumstances will any additional distribution or interest be payable to a Holder because of any delay in the delivery of the Exchange Notes by, or transmission of funds from, the relevant Clearing System or any other intermediary with respect to such Relevant 2016/2017 Notes of that Holder.
The submission of an Exchange Instruction will also automatically constitute with respect to the 2017 Notes an instruction appointing the Exchange and Tabulation Agent (or its nominee) as proxy to attend the Meeting in respect of the 2017 Notes (including any adjournment thereof) and vote in favor of the Extraordinary Resolution in respect of such 2017 Notes.
It will not be possible to validly offer for exchange any 2017 Notes in the 2017 Notes Exchange Offer without at the same time providing consent in connection with the Consent Solicitations for the 2017 Notes.
122
Subscriptionfor Ordinary Shares
Holders o f the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes that desire to elect to subscribe for Ordinary Shares o f the Parent must tender their R elevant 2016/2017 Notes in the Exchange Offers in order to be eligible to do so, and may only subscribe for up to their pro rata share o f the aggregate am ount o f Ordinary Shares available for subscription, as determ ined using the applicable Exchange Ratio at a price o f NO K 2.24 per share (rounded dow n to the nearest whole num ber o f Ordinary Shares). Electing Holders must subscribe for at least 100,000 o f Ordinary Shares. Holders whose allocation o f Equity Subscription Rights is less than 100,000 will not be eligible to subscribe for Ordinary Shares. Eligible Holders may combine their holdings o f 2016 Notes and 2017 Notes in order to subscribe for Ordinary Shares. Holders may also combine different holdings o f the same series o f the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes. Eligible Holders must indicate on their Exchange Instructions their election to subscribe for Ordinary Shares.
Electing Holders must request further docum entation from the Exchange and Tabulation A gent in order to complete their subscription election and will be required to deposit the subscription price for the Ordinary Shares to a specified bank account in Norway prior to the Expiration Date. D elivery o f the Ordinary Shares to Electing Holders is expected to occur on or about the Equity Settlement Date. Subscriptions m ust be in a m inim um am ount o f 100,000 equivalent. Electing Holders must provide such other information or complete such other documentation required by the Parent (or its agents) in order to complete the subscription and be issued Ordinary Shares.
The right for Holders to elect to subscribe for Ordinary Shares is not transferable to any other party. If as o f the Expiration Deadline, the Parent has not received paid subscriptions for 10.0 million of Ordinary Shares, the Parent reserves the right to place the remaining Ordinary Shares w ith other Holders of the 2016/2017 Notes or other investors in its sole discretion. The right to elect to subscribe for Ordinary Shares will not be available to N on-Participating Holders o f the 2017 Notes. If on the Equity Settlem ent D ate a listing prospectus for the O rdinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Exchange Offers has not been approved, then those Ordinary Shares will be delivered as non-listed shares on an ISIN separate from existing Ordinary Shares pending com pletion and approval o f the listing prospectus.
Announcement o f Results o f the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations
