Any notice o f redem ption will specify, in the case o f partial redemption, the ISINs and Com m on Codes of the Notes called for redemption. Any partial redem ption o f the Notes shall be made on a pro rata basis as determ ined by the Issuer.
(d) [R eserved]
(e) No o th e r R edem ption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in paragraphs (a) (Scheduled redemption), (b) (Redemption fo r tax reasons) and (c) (Redemption at the option o f the Issuer) above.
(f) P u rch ase: The Issuer o r any o f its Subsidiaries may at any tim e purchase N otes in the open m arket or otherwise and at any price. Any Notes so purchased may be held, re-sold, or, at the option o f the holder, surrendered to the Fiscal Agent fo r cancellation.
(g) C ancellation: All Notes (i) redeem ed pursuant to paragraphs (a) (Scheduled redemption), (b) (Redemption fo r tax reasons) and (c) (R edem ption a t the option o f the Issu er), o r (ii) surrendered fo r cancellation to the Fiscal A gent follow ing their purchase pursuant to paragraph (f) (Purchase) above, by the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.
163
8 Payments
(a) P rincipal: Paym ents o f principal (which for the avoidance o f doubt shall include any Additional Notes upon any redem ption pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase)) shall be made by Euro cheque drawn on, or by transfer to a Euro account (or other account to w hich Euro may be credited or transferred) m aintained by the holder (or to the first named in the case of joint holders) o f each Note shown on the Register at the close o f business on the fifteenth day before the due date for paym ent (the "R ecord D ate") with, a bank in a city in which banks have access to the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) system (the "T A R G E T System ") and subject to presentation and (provided that paym ent is made in full) surrender o f such Notes at the Specified Office o f any Paying Agent.
(b) Interest: Paym ents o f Cash Interest in respect o f the Notes will be paid to the persons shown on the Register at the close o f business on the relevant Record Date. Paym ents o f interest (where made in cash) will be made by Euro cheque drawn on a bank in London and mailed to the holder (or to the first-nam ed o f joint holders) o f each Note at his address appearing in the Register. U pon application by the holder to the specified office o f any P aying A gent not less th an 15 days before the due date fo r any paym ent o f interest in respect o f a N ote, such paym ent will be made by transfer to a Euro account m aintained by the payee w ith a bank in London. Paym ents o f PIK Interest made by the issue o f Additional Notes shall be paid to the persons shown on the R egister at the close o f business on the relevant Record Date and otherwise be effected as provided in Condition 6 (Interest).
