The Issuer may from tim e to time, w ithout the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes having the same term s and conditions as the N otes in all respects (or in all respects except fo r the first paym ent of interest) so as to form a single series w ith the Notes.
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if distributed to Noteholders via customary means for the distribution of electronic notices through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme. Any such notice shall be deem ed to have been given on the date of first publication.
17 Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order o r judgm ent given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in w hich the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgm ent into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose o f (a) m aking or filing a claim o r proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order o r judgm ent in any court o r other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgm ent given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such N oteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result o f any discrepancy betw een (i) the rate o f exchange used fo r such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such N oteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgm ent, claim or proof.
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action.
167
18 G o v e rn in g L a w a n d J u ris d ic tio n (a) G overning law: The Notes and all matters arising from or connected w ith the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. (b) English courts: The courts o f England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "D ispute") arising from or connected w ith the Notes. (c) A p p ro p riate forum : The Issuer agrees that the courts o f England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. (d) R ights of th e N oteholders to tak e proceedings outside E ngland: Condition 18(b) (English courts) is for the benefit o f the N oteholders only. A s a result, nothing in this C ondition 18 prevents any N o teholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts w ith jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any num ber o f jurisdictions. (e) Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the docum ents w hich start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Norske Skog (UK) Ltd. at B irchin Court, 20 B irchin Lane, London E C 3V 9DU or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address o f the Issuer in Great B ritain at w hich process may be served on it in accordance w ith Part X X III o f the Companies A ct 1985. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service o f process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the w ritten dem and of any N oteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in E ngland to accept service o f process o n its b eh alf and, failing such appointm ent w ith in 15 days, any N oteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by w ritten notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent. N othing in this Condition 18(e) shall affect the right o f any N oteholder to serve process in any other m anner perm itted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. (f) C o n sen t to enforcem ent, etc.: The Issuer consents generally in respect o f any final unappealable judgm ent in any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection w ith such Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgm ent which is made or given in such Proceedings. (g) W aiver o f im m unity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself o r its assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachm ent (whether in aid of execution, before judgm ent or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent perm itted by the laws of such jurisdiction.
168
TERM S AND CONDITIONS O F TH E EXCHANGE NOTES DUE 2026
