168
The follow ing is the text o f the Terms and Conditions o f the Notes which (subject to completion and amendment) will be endorsed on each Note in definitive fo rm :
The expected 3.50 per cent. cash interest/3.50 per cent. PIK interest Notes due 30 D ecem ber 2026 (the "N otes", w hich expression includes any further notes issued pursuant to C ondition 6 (Interest) o r C ondition 15 (Further Issues) and form ing a single series therewith) o f Norske Skogindustrier ASA (the "Issu er") are the subject o f a fiscal agency agreem ent to be dated 9 February 2016 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "A gency A greem ent") betw een the Issuer, Citibank N.A. as fiscal agent (the "F iscal A gent", w hich expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from tim e to time in connection w ith the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together w ith the Fiscal Agent, the "P aying A gents", w hich expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to tim e in connection w ith the Notes). Certain provisions o f these Conditions are summaries o f the Agency Agreem ent and subject to its detailed provisions. The holders o f the Notes (the "N oteholders") are bound by, and are deem ed to have received notice of, all the provisions o f the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies o f the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices (as defined in the Agency Agreement) o f each o f the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices o f w hich are set out below.
1 F o rm , D enom ination an d T itle
(a) Form and denomination
The Notes are serially num bered and in registered form and in denom inations o f EU R 100,000 and integral m ultiples o f E U R 1.00 in excess thereof, w ithout coupons attached.
(b) Title
Title to the Notes will pass by registration in the register (the "R egister") w hich the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the registrar (the "R e g istra r") who on the Issue Date shall be a Paying A gent nam ed in the Agency Agreement and who will keep the register at its specified office in the U nited Kingdom. Each Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law or as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction) be treated as the absolute ow ner o f the relevant Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless o f any notice o f ownership, trust or any interest in it or its theft or loss or anything w ritten on it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Noteholder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition o f the Notes under the Contracts (Rights o f Third Parties) Act 1999.
(c) Transfer o f Notes
