The offer to exchange the 2016 Notes for the consideration set forth herein is referred to as the "2016 Notes Exchange Offer" and the offer to exchange the 2017 Notes for the consideration set forth herein is referred to as the "2017 Notes Exchange Offer" (the 2016 Notes Exchange Offer and the 2017 Notes Exchange Offer are collectively referred to as the "Exchange Offers"). In conjunction with the Exchange Offers, the Parent is seeking approval from Holders of the 2017 Notes to consent to certain amendments to the 2017 Notes (the "Consent Solicitations"). Completion of the Exchange Offers is contingent upon completion of the Consent Solicitations, and completion of the Consent Solicitations is contingent upon completion of the Exchange Offers.
The completion of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations is subject to, and conditioned upon, among other things: (i) at least 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2016 Notes outstanding and at least 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Notes outstanding are validly offered by Eligible Holders in the Exchange Offers, (ii) the requisite majority of Eligible Holders of the 2017 Notes pass the Extraordinary Resolution (as defined herein) in respect of the 2017 Notes, (iii) Holders of the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes subscribe for not less than 10.0 million of the Parent's Ordinary Shares, (iv) the effectiveness of, and initial funding under, the Norwegian Receivables Facility and (v) certain other conditions set forth under "Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations--Conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations'". The Parent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to waive any or all of the conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations at any time prior to or following the Expiration Deadline. The Parent further reserves the right to decrease or waive the minimum tender condition in its sole discretion without providing for an extension of the duration of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.
The Parent reserves the right to re-open the Exchange Offers (or to make a subsequent exchange offer to certain Eligible Holders) following the Expiration Deadline. Relevant 2016/2017 Notes may not be withdrawn and consents revoked in the event that the Exchange Offers are re-opened (or a subsequent exchange offer is made). The Parent undertakes that if the Extraordinary Resolution in respect of the 2017 Notes is passed, then it will allow, for a period of 10 Business Days, any Specified Eligible Holder who did not participate in the Exchange Offer (each, a "Non Participating Holder") to tender their 2017 Notes in exchange for the 2017 Notes Exchange Offer Consideration that would have been payable to such Non-Participating Holder on the Settlement Date had such Non-Participating Holder validly tendered their 2017 Notes for exchange prior to the Expiration Deadline (but not elected to subscribe in cash for Ordinary Shares). The Parent will not give effect to the 2017 Notes Proposals (other than the Maturity Extension (as defined below) which will occur on the Settlement Date) until after the settlement of any exchanges of relevant Non Participating Holders' 2017 Notes. Following any reopening of the Exchange Offer relating to the 2017 Notes for Non Participating Holders, any participating Holders of the 2017 Notes will be further entitled to receive on or promptly following the Final Settlement Date, the Residual 2017 Exchange Notes Consideration (as defined below).
The QSF Exchange Notes will bear interest in cash at a rate of 6.0% and in PIK interest at a rate of 6.0% (by increasing the principal amount of the QSF Exchange Notes or by issuing QSF Exchange Notes in a principal amount equal to such interest) and will mature on December 30, 2026. The QSF Exchange Notes will be non-recourse obligations of the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer, will be guaranteed by the Parent and will be secured by certain Norwegian receivables and inventory, French inventory and bank accounts. The Exchange Notes due 2019 will bear interest in cash at a rate of 5.875% and in PIK interest at a rate of 5.875% (by increasing the principal amount of the Exchange Notes due 2019 or by issuing Exchange Notes due 2019 in a principal amount equal to such interest) and will mature on June 15, 2019. The Exchange Notes due 2026 will bear interest in cash at a rate of 3.50% and in PIK interest at a rate of 3.50% (by increasing the principal amount of the Exchange Notes due 2026 or by issuing Exchange Notes due 2026 in a principal amount equal to such interest) and will mature on December 30, 2026. The Perpetual Notes will bear interest in cash at a rate of 2.0%, which cash interest can be deferred in whole or in part, and will mature on December 30, 2115. The Unsecured Exchange Notes will be unsecured and will not be guaranteed. Each series of the Exchange Notes is subject to redemption at the option of the Parent under certain conditions. See "Terms and Conditions o f the QSF Exchange Notes due 2026", "Terms and Conditions o fthe Exchange Notes due 2019", "Terms and Conditions o f the Exchange Notes due 2026" and "Terms and Conditions o f the Perpetual Notes".
Currently there is no public market for the Exchange Notes and the Parent does not intend to list the Exchange Notes on any stock exchange.
We expect the Exchange Notes to be delivered to investors in book-entry form on or about February 9, 2016. We expect the Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to the Equity Subscription Rights to be delivered to investors on or about February 29, 2016.
Investing in the Exchange Notes and Ordinary Shares involves risks. See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 30.
This exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum contains important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Exchange Offers or the Consent Solicitations. If any Holder is in any doubt as to the contents of this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum or the action it should take, it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice, including in respect of any tax consequences, immediately from its stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Relevant 2016/2017 Notes are held on its behalf by a broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company or other nominee must contact such entity if it wishes to offer Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offers or otherwise participate in the Consent Solicitations. None of Lucid Issuer Services Limited (the "Exchange and Tabulation Agent"), the Existing Notes Trustees, the Parent or the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer (or any of their respective directors, employees or
ii
