(B) shall expressly assume the due and punctual paym ent o f the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on all o f the Notes and the perform ance and observance o f every covenant o f the Notes, these Conditions and the Agency Agreement on the part o f the Issuer to be performed or observed;
(c) the Issuer or the Successor Entity shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent an officers' certificate and an opinion o f counsel, each stating that the consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition and, if required in connection w ith such transactions, an am endm ent to the Agency Agreement, comply w ith the applicable provisions of these Conditions and the Agency Agreement and that all conditions precedent in these Conditions relating to the transaction have been satisfied.
172
6 Interest
The Notes (which for the avoidance o f doubt shall include any Additional Notes) shall bear interest in cash (the "C ash In te re st") and paym ent-in-kind (the "P IK In te re st") from 9 February 2016 (the "Issue D ate") at the rate of: (a) 3.5 per cent. per annum in Cash Interest (the "C ash R a te o f In te re st"), and (b) 3.5 per cent. per annum in PIK Interest (the "P IK R ate of In te re st") payable semi-annually in arrears on 30 June and 30 D ecem ber o f each year, com m encing on 30 June 2016 and ending on 30 D ecem ber 2026 (each, an "In te re st P ay m e n t D ate"), subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments). Interest in respect o f any Note shall be calculated per EU R 1 in principal amount o f the Notes. The Issuer shall pay the PIK Interest by the issue o f additional notes (the "A dditional N otes") in a principal am ount equal to the P IK Interest (rounded dow n to the nearest E U R 1). E ach p eriod beginning on (and including) 9 February 2016 or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Paym ent Date is herein referred to as an "In terest P erio d ". Notwithstanding the above, interest payable on 30 Decem ber 2026 or upon early repayment o f the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(c) may only be paid in cash.
Interest in respect o f the Notes will accrue from day to day and shall cease to accrue from the due date for redem ption thereof unless, upon due presentation, paym ent o f the principal thereon is im properly withheld or refused in w hich event any overdue principal o f the Notes shall continue to bear interest at the Cash Rate o f Interest and the PIK Rate o f Interest, after as well as before any judgm ent, until whichever is the earlier o f (a) the day on which all sums due in respect o f such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf o f the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day w hich is seven days after the Fiscal A gent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect o f the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).
If interest is required to be calculated for any period other than any Interest Period, interest will be calculated on the basis o f the num ber of days in the relevant period divided by the number of days in the Interest Period.
7 R edem ption and P urchase
(a) Scheduled redem ption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their principal amount on 30 Decem ber 2026, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments).
