(d) [R eserved]
(f) P u rch ase: The Issuer o r any o f its Subsidiaries may at any tim e purchase N otes in the open m arket or otherwise and at any price. Any Notes so purchased may be held, re-sold, or, at the option o f the holder, surrendered to the Fiscal Agent fo r cancellation.
(g) C ancellation: All Notes (i) redeem ed pursuant to paragraphs (a) (Scheduled redemption), (b) (Redemption fo r tax reasons) and (c) (R edem ption a t the option o f the Issu er), o r (ii) surrendered fo r cancellation to the Fiscal A gent follow ing their purchase pursuant to paragraph (f) (Purchase) above, by the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.
174
8 P aym ents
(a) P rincipal: Paym ents o f principal (which for the avoidance o f doubt shall include any Additional Notes upon any redem ption pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase)) shall be made by Euro cheque drawn on, or by transfer to a Euro account (or other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) m aintained by the holder (or to the first named in the case of joint holders) o f each Note shown on the Register at the close o f business on the fifteenth day before the due date for paym ent (the "R ecord D ate") with, a bank in a city in which banks have access to the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) system (the "T A R G E T System ") and subject to presentation and (provided that paym ent is made in full) surrender o f such Notes at the Specified Office o f any Paying Agent.
(b) Interest: Paym ents o f Cash Interest in respect o f the Notes will be paid to the persons shown on the Register at the close o f business on the relevant Record Date. Paym ents of interest (where made in cash) will be made by Euro cheque drawn on a bank in London and mailed to the holder (or to the first-nam ed of joint holders) of each Note at his address appearing in the Register. U pon application by the holder to the specified office o f any P aying A gent not less th an 15 days before the due date fo r any paym ent o f interest in respect o f a N ote, such paym ent will be made by transfer to a Euro account m aintained by the payee with a bank in London. Paym ents o f PIK Interest made by the issue o f Additional Notes shall be paid to the persons shown on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date and otherwise be effected as provided in Condition 6 (Interest).
(c) P aym ents subject to fiscal laws: All paym ents in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of paym ent, but without prejudice to the provisions o f Condition 9 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.
(d) [R eserved]
