16 N o tices Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if distributed to Noteholders via customary means for the distribution of electronic notices through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V and Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme. Any such notice shall be deem ed to have been given on the date o f first publication.
178
18 G o v e rn in g L a w a n d J u ris d ic tio n
(a) G overning law: The Notes and all matters arising from or connected w ith the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.
(b) English courts: The courts o f England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "D ispute") arising from or connected w ith the Notes.
(c) A p p ro p riate forum : The Issuer agrees that the courts o f England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.
(d) R ights of th e N oteholders to ta k e proceedings outside E ngland: Condition 18(b) (English courts) is for the benefit o f the N oteholders only. A s a result, nothing in this C ondition 18 prevents any N oteh o ld er from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts w ith jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any num ber o f jurisdictions.
(e) Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the docum ents w hich start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Norske Skog (UK) Ltd. at B irchin Court, 20 B irchin Lane, London E C 3V 9DU or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address o f the Issuer in Great Britain at w hich process may be served on it in accordance w ith Part X X III o f the Com panies A ct 1985. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service o f process on behalf o f the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written dem and o f any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in E ngland to accept service o f process on its b e h a lf and, failing such appointm ent w ithin 15 days, any N oteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent. N othing in this Condition 18(e) shall affect the right o f any N oteholder to serve process in any other m anner perm itted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.
(f) C o n sen t to enforcem ent, etc.: The Issuer consents generally in respect o f any final unappealable judgm ent in any Proceedings to the giving o f any relief or the issue o f any process in connection w ith such Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective o f its use or intended use) o f any order or judgm ent which is made or given in such Proceedings.
