(e) Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the docum ents w hich start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Norske Skog (UK) Ltd. at B irchin Court, 20 B irchin Lane, London E C 3V 9DU or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address o f the Issuer in Great Britain at w hich process may be served on it in accordance w ith Part X X III o f the Com panies A ct 1985. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service o f process on behalf o f the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written dem and o f any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in E ngland to accept service o f process on its b e h a lf and, failing such appointm ent w ithin 15 days, any N oteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent. N othing in this Condition 18(e) shall affect the right o f any N oteholder to serve process in any other m anner perm itted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.
(g) W aiv er o f im m unity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim fo r itself o r its assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachm ent (whether in aid o f execution, before judgm ent or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (w hether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent perm itted by the laws o f such jurisdiction.
179
TERM S AND CONDITIONS OF THE PERPETU A L NOTES
The follow ing is the text o f the Terms and Conditions o f the Notes which (subject to completion and amendment) will be endorsed on each Note in definitive fo rm :
The 2.0 per cent. Notes due 30 D ecem ber 2115 (the "N otes", w hich expression includes any further notes issued pursuant to C ondition 15 (F urther Issues) and form ing a single series therew ith) o f N orske Skogindustrier A SA (the "Issu er") are the subject o f a fiscal agency agreem ent dated 9 February 2016 (as am ended or supplemented from time to time, the "A gency A greem ent") betw een the Issuer, Citibank N.A. as fiscal agent (the "F iscal A gent", w hich expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection w ith the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "P aying A gents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). Certain provisions o f these Conditions are summaries o f the Agency Agreem ent and subject to its detailed provisions. The holders o f the Notes (the "N oteholders") are bound by, and are deem ed to have received notice of, all the provisions o f the Agency Agreem ent applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreem ent are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices (as defined in the Agency Agreement) o f each o f the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices o f w hich are set out below.
1 F o rm , D enom ination an d T itle
(a) Form and denomination
The Notes are serially num bered and in registered form and in denom inations o f EU R 100,000 and integral m ultiples o f E U R 1.00 in excess thereof, w ithout coupons attached.
