(A) 100 per cent. o f the principal am ount thereof; plus
(C) the Applicable Prem ium at the redem ption date, subject to the right o f Noteholders o f record on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 8(a)) to receive interest due on any interest paym ent date occurring on or prior to the redem ption date.
Any notice o f redem ption will specify, in the case o f partial redemption, the ISINs and Common Codes of the Notes called for redemption. Any partial redem ption o f the Notes shall be made on a pro rata basis as determined by the Issuer.
U pon the expiry o f any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall redeem such Notes in accordance with the terms of such notice and this Condition 7(c).
(d) [Reserved]
(e) R edem ption fo r a N on-D eductibility E vent, an E q u ity C red it R atin g E vent o r an A ccounting E vent: If a Non-Deductibility Event, an Equity Credit Rating Event or an Accounting Event occurs, the Issuer may, subject to applicable laws, redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) at any time at the principal amount plus any interest accrued up to (but excluding) the relevant redem ption date and any outstanding Deferred Interest Paym ents o n the giving o f not less th an 10 and not m ore th a n 60 calendar d ay s' irrevocable notice o f redem ption to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents. Prior to giving such notice o f redemption, the Issuer will deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised signatory o f the Issuer stating that a Non-Deductibility Event, an Equity Credit Rating Event or an Accounting Event (as the case may be) has occurred and stating in the case o f a Non-Deductibility Event that the relevant loss o f deduction cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and, in the case o f a Non-Deductibility Event or an Accounting Event, the opinions referred to in the definitions thereof, respectively. The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled, without liability to any person, to accept such certification and, in the case o f a Non-Deductibility Event or an Accounting Event, opinion as sufficient evidence that a Non-Deductibility Event, an Equity Credit Rating Event or an Accounting Event (as the case may be) has occurred, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.
(f) No o th e r R edem ption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the N otes otherwise th an as provided in paragraphs (a) (Scheduled redemption), (b) (Redemption fo r tax reasons), (c) (Redemption at the option o f the Issuer), and (e) (R edem ption f o r a N on-D eductibility E vent, an E quity C redit R a tin g E ven t or an Accounting Event) above.
(g) P urchase: The Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries may at any tim e purchase Notes in the open m arket or otherwise and at any price. Any Notes so purchased may be held, re-sold, or, at the option o f the holder, surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.
(h) C ancellation: All Notes (i) redeem ed pursuant to paragraphs (a) (Scheduled redemption), (b) (Redemption fo r tax reasons), (c) (R edem ption a t the option o f the Issuer) and (e) (R edem ption f o r a N on-D eductibility E vent, an Equity C redit Rating E vent or an A ccounting E vent), or (ii) surrendered for cancellation to the Fiscal A gent follow ing their purchase pursuant to paragraph (f) (Purchase) above, by the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.
