190
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect o f the Notes or any order or judgm ent given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first cu rren cy ") in w hich the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgm ent into another currency (the "second cu rren cy ") for the purpose o f (a) m aking or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgm ent in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgm ent given or made in relation to the N otes, the Issuer shall indem nify each Noteholder, on the w ritten dem and o f such N oteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal A gent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy betw een (i) the rate o f exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates o f exchange at w hich such N oteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency w ith the second currency upon receipt o f a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, o f any such order, judgm ent, claim or proof.
This indem nity constitutes a separate and independent obligation o f the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action.
18 G o v e rn in g L a w a n d J u ris d ic tio n
(a) G overning law : The Notes and all m atters arising from or connected w ith the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.
(b) English courts: The courts o f England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "D ispute") arising from or connected with the Notes.
(c) A p p ro p riate forum : The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the m ost appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.
(d) R ights of th e N oteholders to ta k e proceedings outside E ngland: Condition 18(b) (English courts) is for the benefit o f the N oteholders only. A s a result, nothing in this C ondition 18 prevents any N o teholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts w ith jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any num ber o f jurisdictions.
(e) Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the docum ents w hich start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Norske Skog (UK) Ltd. at B irchin Court, 20 B irchin Lane, London E C 3V 9DU or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address o f the Issuer in Great Britain at w hich process may be served on it in accordance w ith Part X X III o f the Companies A ct 1985. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service o f process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the w ritten dem and of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal A gent appoint a further person in E ngland to accept service o f process o n its b eh alf and, failing such appointm ent w ith in 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by w ritten notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent. N othing in this Condition 18(e) shall affect the right o f any N oteholder to serve process in any other m anner perm itted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.
