H olders who need assistance with respect to the procedures fo r participating in the Exchange Offers and/or the Consent Solicitations should contact the bank, securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold the R elevant 2016/2017 Notes. Alternatively, H olders m ay contact the Exchange and Tabulation Agent, the contact details fo r which are on the last page o f this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
The Parent will only accept offers of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offers that are made by way o f the submission o f valid Exchange Instructions in accordance w ith the procedures set forth in this section "P rocedures fo r P articipating in the E xchange O ffers a n d the C onsent Solicitations".
To offer Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offers, a Holder should deliver, or arrange to have delivered on its behalf, via the relevant Clearing System, and in accordance w ith the requirements o f such Clearing System, a valid Exchange Instruction that is received by the Exchange and Tabulation A gent by the Expiration Deadline.
In order to be eligible to receive the applicable Exchange O ffer Consideration, Exchange Instructions relating to the Exchange Offers must be submitted in respect of an aggregate amount o f the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes o f at least the M inim um Offer Amount, and may be submitted in integral multiples o f 1,000 in excess thereof. Any Exchange Instruction received by the Exchange and Tabulation Agent representing an aggregate nominal amount of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes o f less than the applicable M inimum Offer Amount will not be accepted by the Exchange and Tabulation Agent as a valid Exchange Instruction.
The Exchange Notes will be issued in Regulation S and Rule 144A form. Holders must indicate in their Exchange Instruction w hether they elect to receive Exchange Notes in Regulation S or Rule 144A form.
By subm itting a valid Exchange Instruction offering 2017 Notes fo r exchange in the 2017 Notes Exchange O ffer, H olders will in stru ct th e E xchange and T abulation A gent th a t they give th e ir consent in connection w ith the C onsent Solicitations. It will not be possible to validly offer 2017 Notes fo r exchange in the 2017 Notes Exchange O ffers w ithout at the sam e tim e voting in favor of the Proposals.
H olders are advised to check with any bank, securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold R elevant 2016/2017 N otes when such interm ediary needs to receive instructions fro m a H older in order fo r that H older to be able to participate in, or (in the lim ited circum stances in w hich revocation is p erm itted ) revoke their instruction to participate in, the applicable E xchange O ffer before the deadlines specified in this exchange offer a n d consent
solicitation memorandum. The deadlines set by the Clearing Systems for the submission and withdrawal o f Exchange Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
A separate Exchange Instruction m ust be com pleted on b eh a lf o f each Beneficial Owner and in respect o f each series o f R elevant 2016/2017 Notes.
