The applicable provisions of the FSMA must be complied with in respect of anything done in relation to the Exchange Offers in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum to "Holders" or "Holders of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes" mean:
(a) each person who is shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System as a Holder of any series of the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes; and
(b) each Beneficial Owner of any series of the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes or Holder of a proportionate co-ownership or equivalent beneficial interest or right in any series of the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes holding
xvi
such Relevant 2016/2017 Notes, directly or indirectly, in an account in the name of a Direct Participant acting on such Beneficial Owner's or Holder's behalf. For the purposes of the exchange of the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for the applicable Exchange Notes or the payment of any Accrued Interest Payments, to the extent the Holder of the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes is not a Direct Participant, the Exchange Notes will only be delivered and such payment(s) will only be made by the Parent through the relevant Clearing System to the relevant Direct Participant and the delivery of such Notes and making of such payment(s) by or on behalf of the Parent to and by such Clearing System to such Direct Participant will satisfy the respective obligations of the Parent and the relevant Clearing System in respect of the exchange of such Relevant 2016/2017 Notes.
xvii
INDUSTRY AND MARKET INFORMATION The information contained in "Exchange Rates", "Summary" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results o f Operations"" includes extracts from information and data, including industry and market data and estimates from publicly available resources and industry and market consultants. Although we believe such sources to be reliable and we accept responsibility for the accurate extraction and reproduction of such information and data, we have not independently verified the accuracy of such information and data and we do not accept further responsibility in respect thereof. In particular, information and data contained in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum relating to the publication paper industry and certain economic measures have been extracted or derived from reports, presentations or other sources produced by, among others, the Pulp and Paper Products Council ("PPPC") and Resource Information System, Inc. ("RISI"). The accuracy of such information is subject to the availability and reliability of the data supporting such information and neither the published information nor the underlying data has been independently verified by us. In addition, the methodology of each of PPPC and RISI and of other industry sources for collecting, analyzing and presenting information and data, and therefore the reported information, may differ from that used by us to compile data relating to our operations and from the methodologies employed by other industry consultants and participants. Each of PPPC and RISI and other industry sources may use certain information and data that is not accurate and may use certain assumptions in the preparation of their reported information, and such assumptions could prove to be inaccurate. No assurance can be given that the third-party information used in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum reflects all relevant events and transactions occurring in the relevant publication paper market. Neither PPPC nor RISI has made any representation, express or implied, and neither has accepted any responsibility with respect to, the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. Furthermore, certain data have been derived or extracted from our own internal estimates.
xviii
