Holders wishing to exercise any right of revocation as set forth above should do so in accordance w ith the procedures set forth in "Procedures fo r Participating in the E xchange O ffers a n d the C onsent Solicitations" . B eneficial owners o f Relevant 2016/2017 Notes that are held through an interm ediary are advised to check w ith such entity w hen it needs to receive instructions to revoke an Exchange Instruction and/or Electronic Voting Instruction in order to meet the above deadline. For the avoidance o f doubt, any Holder who does not exercise any such right o f revocation in the circumstances and in the m anner specified above, shall be deem ed to have w aived such right o f revocation and its original Exchange Instruction and/or Electronic V oting Instruction will rem ain effective.
BOOK-ENTRY, DELIVERY AND FO RM
G eneral
Each series o f the Exchange Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will initially be represented by one or more global Exchange Notes in registered form w ithout interest coupons attached (the "R e g u la tio n S G lo b a l N o tes"). The R egulation S G lobal N otes w ill b e deposited, on the Issue D ate, w ith a com m on depositary and registered in the name o f the nominee o f the com m on depositary for the accounts o f Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Each series o f the Exchange Notes sold within the U nited States to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A will initially be represented by one or more global Exchange Notes in registered form w ithout interest coupons attached (the " 144A G lo b a l N o tes" and, together w ith the R egulation S G lobal N otes, the " G lo b a l N o tes"). The 144A Global Notes will be deposited, on the Issue Date, w ith a com m on depositary and registered in the name o f the nominee o f the com m on depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Ownership o f interests in the 144A Global Notes (" 144A B ook-E ntry In terests") and ownership o f interests in the Regulation S Global Notes (the "R egulation S B ook-E ntry In te re st" and, together w ith the 144A Book-Entry Interests, the "B ook-E ntry In terests") will be lim ited to persons that have accounts w ith Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or persons that may hold interests through such participants. Book-Entry Interests will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained in book-entry form by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxem bourg and their participants. The Book-Entry Interests in the Global Notes will be issued only in denom inations of 100,000 and in integral multiples o f 1.00 in excess thereof.
The Book-Entry Interests will not be held in definitive form. Instead, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, w ill credit o n their respective book-entry registration and transfer system s a particip an t's account w ith the interest beneficially owned by such participant. The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain purchasers o f securities take physical delivery o f such securities in definitive form. The foregoing lim itations may im pair the ability to own, transfer or pledge Book-Entry Interests. In addition, while the Exchange Notes are in global form, owners o f interest in the Global Notes will not have the Exchange Notes registered in their names, will not receive physical delivery of the Exchange Notes in certificated form and will not be considered the registered owners or "holder" of the Exchange Notes under the Agency Agreements for any purpose.
So long as the Exchange Notes are held in global form, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (or their respective nominees), will be considered the holders of Global Notes for all purposes under the Agency Agreements. As such, participants must rely on the procedures o f Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, and indirect participants must rely on the procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, and the participants through which they own Book-Entry Interests in order to exercise any rights of holders under the Agency A greem ents.
None of the Parent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Paying Agent nor the Fiscal Agent under the Agency Agreements nor any of their respective agents will have any responsibility or be liable for any aspect of the records relating to the Book-Entry Interests.
