INDUSTRY AND MARKET INFORMATION The information contained in "Exchange Rates", "Summary" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results o f Operations"" includes extracts from information and data, including industry and market data and estimates from publicly available resources and industry and market consultants. Although we believe such sources to be reliable and we accept responsibility for the accurate extraction and reproduction of such information and data, we have not independently verified the accuracy of such information and data and we do not accept further responsibility in respect thereof. In particular, information and data contained in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum relating to the publication paper industry and certain economic measures have been extracted or derived from reports, presentations or other sources produced by, among others, the Pulp and Paper Products Council ("PPPC") and Resource Information System, Inc. ("RISI"). The accuracy of such information is subject to the availability and reliability of the data supporting such information and neither the published information nor the underlying data has been independently verified by us. In addition, the methodology of each of PPPC and RISI and of other industry sources for collecting, analyzing and presenting information and data, and therefore the reported information, may differ from that used by us to compile data relating to our operations and from the methodologies employed by other industry consultants and participants. Each of PPPC and RISI and other industry sources may use certain information and data that is not accurate and may use certain assumptions in the preparation of their reported information, and such assumptions could prove to be inaccurate. No assurance can be given that the third-party information used in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum reflects all relevant events and transactions occurring in the relevant publication paper market. Neither PPPC nor RISI has made any representation, express or implied, and neither has accepted any responsibility with respect to, the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. Furthermore, certain data have been derived or extracted from our own internal estimates.
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Financial Data
This exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum includes at Exhibit I the audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent as of and for the year ended December 31, 2014 (and incorporates by reference the audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent as of and for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013) (together, the "Audited Consolidated Financial Statements"). This exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum also includes at Exhibit II the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Parent as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (with September 30, 2014 comparative financial statements) (the "Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" and, together with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, the "Consolidated Financial Statements"). For purposes of this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, references to "our" financial information or results of operations refer to the financial information or results of operations of the Parent.
On January 1, 2015, the Parent changed its accounting principles with respect to embedded derivatives in energy contracts in Norway. As a result, the Parent restated, for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the nine months ended September 30, 2014, the items impacted by this change in its accounting principles and presented such restated items in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. See "Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data" and "Selected Historical Financial Data".
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the European Union and are presented in Norwegian kroner. The Parent is the holding company of the Group. The Parent's shares are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "NSG".
Our unaudited consolidated statement of income data for the twelve months ended September 30, 2015 has been derived by adding our historical consolidated statement of income data for the financial year ended December 31, 2014 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and subtracting our historical consolidated statement of income data for the nine months ended September 30, 2014.
IFRS differs in certain respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"). The Parent has not prepared and does not currently intend to prepare its Consolidated Financial Statements in, or reconcile them to, U.S. GAAP. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between U.S. GAAP and IFRS.
The financial information included in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum is not intended to comply with the reporting requirements of the SEC and will not be subject to review by the SEC.
