In connection w ith transfers involving an exchange o f a Regulation S Book-Entry Interest for a Rule 144A Book-Entry Interest, appropriate adjustm ents will be made to reflect a decrease in the principal am ount o f the Regulation S Global Note and a corresponding increase in the principal am ount o f the Rule 144A Global Note.
Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred and exchanged for Book-Entry Interests in a Global Note only as described under "Terms and Conditions o f the Exchange Notes due 2019," "Terms and Conditions o f the Exchange Notes due 2026" and " Terms and Conditions o f the Perpetual Notes," as applicable, and, if required, only if the transferor first delivers to the Fiscal Agent and/or the Registrar a written certificate (in the form provided in the Agency Agreements) to the effect that such transfer will comply w ith the appropriate transfer restrictions applicable to such E xchange N otes. See "O ffer a n d D istribution R estrictions."
Inform ation C oncerning E uroclear and C learstream , Luxem bourg
All Book-Entry Interests will be subject to the operations and procedures o f Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. The Parent provides the following summaries o f those operations and procedures solely for the convenience of investors. The operations and procedures of each settlement system are controlled by that settlement system and may be changed at any time. None o f the Parent, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Paying Agent nor any of their respective agents are responsible for those operations or procedures.
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxem bourg hold securities for participating organizations. They also facilitate the clearance and settlement o f securities transactions betw een their respective participants through electronic book-entry changes in the accounts o f such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxem bourg provide various services to their participants, including the safekeeping, administration, clearance, settlement, lending and borrowing o f internationally traded securities. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxem bourg interface w ith domestic securities markets. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxem bourg participants are financial institutions, such as underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust com panies and certain other organizations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxem bourg is also
202
available to others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship w ith a Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg participant, either directly or indirectly.
Because Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of an ow ner of a beneficial interest to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxem bourg systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, m ay be lim ited by the lack of a definite certificate for that interest. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form . Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests to such person may be lim ited. In addition, owners of beneficial interests through the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxem bourg systems will receive distributions attributable to the 144A Global Notes only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants.
G lobal C learance and Settlem ent U nder the B ook-E ntry System The Parent expects that secondary trading in any certificated Exchange Notes will also be settled in immediately
