Because Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants and certain banks, the ability of an ow ner of a beneficial interest to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxem bourg systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, m ay be lim ited by the lack of a definite certificate for that interest. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form . Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests to such person may be lim ited. In addition, owners of beneficial interests through the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxem bourg systems will receive distributions attributable to the 144A Global Notes only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants.
available funds. Although E uroclear and Clearstream, Luxem bourg currently follow the foregoing procedures in order to
facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Notes among participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or modified at any tim e. None of Parent, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent nor the Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxem bourg or their respective participants or indirect participants, of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.
Initial Settlem ent Initial settlement for the Exchange Notes will be made in euro. Book-Entry Interests owned through Euroclear
or Clearstream, Luxem bourg accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds in registered form. Book-Entry Interests will be credited to the securities custody accounts o f Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxem bourg holders on the business day following the settlement date against paym ent for value on the settlement date.
Secondary M arket Trading The Book-Entry Interests will trade through participants o f Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will
settle in same-day funds. Since the purchase determ ines the place o f delivery, it is im portant to establish at the time o f trading o f any B ook-E ntry Interests w here b o th the p u rch aser's and the seller's accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.
203
CERTAIN NORWEGIAN TAX CONSIDERATIONS
