The E.U. Insolvency Regulation applies to insolvency proceedings that are collective insolvency proceedings of the types referred to in A nnex A to the E U Insolvency Regulation.
W here m ain proceedings have been opened in the M em ber State in which the com pany has its center o f m ain interests, any proceedings opened subsequently in another M em ber State in which the company has an establishm ent (secondary proceedings) are lim ited to "winding-up proceedings" listed in Annex B o f the E.U. Insolvency Regulation. W here m ain proceedings in the M em ber State in which the company has its center o f m ain interests have not yet been opened, territorial insolvency proceedings can only be opened in another M em ber State where the company has an establishm ent w here either: (a) insolvency proceedings cannot b e opened in the M em ber State in w hich the co m p an y 's center o f m ain interests is situated under that M em ber S tate's law; o r (b) the territorial insolvency proceedings are opened at the request o f a creditor that is domiciled, habitually resident or has its registered office in the other M em ber State or whose claim arises from the operation o f the establishment.
The courts o f all M em ber States (other than Denmark) must recognize the judgm ent of the court opening main proceedings that will be given the same effect in the other M em ber States so long as no secondary proceedings have been opened there. The liquidator appointed by a court in a M em ber State that has jurisdiction to open m ain proceedings (because the co m p an y 's center o f m ain interests is there) m ay exercise the pow ers conferred o n him by the law o f that M em ber State in another M em ber State (such as to remove assets o f the company from that other M em ber State), subject to certain limitations, so long as no insolvency proceedings have been opened in that other M em ber State or any preservation measure taken to the contrary further to a request to open insolvency proceedings in that other M em ber State where the company has assets.
206
Norway
Limitations on Guarantees and Security Interests provided by Companies incorporated in Norway
Section 8-10 of the N orwegian Private Limited Companies Act of 1997 No. 44/Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act o f 1997 No. 45 (Aksjeloven and Allm ennaksjeloven) (respectively and together, the "A cts", and each an "A ct"), restricts a N orw egian private or public lim ited liability com pany from providing financial assistance (including to put assets at disposal, grant loans or provide security or guarantees) in connection w ith the acquisition o f its shares or the shares in the parent company (and any intermediate parent company). Such financial assistance may only be provided w ithin the lim its o f the co m p an y 's distributable reserves and subject to the assistance b eing provided o n ordinary commercial terms and the claim for repayment or restitution being adequately secured. Financial assistance may only be provided in connection w ith the acquisition o f shares in the company w hich are fully paid. Before such financial assistance is granted certain procedural rules m ust be com plied with. The board o f directors shall ensure that the beneficial parties are subject to a credit assessm ent and the board will have to prepare a statement which, inter alia, describes the background for and terms and consequences o f the financial assistance. Such statement will have to be presented to the general meeting o f the company, who in turn must approve the financial assistance. The restrictions on financial assistance applies irrespective o f w hether the com pany in which shares are acquired is a N orw egian or foreign company, and there are no general exemptions available except for special cases o f real estate financing and employee share purchase programs. The restriction applies not only to granting o f loans, guarantees and securities, but also to making assets available and other transfers w hich are not lawful distributions in accordance w ith the Acts. The assistance is restricted if made "in connection w ith" the acquisition o f the shares, which may also cover financial assistance after completion o f the acquisition, for instance by way o f a refinancing o f acquisition debt or a subsequent merger o f a target company and the acquiring entity.
In addition to the restrictions w ith regard to unlawful financial assistance outlined above, Section 8-7 o f the Acts restricts a N orw egian lim ited liability company from granting credit to, guaranteeing or providing security for the obligations of, its shareholders or a party related to the shareholder beyond its distributable reserves (free equity) and then further provided that satisfactory security for repaym ent/ recovery has been established. This restriction does not, however, apply to any granting o f credit to or security/guarantee for the obligations o f a parent company or another com pany w ithin the sam e "group" . This exem ption m ust b e read in conjunction w ith the group definition in Section 1-3 o f the Acts which, broadly speaking, includes N orw egian lim ited liability companies. Furthermore, there is an exem ption for the granting o f credit to or security/guarantee for the obligations o f any other legal entity (or the subsidiary o f such other legal entity) w hich has such a decisive influence over the com pany as m entioned in Section 1-3 o f the A cts provided that the credit, security or guarantee is established in order to benefit the financial interests o f the group o f com panies. Section 1-3 defines decisive influence as holding at least such num ber o f shares in the com pany w hich represents a majority of the votes in the company or has the right to elect or discharge a majority of the members of the board o f directors o f such company. In practice, this exception w ill therefore be applicable to a N orw egian wholly-owned subsidiary o f a foreign company, provided that the guarantee is established in order to benefit the financial interests o f the group o f companies.
As a consequence o f these restrictions, the value o f the Guarantees and any security provided by a Norwegian guarantor may be reduced to zero to the extent it secured obligations relating to the acquisition o f shares in itself or its parent company. In addition, the Guarantees or security interest infringing the limitations set forth in Section 8-10 and 8-7 o f the Acts will be void, and any funds paid out will have to be repaid. Finally, an illegal arrangem ent o f this kind may give rise to directors' liability issues. As a general rule under N orw egian law, the board o f directors o f a Norwegian private or public limited liability company has a fiduciary duty to act in the interest o f the company. Thus, the board of directors o f a company is only perm itted to resolve to guarantee the obligations o f another group com pany to the extent this is in the interest o f the company. This means that the board o f directors in each case must carefully evaluate whether the benefits to it from guaranteeing the obligations o f such other company equals or outweighs the obligations o f the same.
