In addition to the restrictions w ith regard to unlawful financial assistance outlined above, Section 8-7 o f the Acts restricts a N orw egian lim ited liability company from granting credit to, guaranteeing or providing security for the obligations of, its shareholders or a party related to the shareholder beyond its distributable reserves (free equity) and then further provided that satisfactory security for repaym ent/ recovery has been established. This restriction does not, however, apply to any granting o f credit to or security/guarantee for the obligations o f a parent company or another com pany w ithin the sam e "group" . This exem ption m ust b e read in conjunction w ith the group definition in Section 1-3 o f the Acts which, broadly speaking, includes N orw egian lim ited liability companies. Furthermore, there is an exem ption for the granting o f credit to or security/guarantee for the obligations o f any other legal entity (or the subsidiary o f such other legal entity) w hich has such a decisive influence over the com pany as m entioned in Section 1-3 o f the A cts provided that the credit, security or guarantee is established in order to benefit the financial interests o f the group o f com panies. Section 1-3 defines decisive influence as holding at least such num ber o f shares in the com pany w hich represents a majority of the votes in the company or has the right to elect or discharge a majority of the members of the board o f directors o f such company. In practice, this exception w ill therefore be applicable to a N orw egian wholly-owned subsidiary o f a foreign company, provided that the guarantee is established in order to benefit the financial interests o f the group o f companies.
The Guarantees and the Security Interests provided by N orw egian companies are subject to lim itation language substantially in the form as follows:
"The obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor incorporated in Norway in its capacity as a Guarantor (each a "N orw egian G u a ra n to r") shall not cover any indebtedness or liability which, if they did so extend, would cause an infringem ent o f section 8-10 and/or section 8-7 cf. section 1-3, or any o f the other provisions in chapter 8 III, o f the N orw egian Private Lim ited Companies Act 1997 (the "N orw egian C om panies A ct") regulating unlawful financial assistance and other prohibited loans, guarantees and jo in t and several liability as well as providing o f security, and it is understood and agreed that the liability o f any Norwegian Guarantor only applies to the extent perm itted by the above-m entioned provisions o f the N orw egian Companies Act. U nder no circum stances shall the obligations and liabilities o f any Norwegian Guarantor cover the debt and/or other liabilities incurred in respect o f the purchase o f the shares in such N orw egian G uarantor o r the shares in any o f such N o rw eg ian G u aran to r's H olding C om panies."
207
The lim itations set fo rth in section 8-10 and/or section 8- 7 cf. section 1-3 o f the A cts w ill apply m utatis mutandis to any security created by a N orw egian Guarantor under the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral and to any guarantee, indemnity, any sim ilar obligation resulting in a paym ent obligation and payment, including, but not lim ited to, set-off, pursuant to the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral and made by any N orw egian Guarantor. Such limitations on the liabilities and obligations o f any N orw egian Guarantor may have the effect o f reducing the amount o f obligations or liabilities assum ed and/or the amount guaranteed or secured to zero, to the extent to w hich any proceeds under the Notes are used in connection w ith the acquisition o f shares in the Norw egian Guarantor or its parent).
Insolvency
N orw egian insolvency legislation is regulated by the N orw egian Bankruptcy Act o f June 8, 1984 No. 58 (Konkursloven) (the "B a n k ru p tc y A ct"), w hich sets forth the various procedures to be follow ed both in the case of court-adm inistered debt negotiations and bankruptcy proceedings, and the Creditors Recovery A ct o f June 8, 1984 No. 59 (Dekningsloven) (the "R ecovery A ct") containing provisions on, am ong other things, the priority o f claims.
The key features o f the N orw egian bankruptcy proceedings are (i) the seizure and subsequent disposal o f the d eb to r's assets, (ii) the assessm ent and ranking o f claim s, (iii) the testing and revocation o f transactions (including the securing o f existing claim s) m ade p rio r to bankruptcy, (iv) the handling o f the d eb to r's contractual relationships and (v) the distribution o f funds (if any) in accordance w ith the priority rules. If the business operations o f the bankrupt company are continued, they are in practice continued at the risk of, and only to the extent guaranteed by, the creditors.
Bankruptcy proceedings may be opened provided that the debtor is insolvent. B oth the debtor (by the representation o f the Board o f Directors) and the creditors (holding or pretending to hold a claim) can petition for bankruptcy.
