The key features o f the N orw egian bankruptcy proceedings are (i) the seizure and subsequent disposal o f the d eb to r's assets, (ii) the assessm ent and ranking o f claim s, (iii) the testing and revocation o f transactions (including the securing o f existing claim s) m ade p rio r to bankruptcy, (iv) the handling o f the d eb to r's contractual relationships and (v) the distribution o f funds (if any) in accordance w ith the priority rules. If the business operations o f the bankrupt company are continued, they are in practice continued at the risk of, and only to the extent guaranteed by, the creditors.
There are two requirements for a debtor to be deem ed to be insolvent. The debtor must (i) be unable to service its debt as it becom es due, such paym ent difficulties not being o f a tem porary nature and (ii) the debtor m ust be in "deficit" (the com pany's debts m ust exceed the sum o f its assets and revenue, b ased o n real, n ot b ook, values).
D uring bankruptcy proceedings the d e b to r's assets are controlled by the court-appointed liquidator (usually a law yer), o n b e h a lf o f the bankruptcy estate. The m ain task o f the liquidator is to tu rn all the d e b to r's assets into cash in the m anner assumed to be m ost profitable for the estate (the creditors), and then distribute the available cash to the rightful creditors.
A ll o f the d e b to r's assets w ill in practice b e seized by the bankruptcy estate, and the d eb to r m ay n ot dispose o f the seized assets in any way while the bankruptcy proceedings are ongoing. The bankruptcy estate may also seize assets held by third-parties, if these assets are acquired from the debtor in an unlawful manner, or if the acquisition lacks legal protection, or if the transaction can be reversed according to the Recovery Act. The bankruptcy estate is a separate legal entity, w hich is authorized to exercise all ownership interests and rights w ith respect to the seized assets, including, but not lim ited to, the realization o f assets.
Secured creditors are, in principle, not deem ed to be part o f the bankruptcy proceedings to the extent the value o f the security is sufficient to cover the underlying obligations o f the debtor. The secured creditors may, in principle, realize the security, and cover their claims; however, keeping in m ind that the realization of a num ber o f categories of security during the first six m onths after the opening o f a bankruptcy will be subject to the approval o f the bankruptcy estate (the same principles apply to official debt negotiations). The bankruptcy estate has the right, subject to certain conditions being fulfilled, to realize the security w ith a w iping out effect on unm et liens and divide the proceeds betw een the secured creditors and other holding legal rights in the assets.
Furthermore, the bankruptcy estate has a statutory first lien o f up to 5% of the estim ated value or sales value of all assets secured by the debtor fo r its ow n debt o r by a third-party fo r the d e b to r's indebtedness. Such statutory lien is not applicable to financial security (cash deposits and financial instruments) established pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Collateral Act No. 17/2004 (the "F inancial C o llateral A ct") or the N orw egian Liens Act No. 2/1980 section 6-4 (9).
A ny under-secured am ount (any am ount exceeding the value o f the assets securing the relevant c re d ito r's claim ) will be deem ed an ordinary (unsecured) trade claim.
In a N orwegian bankruptcy, the creditors will be paid according to the following priority:
· secured claims (valid and perfected security covered up to the value o f the secured asset-- either after the realization by the secured creditor itself or after realization undertaken by the bankruptcy estate);
