IFRS differs in certain respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"). The Parent has not prepared and does not currently intend to prepare its Consolidated Financial Statements in, or reconcile them to, U.S. GAAP. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between U.S. GAAP and IFRS.
Pro Forma Financial Information
We present in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum certain unaudited consolidated pro forma financial information as at and for the twelve months ended September 30, 2015 on an as adjusted basis to give effect to the Transactions. The unaudited pro forma financial information set forth in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum is based on available information and certain assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable and may differ from the actual adjusted amounts.
Our unaudited pro forma financial data presented herein has been prepared for informational purposes only, and does not purport to represent what our actual financial position or consolidated interest expense would have been had the Transactions occurred on (i) September 30, 2015, for the purposes of the calculation of pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities and pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities and (ii) October 1, 2014, for the purposes of the calculation of pro forma net cash finance costs, nor does it purport to represent our consolidated interest expense or actual financial position at any future date. Our historical results may not be indicative of our future results following the consummation of the Transactions. The unaudited pro forma financial data presented in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum has not been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act or any generally accepted accounting standards.
Rounding
Certain amounts that appear in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, including financial data and operating data, have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them and amounts expressed as percentages may not total 100% when aggregated.
xix
Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures
In the income statement of our Consolidated Financial Statements, we present gross operating earnings for the Group, and in our segment reporting, we assess the performance of our operating segments based on a measure of gross operating earnings. Gross operating earnings excludes the effects of expenditure not deemed to be part of regular operating activities. Gross operating earnings represents operating earnings before depreciation, restructuring expenses, other gains and losses (such as gains and losses from sales of non-current assets and changes in the fair value of certain energy contracts and biological assets) and impairments. In the section of this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results o f Operations'", we discuss the operating performance of the Group and our operating segments based on gross operating earnings, which measure is presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements. In certain other sections of this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, including "Summary" and "Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data"", we use the term "EBITDA", in lieu of the term gross operating earnings due to the familiarity of the term EBITDA to prospective investors in the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes. In this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, EBITDA is defined on the same basis as gross operating earnings. For a reconciliation of EBITDA to profit/loss, see "Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data"".
