Pursuant to the Recovery Act, the bankruptcy estate may be entitled to set aside or reverse transactions carried out in the three to twelve m onth period (and, in respect of transactions in favor of related parties, up to two years) before the opening of the bankruptcy proceedings, such as extraordinary paym ents of certain creditors, security established for existing debt and transactions at an undervalue. The bankruptcy estate may also, under certain circumstances, be entitled to set aside o r reverse transactions m ade in b ad faith o r negligently w hich in an im proper m anner increase the d e b to r's debt, favor one or more creditors at the expense of others or deprive the debtor of assets w hich may otherwise have served to cover the creditors' claims, in w hich case the time limit for challenges by the estate is increased to ten years.
Enforcement o f security normally requires that the pledgee or chargee files an application to the enforcement authorities for the enforcement o f the security. Certain types o f security may, however, be enforced without the involvem ent o f the enforcem ent authority or a court, typically security established pursuant to the Financial Collateral A ct and charges over monetary claims. A provision granting the secured party such right o f enforcement is typically included in any security agreem ent betw een the pledgor/chargor and the secured party.
Enforcement of a guarantee claim against a solvent guarantor will in principal require a final, legally binding judgm ent by a court (unless the guarantee is made as an enforceable promissory note). Thereafter the creditor may apply to the enforcement authorities for enforcem ent o f his or her claim against the assets o f the guarantor.
Creation and enforcement o f security
Norwegian law provides fo r effectively creating security over a range o f closely defined asset types (a floating charge may be established over certain asset types of a Norwegian company).
As a main rule, a secured creditor does not have a general step-in right to security assets in an enforcem ent situation and agreements on enforcem ent cannot validly be entered into prior to the occurrence o f an event o f default. Instead, enforcement must be sought through the N orw egian courts and/or the Norwegian enforcem ent authorities. However, this is different for shares in a N orwegian lim ited company. If the secured party is a financial institution, the shares are considered financial collateral, and the parties are free (within reasonable limits) to agree on the enforcement process in the share pledge agreement.
Also, fo r specific security assets, and under certain circumstances, a creditor may take possession or directly enforce its rights upon enforcement. This is the case for security established over receivables (such as trade receivables or bank account claims) whereby the secured party may instruct the relevant debtor to pay the outstanding amounts directly to the secured party instead of the chargor.
The concept o f a security trustee, as it is understood under com m on law, does not exist under N orw egian law. In practice, in an arrangem ent w ith a security agent acting on behalf o f the secured parties, as these exist from tim e to time, it is generally recognized under N orw egian law that the security agent will be able to enforce the security on behalf o f the secured parties and apply any proceeds to the secured parties. In order to commence any legal action regarding a claim (for enforcem ent purposes or otherwise) against the debtor the security agent may, however, be required to disclose to the court the identity o f the creditors and have the creditors jo in in or participate as claimants in the proceedings. It has been established by the Norwegian Supreme Court that a bond trustee for an undisclosed num ber o f bondholders can, based on the provisions in the bond agreement, take legal action against the issuer on behalf o f and in lieu o f the bondholders and w ithout having to disclose the entity o f the bondholders.
209
