The concept o f a security trustee, as it is understood under com m on law, does not exist under N orw egian law. In practice, in an arrangem ent w ith a security agent acting on behalf o f the secured parties, as these exist from tim e to time, it is generally recognized under N orw egian law that the security agent will be able to enforce the security on behalf o f the secured parties and apply any proceeds to the secured parties. In order to commence any legal action regarding a claim (for enforcem ent purposes or otherwise) against the debtor the security agent may, however, be required to disclose to the court the identity o f the creditors and have the creditors jo in in or participate as claimants in the proceedings. It has been established by the Norwegian Supreme Court that a bond trustee for an undisclosed num ber o f bondholders can, based on the provisions in the bond agreement, take legal action against the issuer on behalf o f and in lieu o f the bondholders and w ithout having to disclose the entity o f the bondholders.
France
The following is a general description o f certain aspects o f the prevention o f corporate difficulties and insolvency proceedings governed by French law as currently in force for informational purposes only and does not address all the French legal considerations that may be relevant to holders o f the QSF Exchange Notes. References to the holders o f the QSF Exchange Notes below include the holders o f the Notes acting through, or in place of, the Issuer w ith respect to the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral.
French laws and proceedings affecting creditors include debt rescheduling pursuant to Articles 1244-1 et seq. of the French Civil Code (Code civil), m andat ad hoc proceedings (mandats ad hoc), conciliation proceedings (procedure de conciliation), safeguard proceedings (procedure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard proceedings (procedure de sauvegarde acceleree), accelerated financial safeguard proceedings (sauvegarde financiere acceleree) and judicial reorganization or liquidation proceedings (redressement or liquidation judiciaire). In general, French insolvency legislation favors the continuation o f a business and the protection o f em ploym ent over the paym ent o f creditors.
U nder the EU Insolvency Regulation, French courts shall have jurisdiction over the m ain insolvency proceedings if the center o f the d e b to r's m ain interests is situated in France. In the case o f a com pany o r legal person, the place o f the registered office shall be presum ed to be the "center o f its m ain interests" in the absence o f proof to the contrary. In determ ining w hether the "center o f m ain interests" o f a com pany is in France, French courts will take into account a broad range o f factual elements.
French insolvency law w as last m odified notably by O rdinances n° 2014-326 dated M arch 12, 2014, Ordinance 2014-1088 dated Septem ber 26, 2014, D ecree N o 2014-736 dated July 1, 2014 and L aw N o 2015/990 dated A ugust 6, 2015 "Loi M a cro n ".
Grace periods
In addition to the pre-insolvency and insolvency laws discussed below, the holders o f the Notes could, like any other creditors, be subject to Articles 1244-1 et seq. o f the French Civil Code (Code civil).
Pursuant to Articles 1244-1 et seq. o f the French Civil Code, French courts may, in any civil or commercial proceedings involving the debtor, taking into account the d e b to r's financial p o sitio n an d the cred ito r's financial needs, defer or otherwise reschedule the paym ent dates o f paym ent obligations over a maxim um period o f two years and decide that any amounts, the paym ent date o f w hich is thus deferred or rescheduled, will bear interest at a rate that is low er than the contractual rate (but not lower than the legal rate published twice a year by order o f the M inistry o f Economy) or that payments made shall first be allocated to the repaym ent o f principal. If a court order under Articles 1244-1 et seq. o f the French Civil Code is made, it will suspend any pending enforcem ent measures, and any contractual interest or penalty fo r late paym ent will not accrue or be due during the period ordered by the court. A creditor cannot contract out of such grace periods. W hen the debtor benefits from a conciliation proceeding, these statutory provisions shall be read in com bination w ith A rticle L .611-7 o f the F rench C om m ercial Code (see "-- C onciliation P ro c e e d in g s").
