In addition to the pre-insolvency and insolvency laws discussed below, the holders o f the Notes could, like any other creditors, be subject to Articles 1244-1 et seq. o f the French Civil Code (Code civil).
Insolvency test
U nder French law, a com pany is considered to be insolvent (en etat de cessation des paiem ents) w hen it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due w ith its available assets taking into account available credit lines and debt m oratoria w hich its creditors have granted to it.
Mandat ad hoc and conciliation proceedings
A French company facing difficulties without being insolvent (or for less than 45 days in the case o f conciliation proceedings) may request the opening o f court-assisted proceedings (m andat ad hoc or conciliation), the aim o f w hich is to reach a n agreem ent w ith the d e b to r's m ain creditors and stakeholders e.g. agreem ent to reduce o r reschedule its indebtedness. These proceedings may only be initiated by the debtor com pany itself, in its sole discretion. M andat ad hoc and conciliation are informal and confidential (subject to the below) proceedings carried out under the aegis o f a court-appointed officer (mandataire ad hoc or conciliateur, whose name can be suggested by the debtor) itself under the supervision o f the President o f the relevant court (usually the Commercial Court), w hich do not involve any stay o f the claims nor pending proceedings. As a consequence, creditors are not barred from taking legal action against the company to recover their claims, but, in practice, they usually accept to do so for the duration o f the proceedings. In any event, the debtor retains the right to petition the relevant judge for a grace period (in conciliation proceedings the President o f the court), as set forth above and below. In conciliation proceedings, the decision would be taken after having heard the conciliator (Article L. 611-7 o f the French Commercial Code).
210
M andat ad hoc and conciliation proceedings may also be used at the request o f the debtor and after the opinion o f the participating creditors has been sought to prepare the sale o f all or part o f the business o f the debtor w ith a view to im plem ent such sale (plan de cession) in a subsequent insolvency proceeding. To ensure transparency, the public prosecutor must be consulted on any offer formalized in the context o f such conciliation proceeding.
Contractual provisions modifying the term s o f an outstanding contract, by diminishing the rights or increasing the obligations o f the debtor solely by reason o f the appointment o f a mandataire ad hoc or the opening o f conciliation proceedings, or any request made to this end are deem ed null and void.
Equally, contractual provisions that would, as the sole result o f the opening o f a m andat ad hoc proceedings or the opening o f conciliation proceedings, m ake the d ebtor b e a r the fees o f the c red ito r's counsel relating to such proceedings for the portion that would exceed three quarters o f the total fee o f the relevant counsel are null and void.
