Contractual provisions modifying the term s o f an outstanding contract, by diminishing the rights or increasing the obligations o f the debtor solely by reason o f the appointment o f a mandataire ad hoc or the opening o f conciliation proceedings, or any request made to this end are deem ed null and void.
Mandat ad hoc proceedings
French law does not provide for any specific rule in respect o f m andat ad hoc proceedings, except that these proceedings (i) are confidential by law (save for their disclosure for statutory auditors if any) and (ii) may only be initiated by the debtor com pany itself, in its sole discretion. M andat ad hoc proceedings are not lim ited in time and are informal proceedings carried out under the supervision o f the president o f the relevant court (usually the Commercial Court), w hich do not involve any stay o f the proceedings.
A company that is facing any type o f difficulties (but w hich is not insolvent (en cessation des paiem ents); see "-- Insolvency Test" above) may request from the President o f the court the appointm ent o f a mandataire ad hoc, whose name it can suggest. The mandataire ad hoc's duties are determ ined by the court. Such mandataire ad hoc is usually appointed in order to facilitate negotiations w ith the debtor's m ain creditors but he cannot coerce the creditors into accepting any proposal. The agreem ent reached by the parties (if any) w ith the help o f such mandataire ad hoc can be reported by the latter to the president o f the court but is not approved by the court. The restructuring agreem ent betw een the company and its main creditors will be negotiated on a purely consensual and voluntary basis; those creditors not willing to take part cannot be bound by the arrangement.
Conciliation proceedings
A French company may, in its sole discretion, apply for the opening o f conciliation proceedings, provided it (i) is not insolvent (see "--Insolvency Test" above), or has been insolvent for few er than 45 days and (ii) experiences current or predictable legal, economic or financial difficulties. The debtor petitions the president o f the Commercial Court for the appointment o f a conciliator (whose name it can suggest) in charge o f assisting the debtor in negotiating w ith some or all o f its creditors and/or trade partners an agreem ent that puts an end to its difficulties, providing e.g. for the restructuring o f its indebtedness. Conciliation proceedings are confidential (subject to the below) and may last up to five months. D uring the proceedings, creditors may continue to sue individually for paym ent o f their claims but they usually in practice accept not to do so. In addition, the debtor retains the right to petition the judge having opened the conciliation proceedings for a grace period.
W ith regard to the grace periods under Articles 1244-1 o f the French Civil Code, the judge having opened conciliation proceedings (i) may grant a grace period even w hen the form al notice asking the debtor to pay w as sent before conciliation proceedings com m enced (and not only during conciliation proceedings) and (ii) may grant a grace period during the im plem entation o f the conciliation agreement fand not only during conciliation proceedings).
This agreement may be either acknowledged (constate) by the president of the court or approved (homologue) by the court.
W hile the conciliation agreement (whether acknowledged or approved) is being implemented, by law (i) any individual proceedings by creditors w ith respect to the claims included in the conciliation agreem ent are suspended, (ii) accrued interest o f the claims governed by the conciliation agreem ent cannot bear them selves interest (notwithstanding Article 1154 o f the French Civil Code) and (iii) the debtor retains the right to petition the President o f the Court who opened conciliation proceedings for debt rescheduling (pursuant to Article 1244-1 o f the French Civil Code m entioned above) in relation to claim s o f non-consenting creditors (other than public creditors) who were called to the conciliation, in w hich case the decision would be taken after having heard the conciliator appointed to supervise the perform ance o f the conciliation agreem ent (m andataire a l 'execution de l 'accord), and taking into account the actual implem entation o f the conciliation agreem ent by the debtor.
