"Ordinary" consultation: F o r debtors w hose accounts are not certified by a statutory auditor o r prepared by a
The French Commercial Code does not state w hether the proposals for settlement can vary according to the creditor. According to legal commentaries, in the absence o f a specific legislative prohibition, varying treatm ent of creditors should in theory be possible, provided that it is justified by the specific position o f the creditors. In practice, it is
213
also possible to make alternative proposals at the consultation stage (which generally breaks dow n into a short-term option, w ith debt remissions and rapid payment o f the balance, and a long-term option, w ith 100% repayment o f the debts o v er 10 years, the courts tend to im pose a long-term solution).
Creditors whose payment terms are not affected by the plan or who are paid in cash in full as soon as the plan is approved or upon adm ission o f their claims may not be consulted.
In the event o f a consultation in writing, if a creditor does not respond within 30 days from receipt of the letter from the creditors' representative, such creditor is deem ed to have accepted the debt rescheduling and/or write-off. However, w ith respect to debt-to-equity swap proposals, the creditors' representatives m ust obtain the agreem ent o f each individual creditor in writing. The creditors' representative keeps a list o f the responses from creditors, w hich is notified to the debtor, the administrator and the monitors.
W ithin the fram ew ork o f an ordinary consultation, if the creditors refuse the proposals that were subm itted to them, the court that approves the safeguard or reorganisation plan can only impose uniform debt deferrals over a m axim um period o f 10 years (it bein g noted that debts w hose m aturity dates exceed the du ratio n o f the p lan are not concerned and their maturity dates shall rem ain the same). Any debt w rite-off or debt-to-equity swap is contingent on individual acceptance.
The first payment must be made within a year o f the judgment adopting the plan (in the third and subsequent years, the am ount o f each annual instalm ent m ust be o f at least 5% o f the total am ount o f each adm itted debt claims).
Committee-based consultation: For debtors who meet the aforementioned criteria, or for debtors who do not but w ith the authorization o f the supervisory judge, the court-appointed adm inistrator sets up two creditors' committees, on the basis o f the debts that arose prior to the opening judgm ent: one for credit institutions (or assimilated institutions and entities having granted credit or advances in favor o f the debtor, or the assignees of such claim or of a claim acquired from a supplier), and the other for suppliers having a claim that represents more than 3% o f the total amount o f the claims o f all the d eb to r's suppliers. T hese com m ittees w ill b e consulted o n the safeguard o r reorganisation p lan drafted by the d eb to r's m anagem ent w ith the assistance o f the ju d icial adm inistrator during the observation period. In addition, any m em ber o f a committee may submit an alternative safeguard or reorganisation plan to the debtor and the court-appointed adm inistrator it being specified that these alternative plans are subject (i) to the preparation o f a report fo r each alternative plan from the adm inistrator and (ii) to the same two-thirds m ajority vote in each com m ittee and by a two-thirds majority vote o f the general meeting o f the holders o f the Notes (although the holders o f the Notes are not perm itted to present their ow n alternative plan) for their approval.
