Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures
This exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum presents non-IFRS measures and ratios, including EBITDA, capital expenditures, cash conversion, net secured interest-bearing liabilities, net interest-bearing debt, pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma finance costs and the related leverage and coverage ratios calculated using such non-IFRS measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We present non-IFRS measures because we believe that they and similar measures are widely used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The non-IFRS measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our operating results as reported under IFRS. Non-IFRS measures and ratios such as EBITDA, capital expenditures, cash conversion, net interest-bearing debt, net secured interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma finance costs and the related leverage and coverage ratios are not measurements of our performance or liquidity under IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles. Other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently and, consequently, our presentation may not be readily comparable to other companies' figures. In particular, you should not consider EBITDA or cash conversion as an alternative to (a) operating earnings or profit/loss for the period (as determined in accordance with IFRS) as a measure of our operating performance, (b) cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities as a measure of our ability to meet our cash needs or (c) any other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting principles. EBITDA, capital expenditures, cash conversion, net secured interest-bearing liabilities, net interest-bearing debt, pro forma secured net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma net interest-bearing liabilities, pro forma finance costs, and the related leverage and coverage ratios have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS.
Production Capacity
We estimate production capacity using the production capacity of our mills as a demonstrated maximum production output (in tons per year) which we derive by annualizing (based on 362 days) the average saleable paper production output (in tons per hour) from the three calendar months with the highest production volumes over the last twelve-month period that have a capacity utilization rate of greater than 90%. Our estimates of production capacity are unaudited and involve significant estimates and assumptions made by our management.
We use an average saleable production (in tons per hour) of the three calendar months with the highest production volumes in a twelve-month period as we believe it represents an accurate approximation of the maximum capabilities of the equipment and processes, and a repeatable high-performance production rate, given the same conditions. We use months in which we achieve a capacity utilization rate of greater than 90% because we believe these represent periods when minimum external factors, such as scheduled stops for maintenance or holidays, have interrupted the normal operation of paper production.
We use 362-day years because time is required each year to perform work that can only be done during a paper machine stop. Paper machine shutdowns for operational and maintenance reasons are part of normal operations and are not intended to be included in our estimates.
With effect from January 1, 2011, we implemented a new calculation for the measurement of capacity at all of our mills, which assumes a lower paper weight (as measured in gsm) produced at the relevant mill. This change was introduced in response to a general trend towards thinner and lighter paper, particularly in Europe. This change affects the comparability of capacity figures for periods prior to January 1, 2011 as the new system for measuring capacity results in small differences in the capacity at certain of our mills.
xx
EXCHANGE RATES
