The first payment must be made within a year o f the judgment adopting the plan (in the third and subsequent years, the am ount o f each annual instalm ent m ust be o f at least 5% o f the total am ount o f each adm itted debt claims).
The com m ittees m ust vote o n the safeguard o r reorganisation p la n w ithin a m inim um o f 15 days o f its submission. The plan must be approved by a vote o f each committee, constituting a two-thirds majority o f the claims of the creditors casting a vote. The amounts o f the claims secured by a trust (fiducie) granted as security interest by the debtor are not taken into account. In addition, creditors fo r whom the plan does not provide any m odification o f their repaym ent schedule or provides for a paym ent o f their claims in cash in full as soon as the plan is adopted or as soon as their claims are adm itted do not take part in the vote.
If there are any holders o f the Notes, they are required to vote on the plan during a general meeting o f all holders o f the Notes held for that purpose and approve the plan at the same two-thirds majority vote. Approval o f the plan at the two-thirds majority shall, if the plan is approved by the court, bind all the members o f the committees and the holders of the Notes (including those who voted against the adoption o f the plan). The plan subm itted to the committees and the general m eeting o f the holders o f the Notes, if any, must take into account subordination agreem ents entered into by the creditors before the commencement o f the proceedings, may treat creditors differently if it is justified by their differences in situation and may notably include debt rescheduling or write-offs, and/or debt-for-equity swaps (debt-for-equity swaps requiring the relevant shareholder consent).
Each creditor m em ber o f a creditors committee and each note holder must, if applicable, inform the judicial administrator o f the existence o f any agreement w hich makes the exercise o f its vote subject to any conditions or whose purpose is the full or total paym ent by a third-party o f its claim as well as o f any subordination agreement. The judicial adm inistrator shall then submit to the creditor/note holder a proposal fo r the com putation o f its voting rights in the creditors committee/bondholders general meeting. In the event o f a disagreement, the creditor/note holder or the judicial administrator may request that the m atter be decided by the president o f the applicable court in summary proceedings (en refere).
If, the creditors' com m ittees and the general m eeting o f the holders o f the Notes approve the plan, and subject to verification by the court that the interests o f all creditors are sufficiently safeguarded and to a potential rescheduling of the claims o f creditors who are not m embers o f the comm ittees or o f the general meeting o f the holders o f the Notes (as discussed hereinafter), the court will approve the plan.
214
For those creditors outside the creditors' committee or the general meeting o f the holders o f the Notes, they are consulted following the "ordinary" consultation process (see above).
In the event that the debtor com pany's proposed safeguard o r reorganisation p lan is no t approved b y b o th committees and the general meeting of holders o f the Notes within the first six months o f the observation period (it being noted that this 6 month period may be extended by the court at the request o f the judicial adm inistrator to the extent it does not exceed the duration o f the observation period), either because they do not vote on the plan or because they reject it, the court can still adopt a safeguard or reorganisation plan in the tim e rem aining until the end o f the observation period. In such a case the rules are the same as those applicable to creditors who are not part o f the committees and who are not holders o f the Notes (see the "ordinary" consultation described above). The administrator notifies the proposals for the settlement o f debts to the court-appointed creditors' representative, who, individually or collectively, obtains the agreement o f each creditor who filed a proof o f claim, regarding the debt rescheduling o r write-offs or debt-to-equity swaps proposed. If the creditors refuse the proposals that were submitted to them, the court that approves the safeguard o n reorganization p lan can only im pose uniform debt deferrals over a m axim um p eriod o f 10 years. Any d eb t w rite-o ff or debt-to-equity swap is contingent on individual acceptance.
Creditors for w hom the plan does not provide any am endm ent to their repaym ent term s or provides for a full repayment in cash of their claims as soon as the plan is adopted or as soon as their claims are admitted do not need to be consulted on the plan.
