In the event that the debtor com pany's proposed safeguard o r reorganisation p lan is no t approved b y b o th committees and the general meeting of holders o f the Notes within the first six months o f the observation period (it being noted that this 6 month period may be extended by the court at the request o f the judicial adm inistrator to the extent it does not exceed the duration o f the observation period), either because they do not vote on the plan or because they reject it, the court can still adopt a safeguard or reorganisation plan in the tim e rem aining until the end o f the observation period. In such a case the rules are the same as those applicable to creditors who are not part o f the committees and who are not holders o f the Notes (see the "ordinary" consultation described above). The administrator notifies the proposals for the settlement o f debts to the court-appointed creditors' representative, who, individually or collectively, obtains the agreement o f each creditor who filed a proof o f claim, regarding the debt rescheduling o r write-offs or debt-to-equity swaps proposed. If the creditors refuse the proposals that were submitted to them, the court that approves the safeguard o n reorganization p lan can only im pose uniform debt deferrals over a m axim um p eriod o f 10 years. Any d eb t w rite-o ff or debt-to-equity swap is contingent on individual acceptance.
The creditors' representative in insolvency proceedings can summon a shareholder to pay any outstanding amount due over the shares he subscribed.
The opening judgm ent o f insolvency proceedings leads to the immediate maturity o f the amount not paid up of the share capital.
W hen the court mandates the adm inistrator to convene the shareholder general meetings, in order to vote on the modifications o f the articles o f association provided by the plan, the adm inistrator may decide that the general meeting will rule on first convening, by the majority o f the votes held by the shareholders attending the meeting or represented at the meeting, provided that said shareholders hold at least half the shares with voting rights. O n second convening, the com m on law provisions relating to the quorum and m ajority requirements shall apply.
In reorganization proceedings, if the equity capital o f the debtor is lower than half o f the share capital and has not been restored, the administrator may request the Court to appoint a trustee (mandataire en justice) to convene the shareholders m eeting and to vote in place o f the shareholders refusing to vote to restore the sh areh o ld er's equity if the plan provides for a m odification o f the share capital to the benefit o f any third-party undertaking to comply with the recovery plan.
In addition, Law n°2015-990 dated 6 August 2015, entitled "M acron Law", has introduced a new provision (Article L.631-19-2 o f the French Com m ercial Code) applicable to judicial reorganization proceedings opened as from August 7, 2015, in the cases where (i) a debtor (a) employs at least 150 em ployees or (b) is a dom inant com pany (within the m eaning o f article L.2331-1 o f the French Labour Code) o f one or more companies w ith at least 150 employees in aggregate, (ii) the disappearance o f such debtor is likely to cause serious disturbance to the national or local economy and to local employment, and (iii) a share capital m odification appears - after review o f total or partial transfer plan solutions - the only credible solution to avoid such a disturbance and to allow the d eb to r's business activities to continue. In summary, if, in such event, a reorganization plan provides for a m odification o f the share capital in favour o f one or more person(s) who undertake to im plem ent the plan and the existing shareholders refuse to vote such share capital modification, the court may, under certain procedural and substantial conditions (e.g. the paym ent to the evicted shareholders o f an amount corresponding to the value o f their shares, as determ ined by a court appointed expert if no agreement as to such value is reached am ong the parties) and upon request o f the court-appointed administrator or the public prosecutor, either (a) appoint a trustee (m andataire) to vote in favour o f a share capital increase in lieu o f the dissenting shareholders up to the am ount provided for in the plan or (b) order, in favour o f the person(s) who have undertaken to im plem ent the plan, the transfer o f all or part of the shares owned by the dissenting shareholders who own (directly or indirectly) a m ajority o f voting rights (including pursuant to any arrangem ent to that effect with any other shareholder that is not contradictory to the d eb to r's interest) o r hold a blo ck in g m inority in the com pany. A ny approval clause is deem ed null and void.
Specific case-- creditors that are public institutions: Public creditors (financial administrations, social security and unem ploym ent insurance organizations) may agree to grant debt remissions under conditions that are sim ilar to those that would be granted by a private economic operator placed in the same position, under normal market conditions. Public creditors may also decide to enter into subordination agreements for liens or mortgages, or relinquish these Security Interests. For such purpose, public creditors are consulted under specific conditions, w ithin the fram ework o f a commission before which the heads o f finance departments o f the organizations and institutions concerned are
215
represented. The tax adm inistrators may grant relief from all direct taxes. W ith regard to indirect taxes, relief may only be granted from default interest, adjustments, penalties or fines.
