The total duration o f the accelerated safeguard proceedings is three months, while the duration o f the accelerated financial safeguard proceedings is one month, unless the court decides to extend it by one additional month. If no plan is adopted by the creditors committee(s) and the general assembly o f the holders o f the Notes at the relevant majority rules within such timeframe, the Court shall terminate the accelerated safeguard or accelerated financial safeguard proceedings and cannot impose any uniform debt rescheduling.
Judicial reorganization or liquidation proceedings (redressement or liquidation judiciaire) may be initiated against or by a company only if it is insolvent (en etat de cessation des paiem ents) (see "--Insolvency Test") and, for the liquidation proceedings only, if the co m p an y 's recovery is m anifestly im possible. The com pany is required to p etition for judicial reorganization or liquidation proceedings (or for conciliation proceedings) w ithin 45 days o f becom ing insolvent. If it does not, de jure managers (including directors) and, as the case may be, de facto managers may incur civil liability. Such proceedings may also be initiated by any creditor or the public prosecutor.
The date o f insolvency (cessation des paiem ents) is deem ed to be the date o f the court order com m encing ju d icial reorganization o r liquidation proceedings, unless the court sets an earlier date, w h ich m ay b e up to 18 m onths before the date o f the court order commencing such proceedings. Except for fraud, the date o f insolvency may not be fixed at an earlier date than the date o f the final court decision that approved an agreement (homologation) in the context o f conciliation proceedings. The date o f insolvency (cessation des paiem ents) is important because it marks the beginning o f the suspect period (periode suspecte). C ertain transactions undertaken during the suspect p eriod m ay b e v o id or voidable.
Under judicial reorganization proceedings the judicial administrator appointed by the court will assist the debtor in m aking som e o r all the m anagem ent decisions (m ission d 'assistance) and m ay also b e em pow ered b y the court to take over the m anagem ent and control the com pany (m ission d 'adm inistration). The opening o f liquidation proceedings entails the relief o f the debtor o f the management.
The court order commencing the proceedings may order either the judicial reorganization or the judicial liquidation o f the company. In the judicial event o f reorganization, an adm inistrator is usually appointed by the court (administrateur judiciaire) to investigate the business o f the company during an initial observation period, which may last up to 18 m onths, and m akes proposals either fo r the reorganization o f the com pany (by helping the d ebtor to elaborate a reorganization plan-- see above), o r the sale o f the business (p la n de cession). The adm inistrator m ay also request the Court to open judicial liquidation proceedings where the recovery o f the company appears manifestly impossible. Creditors committees and general meeting o f the holders o f the Notes may be created under the same conditions as in safeguard proceedings. At any time during this observation period, the court can order the judicial liquidation o f the company under specific conditions (see above). At the end o f the observation period, the outcome of the proceedings is decided by the court.
Concerning the judicial liquidation proceedings, there are two possible outcomes o f such liquidation scenario:
· a sale o f the business (plan de cession), or
· a sale o f the assets one by one (via auction sales or sales on an amicable basis).
The Court may term inate the proceedings w hen the interest o f the continuation o f the liquidation process is disproportionate compared to the difficulty to sell the assets. The Court may also appoint a mandataire in charge of continuing ongoing lawsuits and allocate the amounts received from these lawsuits.
