If the court decides to order the judicial liquidation o f the company, the court will appoint a liquidator to sell the assets o f the company and settle the relevant debts in accordance with their ranking. However, in practice, if a plan for the sale o f the business is under consideration, the court will usually appoint a judicial adm inistrator to manage the company and organize such sale o f the business.
219
order o f priority am ong them selves depends on various factors (in particular, the French State and other public institutions benefit from the highest ranking, w ith respect to taxes and social charges). Some creditors may nevertheless bypass this order o f priority, e.g. if they benefit from a retention right over certain assets.
Limitation on enforcement of Security Interests
Security Interests governed by French law may only secure paym ent obligations and may only be enforced following a payment default (including following acceleration) and may only secure obligations up to the secured amount that is due and rem aining unpaid. U nder French law, pledges over assets may generally be enforced at the option o f the secured creditors either (i) pursuant to a judicial process (x) by way o f a sale o f the pledged assets in a public auction (the proceeds o f the sale being paid to the secured creditors) or (y) by way o f the judicial foreclosure (attribution judiciaire) o f the pledged assets or (ii) by way o f contractual foreclosure (attribution conventionnelle or pacte com m issoire) o f the pledged assets to the secured creditors, following w hich the secured creditors becom e the legal owner o f the pledged assets.
If the secured creditors choose to enforce by way o f foreclosure (whether a judicial foreclosure or private foreclosure), the secured liabilities would be deem ed extinguished up to the value o f the foreclosed assets. In proceedings regarding an attribution judiciaire or a pacte commissoire, an expert is appointed to value the collateral (in this case, the securities). If the value of the collateral exceeds the am ount o f secured debt, the secured creditor may be required to pay the pledgor an am ount (the soulte) equal to the difference betw een the value o f the securities and the am ount o f the secured debt. This is true regardless o f the actual am ount o f proceeds ultim ately received by the secured creditor from a subsequent sale o f the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral.
If the value o f such securities is less than the am ount o f the secured debt, the relevant am ount owed to the relevant creditors will be reduced by an am ount equal to the value o f such securities, and the rem aining amount owed to such creditors will be unsecured.
Should the holders o f the security over such collateral decline to request the judicial or contractual foreclosure o f the securities, an enforcement o f the pledged securities could be undertaken through a public auction in accordance w ith applicable law. Since such public auction procedures are not designed for a sale o f a business as a going concern, however, it is possible that the sale price received in any such public auction m ight not reflect the value o f our business as a going concern.
Parallel debt
