Should the holders o f the security over such collateral decline to request the judicial or contractual foreclosure o f the securities, an enforcement o f the pledged securities could be undertaken through a public auction in accordance w ith applicable law. Since such public auction procedures are not designed for a sale o f a business as a going concern, however, it is possible that the sale price received in any such public auction m ight not reflect the value o f our business as a going concern.
U nder French law, certain "accessory" Security Interests such as pledges require that the pledgee and the creditor be the same person. Such Security Interests cannot be held on behalf o f the creditors by third parties who do not hold the secured claim, unless they act as Trustees (fiduciaires) under Article 2011 o f the French Civil Code or as security agents (agents des suretes) under Article 2328-1 o f the French Civil Code, w hich is not the case here for the security docum ents governed by French law. The holders o f interests in the Notes from tim e to time will not be parties to the security documents. In order to perm it the holders o f the Notes to benefit indirectly from a secured claim, the Intercreditor Agreem ent will provide for the creation o f a "Parallel D ebt." Pursuant to such Parallel Debt, the Security Agent becom es the holder o f a claim equal to each amount payable by an obligor under the Indenture and the Intercreditor A greem ent (see "R isk F actors--R isks R ela ted to the Q S F E xchange N otes C ollateral-- The Security In terests in the Q SF E xchange N otes C ollateral w ill n o t be g ra n te d directly to the holders o f the N o tes"). The pledges governed by French law will directly secure the Parallel Debt, will not directly secure the obligations under the Notes and may not secure the other indebtedness secured by the QSF Exchange N otes Collateral. There is one published decision o f the French Supreme Court (Cour de cassation) on Parallel D ebt m echanism s (Cass. com. Septem ber 13, 2011 n°10-25533 Belvedere) relating to a bond docum entation governed by N ew Y ork law. Such a decision recognized the enforceability in France o f certain rights (especially the filing o f claims in safeguard proceedings) of a security agent benefiting from a Parallel Debt. In particular, the French Supreme Court upheld the proof o f claim o f the legal holders o f a Parallel D ebt claim, considering that it did not contravene French international public policy (ordre public international) rules. The ruling was made on the basis that the French debtor was not exposed to double paym ent or artificial liability as a result o f the Parallel D ebt mechanism. A lthough this court decision is generally view ed by legal practitioners and academics as recognition by French courts of Parallel Debt structures in such circumstances, there can be no assurance that such a structure w ill be effective in all cases before French courts. Indeed, it should be noted that the legal issue addressed by it is lim ited to the p roof o f claims. The French court was not asked to generally uphold French Security Interests securing a Parallel Debt. It is also fair to say that case law on this m atter is scarce and based on a case-by-case analysis. Such a decision should not be considered as a general recognition o f the enforceability in France o f the rights o f a security agent benefiting from a Parallel Debt claim and no assurance can be given that such a structure will be effective in all cases before French courts. There is no certainty that the Parallel D ebt construction will eliminate or mitigate the risk o f unenforceability under French law. To the extent that the Security Interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral created under the Parallel Debt structure are successfully challenged by other parties, holders o f the
220
Notes will not receive any proceeds from an enforcement o f the security interest in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the Parallel Debt.
Trustee
Pledges governed by French law may also be granted to the benefit o f the Security Agent as trustee for the holders o f the Notes in accordance w ith the provisions o f the Agency Agreement, and may therefore not directly be granted to holders o f the Notes. A concept o f "trust" has been recognized for tax purposes by Article 792-0 bis o f the FTC and the French Supreme Court (Cour de cassation) has held, in the Belvedere decision referred to above in respect o f the Parallel D ebt concept, that a trustee validly appointed under a trust governed by the laws o f the State o f N ew Y ork could validly be regarded as a creditor in safeguard proceedings opened in France. However, while substantial comfort m ay be derived from the above, France has not ratified the L a H aye C onvention o f July 1, 1985 o n the law applicable to trusts and on their recognition, so that the concept o f "trust" has not been generally recognized under French law. To the extent that the Security Interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral created under the trust construct are successfully challenged by other parties, holders o f the Notes will not receive any proceeds from an enforcem ent o f the security interest in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral securing the trustee rights.
Fraudulent conveyance
French law contains specific provisions dealing with fraudulent conveyance both in and outside insolvency proceedings, the "action paulienne" provisions, which offer creditors protection against a decrease in their means of recovery. A legal act perform ed by a person (including, without limitation, an agreem ent pursuant to which such person guarantees the performance o f the obligations o f a third-party or agrees to provide or provides security for any o f such p erso n 's o r a third-party's obligations, enters into additional agreem ents ben efitin g fro m existing security and any o th er legal act having similar effect) can be challenged in or outside insolvency proceedings o f the relevant person by, as the case m ay be, the creditors' representative (m andataire judiciaire), the com m issioner o f the safeguard o r recovery p lan (com m issaire a l 'execution du p la n ) o f the relevant p erso n o r by any o f the creditors o f the relevant perso n w ho w as prejudiced in its means o f recovery as a consequence o f the act in or outside insolvency proceedings, and may be declared unenforceable against third parties if: (i) the person perform ed such acts w ithout an obligation to do so; (ii) the creditor concerned or, in the case o f the p e rso n 's insolvency proceedings, any creditor, w as prejudiced in its m eans o f recovery as a consequence o f the act; and (iii) at the time the act was perform ed both the person and the counterparty to the transaction knew o r should have k n o w n that one o r m ore o f such p e rso n 's creditors (existing o r future) w ould be prejudiced in their means o f recovery, unless the act was entered into for no consideration (a titre gratuit), in w hich case such knowledge o f the counterparty is not necessary for a successful challenge on grounds o f fraudulent conveyance. If a court found that the granting o f the security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral involved a fraudulent conveyance that did not qualify for any defense under applicable law, then the granting o f such security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral could be declared unenforceable against third parties or declared unenforceable against the creditor who lodged the claim in relation to the relevant act. As a result o f such successful challenges, holders o f the Notes may not enjoy the benefit o f the security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral and the value o f any consideration that holders o f the Notes received with respect to the security interests in the QSF Exchange Notes Collateral could also be subject to recovery from the holders o f the Notes and, possibly, from subsequent transferees. In addition, under such circumstances, holders o f the Notes might be held liable for any damages incurred by prejudiced creditors of the French grantor as a result of the fraudulent conveyance.
221
