INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
224
EXCHANGE AND TABULATION AGENT The Parent has retained Lucid Issuer Services Lim ited to act as Exchange and Tabulation Agent. The Exchange and Tabulation Agent will receive a customary fee for its services, as well as reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. For the purposes of the settlement of the Exchange Offers on the Settlement Date, the Parent will calculate, or procure the calculation on its behalf of, the Accrued Interest Payments (in each case, as applicable) for each Holder in respect o f the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes validly offered for exchange by such H older and accepted by the Parent. All such determ inations and calculations by the Parent, or by a third-party acting on its instructions and on its behalf, will, absent manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Parent and the Holders. None of the Exchange and Tabulation Agent or any o f its directors, em ployees or affiliates assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Exchange Offers, Consent Solicitations, the Parent, the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer, the Existing Notes Trustees, any other Group company, the Relevant 2016/2017 Notes or the Exchange Notes contained in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum or for any failure by the Parent and/or the Q SF Exchange Notes Issuer to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy o f such information. None o f the Parent, the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer, the Existing Notes Trustees, the Exchange and Tabulation Agent, or any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate o f any such person, is acting fo r any Holder, or will be responsible to any H older for providing any protections which would be afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Exchange Offers and/or Consent Solicitations, and accordingly none o f the Exchange and Tabulation Agent, the Parent, the QSF Exchange Notes Issuer, any other Group company or any o f their respective directors, employees or affiliates make any representation or recommendation whatsoever regarding the Exchange Offers and/or Consent Solicitations or expresses any view s on the merits thereof, or any recom m endation as to whether Holders should offer Relevant 2016/2017 Notes for exchange or participate in the Consent Solicitations. The Exchange and Tabulation Agent is the agent o f the Parent and does not owe any duty to any Holder.
225
W H ER E YOU CAN FIND O TH ER IN FO RM A TIO N For so long as any o f the Exchange Notes are "restricted securities" w ithin the meaning o f Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities A ct, w e w ill, during any period in w h ich w e are n either subject to the reporting req uirem ents o f S ectio n 13 or 15(d) o f the Exchange Act nor exem pt from the reporting requirements under Rule 12g3-2(b) o f the Exchange Act, provide to the H older or Beneficial O w ner o f such restricted securities or to any prospective purchaser of such restricted securities designated by such H older or Beneficial Owner, in each case upon the written request o f such Holder, Beneficial O w ner or prospective purchaser, the inform ation required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Any such request should be directed to us. All the above docum ents will be available at our registered office.
226
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
Eligible Holders are advised to consult legal counsel prior to m aking any offer, resale, pledge or other transfer o f any o f the Exchange Notes offered hereby. For the avoidance o f doubt, the Equity Subscription Rights are not transferable.
The Equity Subscription Rights and the Ordinary Shares o f the Parent, the Exchange Offers and the issuance of the Exchange Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or securities laws o f any other jurisdiction and, unless so registered, may not be consummated, offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirem ents o f the Securities Act and applicable securities laws o f any other jurisdiction. The Exchange Offers are being made, and the Exchange Notes and Ordinary Shares are being offered and issued, only to Holders of Relevant 2016/2017 Notes (a) in the U nited States, who are QIBs and (b) outside the U nited States, who are not U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold w ithin the U nited States except pursuant to an exem ption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements o f the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Terms defined in Rule 144A or Regulation S shall have the same m eaning w hen used in this section.
