(c)
(d)
the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation Memorandum.
Exchange O ffer Consideration
The submission o f an Exchange Instruction will also constitute an instruction appointing the Exchange and Tabulation Agent (or its nominee) as proxy to attend the M eeting (including any adjournm ent thereof) and vote in favor o f the Extraordinary Resolution in respect o f the Existing Notes. The Exchange O ffer Consideration is also being paid to Holders as consideration for validly delivering and not revoking a consent in respect o f the Existing Notes.
G eneral
The attention o f Holders is particularly draw n to the quorum required for the M eeting and for an adjourned M eeting which is set out in " Voting, Quorum and A djournm ent" below. Having regard to such requirements, Holders are strongly urged either to submit valid Electronic Voting Instructions in accordance with the exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, the Terms and Conditions, the M eeting Provisions and the Fiscal Agency Agreem ent or to attend or to take steps to be duly represented at the Meeting, as referred to below, as soon as possible.
In accordance w ith norm al practice, none of the Fiscal Agent o r the Exchange and T abulation Agent expresses any view as to the m erits of the P roposal o r the E x trao rd in ary R esolution. N one of th e Fiscal A gent o r the Exchange and T abulation A gent has been involved in negotiating the Proposal o r the E x traordinary R esolution o r m akes any representation th a t all relevant inform ation has been disclosed to the H olders in o r p u rsu an t to the exchange offer and consent solicitation m em orandum and the Notice of M eeting. F u rth erm o re, none of the Fiscal Agent or the Exchange and Tabulation A gent m akes any assessm ent of the im pact of the P roposal presented to H olders in the exchange offer and consent solicitation m em orandum on the interests of the H olders o r m akes any recom m endations on the C onsent Solicitation o r w hether acceptance of, o r consent to, the Proposal should be m ade o r given. A ccordingly, H olders who are unsure of the im pact of the Proposal and the E x trao rd in ary R esolution should seek th eir own financial, legal and tax advice.
Holders wishing to attend in person should have the right to attend in accordance with the provisions set out in the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation M emorandum and the M eeting Provisions. Amongst other persons, representatives o f the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent and their respective financial and legal advisers shall have the right to attend the meeting in accordance with the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation Memorandum, the Terms and Conditions, the M eeting Provisions and the Fiscal Agency Agreement, even if they have not been requested to attend.
