Any Electronic Voting Instructions given or forms o f proxy submitted may not be revoked during the period starting 48 hours before the tim e fixed for the M eeting and ending at the conclusion o f such Meeting.
The M eeting shall be entitled to pass the Extraordinary Resolution if two or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 75% in aggregate principal amount o f outstanding Existing Notes are present, and the Extraordinary Resolution shall be passed if a majority consisting o f not less than 75% o f the votes cast at the M eeting are in favor o f the Extraordinary Resolution. In the event that two or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less th an 75% in aggregate principal am ount o f outstanding E x istin g N otes are not p resent w ithin 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for the M eeting, an adjourned M eeting may be convened to be held not less than 14 days no r m ore th an 42 days follow ing the first M eeting, and w ill b e validly constituted if tw o o r m ore persons holding or representing not less than 25% in aggregate principal am ount o f the Existing Notes for the time being outstanding are present at the adjourned Meeting, and the Extraordinary Resolution may be passed if a majority of at least 75% of the votes cast at the M eeting are in favor o f the Extraordinary Resolution.
E-I-4
For the purposes o f determ ining w hether the requisites o f quorum and m ajority o f votes referred to above are complied with, the Exchange and Tabulation Agent will follow the Electronic Voting Instructions delivered by the Beneficial Owners of the Existing Notes in the manner contemplated in the Exchange O ffer and Consent Solicitation M emorandum as well as the M eeting Provisions.
I f a quorum is not present w ithin 15 m inutes at any adjourned M eeting, such ad journed M eeting in respect o f each Series shall be dissolved or at the discretion o f the Chairm an at the adjourned Meeting, further adjourned as provided in the relevant M eeting Provisions.
O n a show o f hands at the M eeting, every V oter (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) shall have one vote. O n a poll every V oter shall have one vote in respect o f each EUR1,000 in principal amount o f the Existing Notes held o r represented by him.
If passed, the Extraordinary Resolution shall become effective upon signing by the Chairman o f the M inutes of the M eeting at which the Extraordinary Resolution was passed. The Extraordinary Resolution once passed, will be binding on all Holders of the Existing Notes whether or not represented at the M eeting and whether or not voting.
This notice and any non-contractual obligations arising out o f or in connection with it shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. By subm itting an Electronic Voting Instruction a H older irrevocably and unconditionally agrees for the benefit of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Exchange and Tabulation A gent and the Fiscal Agent that the courts o f England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out o f or in connection w ith any Consent Solicitation or any o f the documents referred to above and that, accordingly, any suit, action or proceedings arising out o f or in connection w ith the foregoing may be brought in such courts.
The Exchange and Tabulation A gent with respect to the Proposal is:
