(i) for the purposes o f or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring w hilst solvent; or
(f) A nalogous event: any event occurs w hich under the laws o f the K ingdom o f Norway has an analogous effect to any o f the events referred to in paragraphs (d) (Insolvency etc.) to (e) (Winding up, etc.) above,
then (i) in the case o f an event referred to in paragraph (a) above, any N oteholder may, by notice in w riting to the Issuer and to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent, declare such Note to be immediately due and payable w hereupon it shall becom e immediately due and payable at its principal amount, together with accrued interest; and (ii) in the case o f any event referred to in paragraphs (b) through (f) above, the Fiscal Agent shall, upon receipt of w ritten requests to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent from holders o f not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate outstanding principal amount o f the Notes, declare the Notes due and payable, at their principal amount together with accrued interest, without further formality. U pon such declaration by the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice thereof in the manner provided in the Agency Agreement to the Issuer and to the N oteholders in accordance w ith C ondition 16 (Notices). A fter any such declaration by the F iscal A gent, if all amounts then due w ith respect to the Notes are paid (other than amounts due solely because o f such declaration) and all other defaults with respect to the Notes are cured, such declaration may be annulled or rescinded by holders of not less than 50 per cent. in aggregate outstanding principal amount o f the Notes (the "R eq u ired P ercen tag e") by written notice thereof to the Issuer and to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent or by the passing o f an Extraordinary Resolution.
11 P r e s c r ip tio n
Claim s fo r principal and interest shall becom e v o id unless the relevant N otes are presented fo r paym ent w ithin 10 years o f the appropriate Relevant Date.
12 R e p la c e m e n t o f N o tes
If any Note is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant o f the expenses incurred in connection with such replacem ent and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. M utilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
E-I-13
13 P a y in g A g e n ts
