(c) A p p ro p riate forum : The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.
(e) Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the docum ents w hich start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Norske Skog (UK) Ltd. at B irchin Court, 20 B irchin Lane, London E C 3V 9DU or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address o f the Issuer in Great B ritain at w hich process may be served on it in accordance w ith Part X X III o f the Companies A ct 1985. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service o f process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written dem and of any N oteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in E ngland to accept service o f process on its b eh alf and, failing such appointm ent w ith in 15 days, any N oteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office o f the Fiscal Agent. N othing in this Condition 18(e) shall affect the right o f any N oteholder to serve process in any other m anner perm itted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.
(f) C o n sen t to enforcem ent, etc.: The Issuer consents generally in respect o f any final unappealable judgm ent in any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection w ith such Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgm ent which is made or given in such Proceedings.
(g) W aiver of im m unity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself o r its assets or revenues im m unity from suit, execution, attachm ent (whether in aid of execution, before judgm ent or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such imm unity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent perm itted by the laws o f such jurisdiction.
E-I-15
EX H IBIT I- EX CERPTS FR O M 2014 ANNUAL R EPO R T E-I-16
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Norske Skog is one of the world's leading producers of newsprint and magazine paper with an annual production capacity of three million tonnes. Around three quarters of the group's production capacity is located in Europe, consisting of a relatively balanced portfolio of newsprint and magazine paper. The remaining quarter of the group's production capacity consists of newsprint and magazine paper capacity located in Australasia. Historically, Norske Skog has only produced newsprint in Australasia, but through the conversion of one newsprint machine at the Boyer mill in Australia to magazine paper last year, the group is now also in the magazine paper market in the region. Norske Skog is the sole domestic producer of newsprint and magazine paper in Australasia. Following the conversion, four fifths of the group's capacity in the region is newsprint.
