REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The publication paper industry is mature and demand for paper is in secular decline, with migration of advertising and content from print to digital media. However, paper has certain unique characteristics in achieving attention for advertising and readability for knowledge transferral. Recently, web only strategies from publishers and retailers have been overturned and print editions re-launched. Furthermore, paper is a renewable product, made from recycled paper and growing forests, with a competitive carbon footprint compared to digital devices. No product is more recycled than publication paper at 72%. The role of paper is changing in the digital age, but paper remains a unique and key medium.
The European economy has seen weak growth since the global financial crisis in 2007. Imbalances within the European Union (EU) have made it challenging to adjust to the new normal, as fiscal policies have been country specific, while monetary policy has been Eurozone wide. Governments has thus struggled to reignite growth in the economy with demand strangled by deleveraging and the Euro remaining too strong to boost export activity. Political failure to implement needed structural reforms has exacerbated the problem. The publication paper industry is cyclical through advertisement spending and demand for newspapers and magazines. The business cycle has thus amplified the secular demand decline for publication paper. Reduced demand has led to capacity closures, as the industry has realigned the supply side to a new and smaller market. The outlook for the European economy is for continued weak growth. The business cycle effect should therefore be relatively neutral in 2015, while already announced capacity closures should support the operating environment in the industry.
In Australasia, the demand decline for newsprint levelled out last year following a significant decrease in 2013. Strategic shifts by publishers, in a region with historical high paper usage per capita, led to the 2013 decrease. The now converging level of paper usage should therefore lead to a similar secular decline in Australasia as in other mature markets. Australasian demand for magazine paper decreased slightly in 2014.
NORSKE SKOG IN 2014 Norske Skog generated a weak gross operating result in 2014, reflecting an oversupplied magazine paper market in Europe, which depressed margins and due to a prolonged ramp-up of the new magazine paper machine at Boyer in Australia. The delayed ramp-up led to a significant negative contribution from the newly converted machine in 2014.
Norske Skog completed two large development projects in 2014. At the Saugbrugs mill in Norway, a more energy efficient pulping facility was commissioned, reducing electricity usage. And at Boyer in Tasmania, the conversion of one newsprint machine to coated magazine paper, gave the group exposure to a new market in the region. To optimise the usage of the mill sites, Norske Skog further facilitates access for entrepreneurial initiatives at several locations.
In January 2014, Norske Skog divested its remaining 49% stake in Norske Skog Pisa in Brazil to a consortium of Chilean investors. The consortium had already bought a 51% stake in Pisa in 2013. In 2012, the consortium acquired Norske Skog Bio Bio in Chile.
INCOME STATEMENT AND CASH FLOW Norske Skog's operating revenue in 2014 was NOK 12 billion (NOK 13 billion in 2013). The reduction largely reflected lower capacity in the group following the closure of one machine at Walsum in Germany in December 2013, the divestment of the Singburi mill in Thailand in October 2013 and the deconsolidation of the Pisa mill in Brazil from July 2013. Delivery volumes were down 14%to 2.6 million tonnes.
Gross operating earnings were NOK 801 million in 2014 (NOK 862 million). Depreciation was NOK 735 million in 2014 (NOK 728 million).
