REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
BOARD OF DIRECTORS Norske Skog's board of directors consists of Jarle Roth (chair), Eilif Due, Siri Beate Hatlen, Karin Bing Orgland, Jon-Aksel Torgersen and three employee-elected representatives Kjetil Bakkan, Paul Kristiansen and Svein Erik Veie. The board is elected by the general meeting.
CORPORATE MANAGEMENT Norske Skog's corporate management consists of Sven Ombudstvedt (president and CEO), Rune Sollie (CFO), Roar Ødelien (COO) and Lars P. Sperre (SVP Corporate Strategy & Legal).
EMPLOYEES Norske Skog had 2 942 employees at the end of 2014. At the end of 2013, there were 3 237 employees. The reduction during 2014 reflected the closure of one machine at Walsum in Germany in December 2013 and group wide ongoing cost reduction initiatives.
HEALTH AND SAFETY Norske Skog aims to have zero injuries among employees. Health and safety is a corporate responsibility, followed up by the individual business units. All near misses and injuries are reported in a global system. Experiences from every single incident are shared with the entire organisation. The H1value, which represents lost-time injuries per million working hours, was 0.97 in 2014. Norske Skog had an absence rate due to sickness of 3.8% in 2014.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Norske Skog's research and development work is performed at the individual business units and in cooperation with external research institutions. The work is coordinated centrally, where the aim is to leverage synergies and best practices throughout the group. There is a continuous focus on developing new paper products to meet market expectations. An example is the research at Saugbrugs on how to apply nano-cellulose to improve paper production.
GENDER EQUALITY, GENDER BALANCE AND DIVERSITY The paper industry has traditionally had few female employees. The proportion of women in Norske Skog has been stable at around 10% for many years.
Norske Skog's board of directors consists of five members elected by the shareholders and three members elected by and among the employees. There are three men and two women among the shareholder-elected members. All of the employee-elected representatives are men. An exception
from the gender balance requirement for employee-elected board members is granted for companies with a total female percentage of less than 20%. Norske Skog complies with the requirement for gender balance on boards of Norwegian public limited companies.
