Norske Skog's board of directors consists of five members elected by the shareholders and three members elected by and among the employees. There are three men and two women among the shareholder-elected members. All of the employee-elected representatives are men. An exception
EMPLOYEE REPRESENTATIVES Norske Skog signed a renewal in 2013 of the global employee rights agreement with Norwegian Federation of Trade Unions and the International Federation of Chemical, Energy, Mine and General worker's unions (ICEM).
COOPERATION PROJECTS Norske Skog and the environmental foundation Bellona have signed a partnership agreement to create a more environmentally-friendly supply chain. The collaboration aims to reduce the environmental impact of current production, utilising logs in a better way and finding the right commercial environmental solutions for production of bio-energy and bio-waste.
RISK MANAGEMENT Norske Skog performs an annual Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) evaluation based on reports from all operating units and corporate functions. The report is presented to the board and is part of the group's risk management activities.
The main risk exposures for the group are linked to price and volume developments for newsprint and magazine paper and the costs of key input factors such as energy and fibre. Currency movements and developments in the broader economic climate remain the largest uncertainties impacting all of the above. High financial leverage in the group amplifies the business risk.
Norske Skog's operations are concentrated on the production of newsprint and magazine paper in Europe and Australasia. Exposure to both newsprint and magazine paper gives product related diversification and two distinct business systems provide geographic diversification.
Norske Skog is not vertically integrated and has to source input factors from third parties. The supply of these input factors is largely covered by long-term contracts which reduce cost fluctuations.
Financial risk management includes currency and liquidity planning. The balance sheet is secured by matching currency denomination of debt and assets. Norske Skog has bonds outstanding issued in EUR and USD, replicating cash flows
from the European assets and the export business outside Europe. The interest rates on these bonds are largely fixed, providing predictability. Liquidity is ensured by a sufficient cash balance and open credit lines linked to accounts receivables (AR) facilities.
