Financial risk management includes currency and liquidity planning. The balance sheet is secured by matching currency denomination of debt and assets. Norske Skog has bonds outstanding issued in EUR and USD, replicating cash flows
Norske Skog performs credit evaluations of counterparties. The group's general insurance is managed centrally through a well-established insurance programme.
Risk factors are further discussed in Note 8 in the consolidated financial statements. Corporate governance is described in a separate section of the annual report.
ENVIRONMENT Norske Skog sets environmental targets for each individual production unit, with clear procedures for performance reporting. The group's annual report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). In 2003, Norske Skog signed the UN Global Compact treaty, for compliance with the principles of human rights, employee rights, the environment and anti-corruption work. All of Norske Skog's business units are certified in accordance with ISO 14001. For further details of Norske Skog's GRI and UN Global Compact reporting, please see Norske Skog's website, www.norskeskog.com/responsibility
RESOURCES AND GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS Use of recovered paper is an important part of the group's energy and climate work. Recovered paper requires less energy in the production process than wood, and thereby reduces greenhouse gas emissions.
Norske Skog prioritises the procurement of logs and wood chips from certified forestry. The company's procurement policy is that all wood must come from sustainable forests. All of Norske Skog business units have traceability certificates to document the origin of wood.
Norske Skog has determined to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 25% from 2006 to 2020. The reduction target includes direct greenhouse gas emissions from paper production, and indirect emissions from purchased electricity and heat. The goal will be achieved through a combination of energy conservation and use of alternative energy sources.
OUTLOOK FOR 2015 Publication paper prices in Europe were relatively stable into 2015, beyond certain foreign exchange effects, particular in the UK market. The market balance for newsprint and
40
