Source: Bloomberg Composite Rate.
SUMMARY
This summary highlights only selected information contained elsewhere in this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. It is not complete and does not contain all o f the information investors should consider before participating in the Exchange Offers or investing in any securities o f the Group. Investors should read carefully this entire exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum. Investors should also read the information under "Risk Factors", beginning on page 26 o f this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum, for more information about important risks that they should consider before participating in the Exchange Offers or investing in any securities o f the Group. Any forward-looking statements are made subject to the information disclosed under "Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" beginning on page vii o f this exchange offer and consent solicitation memorandum.
Overview
We are a leading global publication paper company with total production capacity of 2.8 million tons at our seven mills in Europe and Australasia. We are one of the world's leading producers of newsprint and are a significant producer of magazine paper by production capacity. In Europe, we operate four mills in three countries, Norway, Austria and France with 2.1 million tons of publication paper production capacity, making us the third largest European producer of publication paper. In Australasia (which includes Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea and the neighboring islands), we operate two mills in Australia and one mill in New Zealand with 0.7 million tons of publication paper production capacity. We also operate Australasia's sole newsprint and magazine paper mills, making us a leading provider of publication paper in the region.
Our newsprint paper products include standard and improved grades, while our magazine paper products comprise uncoated super-calendared paper and light- weight coated paper. The end uses of our products are mainly newspapers and magazines, but also include catalogs, inserts/flyers, supplements, free- sheets, directories, direct mail and brochures. Our principal geographic markets for newsprint products are Europe and Australasia, while our main geographic markets for magazine paper products are Europe, Australasia and North America. We sell our products in these markets under well-known brands, including Nornews, Norbright, NorX, Norstar, Norcote, Norsc, Norbook, Vantage and Tasman Directory. Our customers include publishers of leading periodicals in Europe, Australasia and the rest of the world, and we have long-standing relationships with many of our top tier publishing clients.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we estimate that our market shares, based on deliveries for newsprint and magazine paper in Europe, were approximately 13% and 6%, respectively, and that our share of sales by volume for newsprint and coated mechanical in Australasia was approximately 82% and 27%, respectively.
Over the last five years, as a result of a strategic refocus, we have streamlined our business through a broad range of operational initiatives and investments, which we believe have positioned our business to improve its profitability and cash flow generation.
Across our Group, we have implemented continuous cost-improvement initiatives, including headcount reductions and working capital management measures, to improve our cash flow. Such measures include the increased use of receivables financings as well as our recent investment in and completion of a thermo-mechanical pulp (or "TMP") facility at our Saugbrugs mill, which has reduced costs for electricity and pulp.
