OUTLOOK FOR 2015 Publication paper prices in Europe were relatively stable into 2015, beyond certain foreign exchange effects, particular in the UK market. The market balance for newsprint and
ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
magazine paper is expected to improve into the second half of 2015, when already announced capacity closures in the industry have been completed. We find it prudent to emphasize the uncertainty related to these forecasts, due to both volatile markets and currency fluctuations.
Paper prices in Australasia are to a large degree stable reflecting long term pricing contracts and a large logistical disadvantage for non-domestic producers. Export volumes for newsprint out of Australasia track international prices in Asia and is still expected to be challenging.
The new magazine paper machine at Boyer in Australia should give a significantly positive contribution to gross operating earnings in 2015. Last year the machine was a significant negative contributor due to a prolonged ramp-up.
Variable costs for the group are expected to remain relatively stable. Fixed costs initiatives continue.
NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA (THE PARENT COMPANY) The activities of Norske Skogindustrier ASA consist primarily of corporate functions and shared service activities for other Norwegian entities in the group. There has been significant downsizing at the corporate headquarters during recent years. This was reflected in the company's lower employee benefit expenses and other operating expenses.
Financial items amounted to NOK -179 million in 2014. This item included reversal of prior year's impairment losses related to carrying value of shares in subsidiaries of NOK 558 million and dividends from subsidiaries and other companies of NOK 765 million. Reversal of prior year's impairment losses of shares in subsidiaries was a consequence of increased values of the underlying assets. Financial items also included net interest costs of NOK 578 million and negative currency effects of NOK 903 million. Income taxes is related to deferred tax asset, which has been expensed during 2014.
