Over the last five years, as a result of a strategic refocus, we have streamlined our business through a broad range of operational initiatives and investments, which we believe have positioned our business to improve its profitability and cash flow generation.
In Europe, we have improved our operating portfolio, retaining our best assets while strategically reducing underperforming capacity. We closed our Follum mill in Norway and sold our Parenco mill in the Netherlands in 2012. In 2015, we stopped providing financial support to the Walsum mill in Germany and it is no longer part of the operations of the Group. In Australasia, we have maintained revenue visibility and stability by amending and prolonging long-term contracts with the region's two largest consumers of publication paper, securing stable revenues for our future. At the same time, we have diversified our Australasian product mix through the addition of magazine paper production capacity at our Boyer mill, where we are now the region's sole magazine paper producer.
We expect our past investments, when coupled with our renewed focus on key customer geographies, in Europe, where our customers are concentrated in the region's four largest economies, and in Australasia, where we are the leading producer, will enable us to benefit from anticipated improvements in the market for our products. In particular, we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from any future declines in aggregate publication paper production capacity, any future increases in publication paper prices and any future improvements in publication paper mill utilization rates.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we generated NOK 8,451 million (959 million) of consolidated operating revenue and NOK 493 million (56 million) of consolidated EBITDA. Our Publication Paper Europe segment, our Publication Paper Australasia segment and our Other Activities segment represented 54%, 52% and (7%), respectively, of our total consolidated EBITDA for this period.
1
The following charts illustrate the breakdown of our consolidated operating revenue and EBITDA by segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2015:
Revenues by Segment
EBITDA by Segment
Revenuesfor the nine months ended September 30, 2015: NOK 8,451 million (959 million)
