We believe that we are well positioned to benefit from any price increases in the European publication paper sector. According to RISI forecasts, publication paper prices across all grades are expected to increase in 2016. Compared to price levels during the third quarter of 2015, Western European SC prices are expected to increase by 5.2%, LWC prices are expected to increase by 5.1% and newsprint prices are expected to increase by 8.2%. We believe these forecasts imply that the publication paper sector is showing signs of improvement from current pricing levels. Furthermore, we believe that the importance of print for publishers' revenue generation, publishers' investment in print sites, a stabilization of the decline of global publication paper demand and anticipated reductions in overcapacity will be factors that will influence positive pricing trends during the next few years.
Australasia
Similar to Europe, through September 30, 2015, the rate of decline of newsprint demand in Australasia fell to 12.1%, compared to 6.1% in 2014 and 17.1% in 2013. In response to reduced demand, we have significantly reduced newsprint capacity in the region by permanently closing one of our two paper machines at our Tasman mill in 2013, which had an annual newsprint capacity of 160,000 tons, and converting one of the paper machines at our Boyer mill from newsprint to coated mechanical, reducing newsprint capacity in the region by an additional 120,000 tons while adding 140,000 of LWC capacity.
In recent years, the import of publication paper into Australasia has been on a downward trend. Imports of newsprint decreased by 3.8% in 2014 and 11.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to the prior year period, while imports of coated mechanical decreased by 25.1% in 2014 and by 11.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We believe this decrease in imports of newsprint and coated mechanical is, in part, the result of the conversion of one of the paper machines at our Boyer mill. As the sole producer in the region, we believe we have an advantage over our competitors who must incur transportation costs in order to access the market. According to PPPC, demand for coated mechanical increased by 10.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to the prior year period, following a decrease of 10.6% in 2014. Because demand for coated mechanical remains significantly higher than local capacity following the conversion of our paper machine at our Boyer mill, we believe utilization rates will remain high. The SC paper market is covered solely by imports.
Competitive and Credit Strengths
We believe that we benefit from the following competitive and credit strengths:
Strong marketpositions in Australasia and Europe
We are the sole producer of newsprint and magazine paper in Australasia, where we have a leading position in a concentrated newsprint and magazine paper market and compete only against imports. In Europe, we are the third largest producer of publication paper and we export products to North America, Asia and North Africa, which are our most important export destinations from Europe. Based on our global reach and our long-standing commitment to and experience in the publication paper segment, we believe we are a preferred supplier in Australasia and Europe.
3
