31.12.2013
5.43 8.38 10.05 5.00 6.08
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Norske Skogindustrier ASA are set out below. The policies have been consistently applied to all periods presented, unless otherwise stated.
The consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations from the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), as adopted by the European Union (EU). They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of biological assets, available-for-sale financial assets and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
CONSOLIDATION a) Subsidiaries Subsidiaries are all entities over which the group is deemed to have control. The group will have control if it has the power to govern the financial and operating policies, and has exposure to and the power to affect variable returns. Control is generally accompanying a shareholding of more than half of the voting rights.
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date at which control is transferred to the group. They are de-consolidated from the date on which such control ceases.
Intercompany transactions, balances, income and expenses on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Profits and losses resulting from intercompany transactions that are recognised in assets are also eliminated. The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been amended where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the group.
b) Change in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Upon further acquisition of shares in subsidiaries from non controlling interests, the difference between the fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary, is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.
