FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION a) Functional and presentational currency Items included in the financial statements of each of the group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic location in which the entity operates (the "functional currency"). The consolidated financial statements are presented in NOK, which is both the functional and presentational currency of the parent company.
Exchange differences arising from the settlement of accounts receivable/payable and unrealised gains/losses on the same positions are recognised in Operating revenue/Cost of materials respectively. Exchange differences arising from the settlement of other items are recognised within Financial items.
acquisition cost for the qualifying asset.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repair and maintenance costs are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they are incurred.
Land is not depreciated. Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts to their residual values over their estimated useful lives.
The residual value and useful life of property, plant and equipment are reviewed and adjusted. Impairment test of property, plant and equipment are performed annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment are identified. An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount, and included in the income statement line Other gains and losses.
BIOLOGICAL ASSETS Biological assets are measured upon initial recognition and at the end of each reporting period at fair value less estimated point-of-sale costs, unless fair value cannot be reliably measured. A gain or loss arising on initial recognition, and from changes in fair value during a period, is reported in net profit or loss for the period in which it arises. When fair value cannot be reliably estimated, the asset is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS a) Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the group's share of the net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed.
