BIOLOGICAL ASSETS Biological assets are measured upon initial recognition and at the end of each reporting period at fair value less estimated point-of-sale costs, unless fair value cannot be reliably measured. A gain or loss arising on initial recognition, and from changes in fair value during a period, is reported in net profit or loss for the period in which it arises. When fair value cannot be reliably estimated, the asset is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents are presented in the income statement as Financial items.
c) Group companies The results and financial position of all group entities which have a functional currency different from the presentational currency are translated into the presentational currency as follows: i. Assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that balance sheet, ii. Income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates, iii. All resulting exchange differences are booked to comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves.
On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are booked as part of comprehensive income and presented in other equity reserves. When a foreign operation is fully or partially sold, such exchange differences are booked out of comprehensive income and recognised in the income statement line Other gains and losses as part of the gain or loss on sale.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Land and buildings comprise mainly mills, machinery and office premises. All property, plant and equipment (PPE) is shown at historical cost less subsequent depreciation and impairments. Historical cost includes expenditure directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. The residual value of production equipment is defined as the realisable value after deduction of the estimated cost of dismantling and removal of the asset. If the estimated cost exceeds the estimated value, the net liability is added to the cost of the related asset, and a provision is recognised as a liability in the balance sheet.
Borrowing costs, which are directly related to qualifying assets, are recognised as part of the
Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose.
b) Patents and licenses Patents and licenses have a finite useful life and are recognised at historical cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of patents and licences over their estimated useful lives.
c) Computer software Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire the specific software and bring it into use, and amortised over their estimated useful lives. Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognised as an expense as they are incurred. Costs which are directly associated with the development of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the group, and which are likely to generate economic benefits exceeding the costs beyond one year, are recognised as intangible assets. Direct costs include the costs of software development personnel and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads. Computer software development costs recognised as assets are amortised over their estimated useful lives.
