FINANCIAL ASSETS The group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables, and available for sale. This classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition and re-evaluates this designation at every reporting date.
a) Net investment hedge Gains and losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge are recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income statement line Financial items. Gains and losses accumulated in equity are included in the income statement when the foreign operation is disposed of or sold.
b) Derivatives at fair value through profit or loss Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any of these derivative instruments are recognised in the income statement.
The fair value of quoted investments is based on the current market price. If the market for a financial asset is not active, the group applies valuation techniques to establish the fair value. These include the use of recent arm's length transactions, reference to other instruments which are substantially the same, and discounted cash flow analyses defined to reflect the issuer's specific circumstances. Fair value includes the impact of credit risk and the adjustment for credit risk is dependent on whether the derivative is in the money (asset) or out of the money (liability) (see also Note 9).
SHARES, BONDS, CERTIFICATES, BILLS, ETC. Shares, bonds and certificates classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are valued at market value, with changes in fair value recognised in the income statement.
Non-financial commodity contracts where the relevant commodity is readily convertible to cash, and where the contracts are not for own use, fall within the scope of IAS 39 Financial Instruments - recognition and measurement. Such contracts are treated as derivatives in accordance with IAS 39. Norske Skog has a long-term energy contract in New Zealand that is treated as a derivative and measured at fair value through profit or loss. Furthermore, the energy contracts in Norway are nominated in EUR and contain embedded derivatives that are recognised at fair value through profit or loss. See Notes 7, 8 and 9 for more information. Commodity contracts within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as current assets, unless they are expected to be realised more than 12 months after the balance sheet date. In that case, they are classified as non-current assets.
b) Loans and receivables Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments, which are not quoted in an active market. Loans and receivables maturing less than 12 months after the balance sheet date are classified as current assets and presented as Trade and other receivables or Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet. Items maturing later than 12 months after the balance sheet date are presented within Other non-current assets.
c) Available-for-sale financial assets Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives, which are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets unless management intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the balance sheet date.
DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured at their fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The group designates derivatives as either:
