c) Available-for-sale financial assets Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives, which are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets unless management intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the balance sheet date.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Drawn bank overdrafts are shown as Interest-bearing current liabilities in the balance sheet.
INVENTORY Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method, or average purchase price. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.
TRADE RECEIVABLES Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when objective evidence exists that the group will be unable to collect the entire amount due in accordance with the original terms of each receivable. Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy, and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that the trade receivable is impaired. The amount of the provision is the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate.
TRADE PAYABLES Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
a) Hedging of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedge), b) Derivatives at fair value through profit or loss.
Upon inception of a transaction, the group documents the relationship between the hedging instruments and the hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedging transactions. The group also documents its assessment of whether the derivatives that are used are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. This assessment is documented both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis through the hedging period.
Accounting for derivatives follows the intentions underlying the associated contract. At the time a contract is entered into, it is defined as either a hedging or a trading contract.
BORROWINGS Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between proceeds (net of transaction costs) and redemption value is recognised in the income statement over the period of the borrowing, using the effective interest method.
