We are the sole producer of newsprint and magazine paper in Australasia, where we have a leading position in a concentrated newsprint and magazine paper market and compete only against imports. In Europe, we are the third largest producer of publication paper and we export products to North America, Asia and North Africa, which are our most important export destinations from Europe. Based on our global reach and our long-standing commitment to and experience in the publication paper segment, we believe we are a preferred supplier in Australasia and Europe.
Diversified revenue base with strong visibility
We benefit from significant revenue diversification across geographies, paper grades and customers. We also benefit from long-term relationships with customers and high client retention rates. We believe that our customer base, which includes large top tier publishing groups with strong balance sheets, recognizes the importance of having a sustainable and reliable source of publication paper. This dynamic provides us with considerable recurring business and revenue visibility.
In Europe, we have long-standing and stable relationships with many of our customers, including relationships with most of our customers for more than five years and relationships with many customers for between 10 and 20 years. We believe that the creditworthiness of our customer base is validated by our ability to enter into significant factoring facilities in Norway, France and Austria. Our European customer contracts generally provide for quarterly adjustments of pricing.
In Australasia, we recently completed the conversion of one paper machine at our Boyer mill in Tasmania to enable the production of coated mechanical paper. This conversion has enabled us to diversify our regional product mix from newsprint. We are the sole local producer of newsprint and have integrated extensively with our customers' businesses, including, for example, through warehouse and inventory management, integrated supply chain processes, local support and other logistics services. We have long-term contracts with our two largest customers maturing in 2020, which provide us with strong revenue visibility. In addition, we are well-integrated within our customers' value chain due to our provision of warehousing services for newsprint customers and other logistical services. We believe that this integration provides value-added services that make us a strong preferred supplier.
Efficient cost position
The combination of our cost competitive assets, the strategic location of our mills and a stable supply of energy and raw materials provides us with an efficient cost position.
Economies o f scale
We benefit from economies of scale in Europe, where the scale of our Saugbrugs, Skogn and Golbey mills enables us to have low production costs per ton. Our mills are well-positioned to reflect demand for the high value types of paper they produce. Our mix of newsprint and magazine production capabilities within our mills provides us with considerable operational synergies and flexibility. In addition, we have a long-standing continuous cost improvement program and have successfully reduced a number of our operating costs, streamlined our production processes and increased the efficiency of our mills.
