Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. Past-service costs are recognised immediately in income.
b) Share-based remuneration Up to and including 2012, the group had a long-term incentive plan where the allocation of synthetic options to members of corporate management was based on the development of the company's share price in relation to a defined group of listed paper producers. The
A revised long-term incentive plan was launched in 2014. The plan targets a positive share price development over a three-year period from 2014 to 2017 and allows the board to grant synthetic share options to the corporate management and other key employees, including managing directors of the Norwegian business units. During the vesting period, the liability recognised at each reporting date is the IFRS 2 fair value of the award at that date multiplied by the expired portion of the vesting period. See also Note 12.
c) Bonus arrangements The group accrues for bonus arrangements when there exists a contractual obligation, or past practice has created a constructive obligation.
PROVISIONS Provisions for environmental restoration, dismantling costs, restructuring activities and legal claims are recognised when the group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, an outflow of resources is more likely than not to be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
Restructuring provisions comprise mainly employee termination payments. Restructuring costs are costs which are not related to the ongoing operations. This includes for example severance (redundancy) payments, early retirement or other arrangements for employees leaving the company, external costs relating to coaching, counselling and assistance finding new jobs, or external costs to lawyers and legal advisors in relation to the de-manning process, and lease termination penalties. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
Salary which is earned while the employee contributes to the ongoing operations is not classified as restructuring costs. This includes for example salary in the notice period when the employee is working during the notice period, or bonuses earned whilst the employee contributes to the normal operations. These are booked as normal employee benefit expenses. Costs for projects related to improvements are generally ordinary operating costs.
Where a number of similar obligations exist, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised within Financial items.
