Where a number of similar obligations exist, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.
REVENUE RECOGNITION Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of the group's activities. Revenue is shown net of value added tax, returns, rebates and discounts and after eliminating sales within the group. The group's revenue consists almost exclusively of the sale of goods, and the principle for recognition of revenue is the same for newsprint and magazine paper.
Revenue is recognised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have been transferred to the buyer. This will depend upon the buyer's delivery terms and will be in the range from the finalisation of the production to delivery of the goods to the buyer.
The group's terms of delivery are based on Incoterms 2010, which are the official rules for the interpretation of trade terms issued by the International Chamber of Commerce. The timing of revenue recognition is largely dependent on these delivery terms. The group's sales are covered by the following main categories of terms:
· "D" terms, where the group delivers the goods to the purchaser at the agreed destination, usually the purchaser's premises. The point of sale is when the goods are delivered to the purchaser. If the customer is invoiced before delivery of the goods purchased, revenue is only recognised if the customer has taken over a significant part of the gain and loss potential related to those goods,
ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
53
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA
· "C" terms, where the group arranges and pays for the external transport of the goods, but the group no longer bears any responsibility for the goods once they have been handed over to the transporter in accordance with the terms of the contract. The point of sale is when the goods are handed over to the transporter contracted by the seller,
