CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA
· "F" terms, where the purchaser arranges and pays for the transport. The point of sale is when the goods are handed over to the transporter contracted by the purchaser.
DIVIDEND INCOME Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
INTEREST INCOME Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. This is the interest rate that gives a net present value of the cash flow from the loan that is equal to its carrying value.
LEASES Leases in which the lessor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases are charged to the income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.
Leases relating to property and equipment where the group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases. Finance leases are recognised in the balance sheet to the lower of the fair value of the lease property and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Lease payments are apportioned between finance charge and reduction of the outstanding liability, giving a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. The leased property is depreciated according to the same principles applied for other non-current assets. The corresponding rental obligation, net of finance charges, is included in other long-term payables. If the leasing period is shorter than the useful life of the asset and it is unlikely that the group will purchase the asset at the end of the leasing period, the asset is depreciated over the leasing period.
impact on the financial statements):
IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statements IFRS 10 builds on the existing principles that define the concept of control as the determining factor in whether an entity should be included within the consolidated financial statements of the parent company. The standard provides additional guidance to assist in the determination of control. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IFRS 11 Joint arrangements IFRS 11 removes the option for jointly controlled entities to use proportionate consolidation. Instead, the equity method of accounting must be used. The standard specifies two main categories of joint control: joint ventures and joint operations. For joint ventures, joint control is recognised in accordance with the equity method, but for joint operations, the parties shall recognise their rights in the assets and liabilities included in the collaboration. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
