IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statements IFRS 10 builds on the existing principles that define the concept of control as the determining factor in whether an entity should be included within the consolidated financial statements of the parent company. The standard provides additional guidance to assist in the determination of control. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IFRS 12 Disclosures of interests in other entities The standard contains disclosure requirements for all forms of interests in other entities, including joint ventures, associated companies, special purpose entities and other off balance sheet entities. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IAS 27 Separate financial statements (revised) The rules for consolidated financial statements are replaced by the new IFRS 10 and IFRS 12. What remains of IAS 27 is limited to accounting for subsidiaries, jointly controlled entities and associates in separate financial statements. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
GOVERNMENT GRANTS Government grants (except for emission rights, described below) are recognised as income over the period necessary to match the grants on a systematic basis to the costs that they are intended to compensate for. Government grants in the form of compensation for losses which have already been incurred, or in the form of direct financial support which is not directly related to future costs, are recognised as income in the same period as they are awarded.
Government grants related to assets are presented in the balance sheet as deferred income or as a reduction of the cost price of the assets the grant relates to. The grant is then recognised in the income statement either through future periodic income recognition or as a future reduction in the depreciation charge.
EMISSION RIGHTS There is no accounting standard or interpretation in IFRS regarding the accounting treatment for emission allowances or renewable energy certificates. Received allowances are recognised in the balance sheet as intangible assets at the market value on the date the rights are granted. The difference between fair value and the nominal amount paid for the rights is recognised in the balance as a government grant (deferred income).
Emissions are recognised in the income statement as Cost of materials, and the government grant (deferred revenue) is recognised concurrently with emission costs. Unused credits (deferred income) and used allowances are netted against the carrying amount of intangible asset recognised in the balance sheet, when the individual contracts for emission allowances fall due for settlement.
If the received allowances are sufficient to cover the company's emissions, there will be no net cost or net income in gross operating earnings. If it is necessary to acquire additional allowances on the open market, a provision is made based on actual emissions.
If the number of allowances received exceeds actual consumption, the surplus is sold in the market. The gain/loss from the sale is presented as Other gains and losses.
