If the received allowances are sufficient to cover the company's emissions, there will be no net cost or net income in gross operating earnings. If it is necessary to acquire additional allowances on the open market, a provision is made based on actual emissions.
NEW AND AMENDED INTERPRETATIONS AND STANDARDS ADOPTED BY THE GROUP The following standards are mandatory for the first time for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2014 (the new standards adopted by the group, has not had a significant
IAS 28 Investments in associates and joint ventures (revised) As a consequence of the new IFRS 11 and IFRS 12, IAS 28 has been renamed, and the standard now describes the application of the equity method to investments in joint ventures in addition to associates. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1 January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IAS 32 - Financial instruments: presentation (amendment) The amendments clarify some of the requirements for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities in the balance sheet. The standard has been adopted with effect from 1January 2014. It has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
IFRIC 21 - Levies The group has adopted IFRIC 21 Levies with a date of initial application of 1 January 2014. The group operates in a number of countries where it is subject to government levies. The interpretation clarifies that a levy is not recognised until the obligation event specified in the legislation occurs, even if there is no realistic opportunity to avoid the obligation. The standard has not had a significant impact on the financial statements.
NEW STANDARDS, INTERPRETATIONS AND AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING STANDARDS A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1January 2015. None of these has been early adopted in 2014. New standards and amendments that are expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements are listed below:
IFRS 9 Financial instruments IFRS 9 replaces the existing guidance in IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. IFRS 9 includes revised guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments, including a new expected credit loss model for calculating impairment on financial assets, and the new general hedge accounting requirements. IT also carries forward the guidance on recognition and derecognition of financial instruments from IAS 39. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2018 or later. The group has not fully assessed the impact of the adoption of IFRS 9.
IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers IFRS 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for determining whether, how much and
54
