IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers IFRS 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for determining whether, how much and
ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA
when revenue is recognised. It replaces existing revenue recognition guidance, including IAS 18 Revenue, IAS 11 Construction Contracts and IFRIC 13 Customer loyalty programmes. The standard is mandatory for annual periods beginning 1January 2017 or later. A final analysis of the consequences of IFRS 15 has not yet been completed.
There are no other IFRSs or IFRIC interpretations, not yet effective, that are expected to have a material impact on the financial statements.
IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of accounting estimates and assumptions for the future. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the group's accounting policies. Estimates and assumptions, which represent a substantial risk for significant changes in the capitalised value of assets and liabilities during the coming financial year, are discussed below.
a) Critical judgment in applying the group's accounting policies The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosures of contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting period. Norske Skog has for instance applied judgment when identifying and recognising embedded derivatives, when choosing to present certain items as "Other gains and losses" as separate line items and presenting profit or loss from associated companies after operating earnings. It is important to note that the use of a different set of assumptions for the presentation of the consolidated financial statements could have resulted in significant changes in the line items presented.
using valuation techniques. The group uses its judgment to select a variety of methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date. See Note 9 for more information.
g) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that the tax assets will be realised. Significant judgment is required to determine the amount that can be recognised. The recognised amount depends foremost on the expected timing and level of future taxable profits. The judgments relate primarily to tax losses carried forward in Norske Skog's Norwegian operations. When an entity has a history of recent losses, the deferred tax asset arising from unused tax losses is recognised only to the extent that there is convincing evidence that sufficient future taxable profit will be generated. Estimated future taxable profit is not considered as convincing evidence unless the entity demonstrates the ability of generating significant taxable profit in the near future accounting periods or there are certain other events providing sufficient evidence of future taxable profit. The recognition of deferred tax assets is based on a number of assumptions based on management's best judgments. See Note 17 for further information.
