using valuation techniques. The group uses its judgment to select a variety of methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date. See Note 9 for more information.
h) Pensions The present value of the pension obligation depends on several input factors that are determined by means of a number of actuarial assumptions. The assumptions used in calculating the net pension expense (income) include the discount rate and salary adjustment. Changes in these assumptions will affect the carrying value of the pension obligation. See Note 13 for further information.
b) Estimated decline in value of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (PPE) The group performs impairment tests to assess whether there has been a decline in the value of intangible assets and PPE. These are written down to their recoverable amount when the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying value of the asset. The recoverable amount from assets or cash-generating units is determined by calculating the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash-generating unit. Calculation of value in use requires use of estimates. See Note 4 for further information.
c) Annual assessment of the remaining economic life of PPE The group conducts annual reviews of the remaining economic life of PPE. An increase or decrease in the remaining economic life will have an impact on future depreciation, as well as affect the cash flow horizon for calculating value in use. Economic life is estimated by considering the expected usage, physical wear and tear, as well as technical and commercial development. Assessment of future developments in demand in the markets Norske Skog's products are sold is central to the assessment of the economic life of the group's mills. Expected future demand, together with the competitiveness of Norske Skog's mills, is crucial for the determination of economic life. In addition, legal or other restrictions relating to usage could affect the economic life of the mills in the group.
d) Provision for future environmental obligations The group's provision for future environmental obligations is based on a number of assumptions made using management's best judgment. Changes in any of these assumptions could have an impact on the group's provision and group costs. See Note 20 for further information.
e) Residual value and dismantling provision The residual value of the group's production equipment is valued as the anticipated realisable value on the balance sheet date, after deducting the estimated costs relating to asset dismantling, removal and restoration. If the estimated costs exceed the estimated residual values, the net liability is added to the fixed asset cost in the balance sheet and a provision is recognised as a liability. The group performs a review of the residual value of its production equipment at the end of each accounting year. Residual value is affected by short-term changes in the underlying assumptions, for example scrap metal prices. A change in the residual value could have an impact on future depreciation costs. The provision for dismantling costs is based on a number of assumptions made using management's best judgment. See Note 20 for further information.
f) Fair value of derivatives and other financial instruments The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by
ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
55
