ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA
3. OPERATING SEGMENTS
REPORTABLE SEGMENTS Norske Skog is a producer of publication paper. Publication paper includes newsprint and magazine paper. Newsprint encompasses standard newsprint and other paper qualities used in newspapers, inserts, catalogues, etc. These paper qualities, measured in grammes per square meter, will normally be in the range 40-57 g/m2. Magazine paper encompasses the paper qualities super calendered (SC), machine finished coated (MFC) and light weight coated (LWC). These paper qualities are used in magazines, periodicals, catalogues and brochures.
At the end of 2014, Norske Skog had nine fully or partly owned paper mills in seven countries. Two of the mills produce only magazine paper, one produces both magazine paper and newsprint and six mills produce newsprint only.
The composition of Norske Skog's operating segments was changed with effect from 1January 2014. The activities of the Norske Skog group are now focused on two business systems, namely Europe and Australasia. The segment structure is in line with how the group is managed internally. Norske Skog's chief operating decision maker is corporate management, who distribute resources and assess performance of the group's operating segments. According to the operating model, all mills have a direct reporting line to corporate management. The mills have been aggregated into two operating segments, publication paper Europe and publication paper Australasia, based on geographical location. Norske Skog has an integrated strategy in Europe and Australasia to maximize the profit in each region. The optimisation is carried out through coordinated sales and operational planning. The regional planning, in combination with structured sales and operational processes, ensures maximisation of profit.
The comparative figures for 2013 have been restated in accordance with the new segment structure.
PUBLICATION PAPER AUSTRALASIA The publication paper Australasia segment encompasses production and sale of newsprint and magazine paper in Australasia. All the three mills in Australasia and the regional sales organization are included in the operating segment publication paper Australasia.
OTHER ACTIVITIES Activities in the group that do not fall into the operating segments publication paper Europe and publication paper Australasia are presented under other activities. This includes corporate functions, real estate activities, energy (commodity contracts and embedded derivatives in commodity contracts) and other holding company activities.
