4
In response to structural changes in demand and in order to seize a market opportunity within magazine paper, we have also converted production capacity from newsprint to magazine paper. Following a NOK 500 million (60 million) investment, our Boyer mill in Australia now produces coated mechanical paper on one converted machine, making it the sole domestic magazine paper producer in Australasia. Our ability to switch production has enabled us to better adapt to changes in demand between different paper products by reducing production capacity for products that have experienced reduced demand, and by increasing production capacity for products with increased demand. In addition, we have invested more than NOK 200 million (25 million) in a TMP plant at our Saugbrugs mill, resulting in significant reduction of consumption of energy and pulp at that mill, which has also enabled us to expand our product portfolio to new uncoated mechanical segments.
We continue to focus on the implementation of a variety of improvement initiatives and the identification of new sources of efficiency. We achieved total cost reductions of NOK 341 million (39 million) during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Some of our most successful ongoing improvement initiatives include operational enhancements at our Saugbrugs, Bruck and Boyer mills as a result of reduced usage of chemicals and improved energy balance.
Challenging operating environment
In recent years, we have continued to maintain strong cash flows prior to reflecting our debt service payments despite industry revenue declines. We have been able to bolster our cash flow generation by reducing our fixed cost base, improving our management of working capital and selectively selling assets. However, we believe that 2015 was challenging due to the adverse operating environments in both our European and Australasian businesses. In Europe, there was a fight for market share in publication paper during the first half of the year, which resulted in a price decrease for newsprint of approximately 15%. We believe that the current price level is at the cash cost level for efficient mills. In Australasia, the combination of decreasing domestic demand and historically low export prices to Asia put our operations under pressure. We believe that impact to be significantly stronger because we are the sole producer in the region. As a result of this challenging operating environment, EBITDA and cash flow generated in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 are significantly below our expectations.
Our strong focus on working capital management has resulted in an efficient and industry leading working capital management system, as reflected by our reduced inventories and improved control of accounts receivable.
In recent years, maintenance capital expenditure requirements at our mills have remained relatively low and manageable, with capital expenditures of NOK 150 million (20 million), NOK 151 million (19 million) and NOK 173 million (21 million) for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2013 and 2014, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we spent NOK 85 million (10 million) on maintenance capital expenditures. Recently announced growth initiatives, commented on below, are all project financed with development capital expenditures linked to these new businesses beyond the traditional publication paper business. We expect the operating environment to improve in 2016 with the consensus within the industry that prices for publication paper should increase in Europe. We believe that the supply and demand balance should stabilize due to recent capacity closures. Additionally, we expect better margin opportunities to occur in Europe, which would lead to decreasing exportations from Europe to Asia and support the trend in price increase, benefitting the Australasian business. However, we do not believe that these improvements will be enough to balance the lost EBITDA contribution and cash generation from 2015.
Execution-focused management team with relevant experience
We believe that our senior corporate management team has the relevant experience to execute our strategy. Each of our regional mill management teams has an average tenure of 15 years with the Group. We believe that we benefit from the experience and industry know-how of our senior corporate management team and the production know-how of the respective mill management teams, who have relevant experience in the global publication paper industry. In addition to experience in the publication paper industry globally, our corporate management team also has management experience from other commodities businesses. We maintain a flat and lean decentralized decision-making structure, which allows our local management teams to manage their day-to-day operations based on local market dynamics.
