Execution-focused management team with relevant experience
5
Strategy
The key elements of our strategy are as follows:
Defend our leadingposition in the publication paper industry in Europe and Australasia
With a leading position in both newsprint and magazine paper in Europe and Australasia, we are well-positioned to leverage our existing customer relationships. We believe we are a stable supplier of newsprint in Europe where we sell our products to some of the region's leading paper consumers, including financial printing operations, drop advertisement producers such as Bertelsmann Group (MOHN Media Mohndruck GmbH), Lidl Stiftung & Co. KG and Carrefour Procurement International and major news publishers such as News International Ltd. in the United Kingdom, RCS Media Group SpA in Italy, Axel Springer SE in Germany and Schibsted Trykk Oslo AS in Norway. We are the sole producer of publication paper in Australia and New Zealand and we are working to diversify our revenues. We aim to be the producer of choice for quality newsprint and magazine paper products in the European and Australasian markets, while maintaining and improving our position as a high-quality producer with a competitive cost base.
Continueproactive capacity management
We will continue to manage our production capacity in order to adjust to market developments proactively. In Europe, we have strategically reduced or converted capacity over the past four years, including, for example, our Follum, Parenco and Walsum operations, to increase the operating margins of our continuing business. We will continue to monitor our asset base and market developments and consider measures to address our less competitive capacity. In Australasia, in line with the closure of one machine at our Tasman mill in 2013 and the conversion of one of our two newsprint machines at the Boyer mill in Australia to magazine paper production in 2014, we will continue our business system optimization in order to produce products where it is most cost-effective to do so.
Continue to strengthen business model
