We will continue to manage our production capacity in order to adjust to market developments proactively. In Europe, we have strategically reduced or converted capacity over the past four years, including, for example, our Follum, Parenco and Walsum operations, to increase the operating margins of our continuing business. We will continue to monitor our asset base and market developments and consider measures to address our less competitive capacity. In Australasia, in line with the closure of one machine at our Tasman mill in 2013 and the conversion of one of our two newsprint machines at the Boyer mill in Australia to magazine paper production in 2014, we will continue our business system optimization in order to produce products where it is most cost-effective to do so.
We will continue to invest in improvements to reduce costs and improve efficiency and quality. In Europe, we plan to invest in higher quality grades of newsprint products and focus on the extension of our product portfolio into selected new end use segments within publication paper as well as improve production mix quality at our Skogn mill. In Australasia, we are benefiting from our recent diversification to magazine paper production and we will leverage our new cost competitive position in magazine paper and our well-developed logistical system to serve export markets for newsprint.
Take advantage o f new growth opportunities beyondpublication paper
In 2015, we launched several growth initiatives beyond our traditional publication paper business. These initiatives broaden the operations of the Group, from renewable energy in the form of biogas to wood pellets to tissue paper. We expect that these initiatives could have a run rate timeframe of approximately 4 years and could potentially contribute to up to NOK 300 million of annual EBITDA in the future.
Biogas
We believe we have the ability to build biogas facilities at all mills, leveraging biowaste from the paper production to renewable energy. An onsite biogas facility brings two types of economic benefits, a new biogas revenue stream and reduced paper production costs. Biogas is a renewable alternative to fossil fuels, which forms part of the carbon solution. We believe biogas technology to have significant potentials in improving urban air quality.
We initiated the construction of our first biogas facility at the Saugbrugs mill in Norway. We expect the total investment to be approximately NOK 150 million, of which NOK 52 million is financed through a grant. We expect the biogas facility to start generating revenue at the end of 2016 and to be at full run-rate contribution in 2017, with a run rate payback time for the net investment of approximately 4 years. We are currently considering replicating this project at other mills.
Woodpellets in New Zealand
We acquired Nature's Flame, the market leader for wood pellets in New Zealand. The market share of Nature's Flame in New Zealand is approximately 70%.
