CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA
Norske Skog's composition of cash-generating units were reviewed in connection with the revision of its segment structure. The new composition of cash-generating units is aligned with the structure in the internal management reporting system in the Norske Skog group. Publication paper Europe and publication paper Australasia represent the two business systems and the products (Newsprint and Magazine paper) that the group is focusing on in its communication with customers, suppliers, employees and the financial market. The basis for the chosen composition of cash-generating units reflects both market and industrial fundamentals for publication paper, and the way Norske Skog follows up the mills operationally and financially. The different mills within the two business systems works together to generate cash inflows. Reflecting customer substitution between different Newsprint and Magazine paper grades it is not operationally meaningful to distinguish at the product level.
The cash-generating unit publication paper Europe consists of Norske Skog Golbey (France), Norske Skog Bruck (Austria), Norske Skog Walsum (Germany), Norske Skog Skogn (Norway) and Norske Skog Saugbrugs (Norway). The cash-generating unit publication paper Australasia consists of Norske Skog Albury (Australia), Norske Skog Boyer (Australia) and Norske Skog Tasman (New Zealand). Each of the two cash-generating units consists of several mills that together are creating a business system. Production can be moved between the mills, based on what gives best profitability for the group as a whole.
Cash flow is calculated individually for each business unit, based on the estimated useful life. The paper industry is a capital-intensive industry where investment decisions are made based on projects with a long time horizon. The production machines have a long technical life, while useful lives are linked to industry cost curves and the size of the market. The estimated remaining useful life of the individual paper machines forms the basis for determining the length of the cash flow period. Estimated useful life for the individual paper machines in the group varies from two to 20 years. For the majority of the paper machines, including those with the highest carrying value, the expected useful life varies from 12 to 20 years. Technical and commercial obsolescence are the main input factors when expected usage of the different paper machines are assessed. Sales volumes develop in accordance with the useful lives of the different paper machines in the group.
Nominal cash flow is estimated in the currency in which it will be generated. The value is calculated by discounting based on a required rate of return on capital that is relevant for the cash generating unit or the individual asset. The required rate of return is based on the interest rate on ten-year government bonds in the currency of the cash flow estimate, an industry debt yield premium, industry beta and an equity risk premium. A country-specific risk premium relevant to the cash-generating unit or individual asset is also included in the required rate of return on capital.
When calculating value in use at the end of 2014, the discount rate after tax was in the interval from 6.2% to 8.9% (6.1% to 8.1% in 2013). The applied discount rate after tax for publication paper Europe was in the interval from 6.2% to 7.5% and publication paper Australasia was in the interval from 8.4% to 8.9%. The discount rate before tax for publication paper Europe was in in the interval from 9.2 %to 10.3% and publication paper Australasia was in the interval from 12% to 12.4%. The main reason for differences in discount rate is due to country specific interest rate levels.
Different conceptual industry scenarios is considered in the impairment testing. By interpolation between the different conceptual scenarios, all possible outcomes are implicitly considered. The different scenarios are weighted by an estimated probability assigned to each outcome. The impairment testing at 31 December 2014 was based on the operating plan for the group for 2015 as approved by the board of directors.
SENSITIVITY TO ESTIMATES OF RECOVERABLE AMOUNT The estimation of recoverable amount is based on assumptions regarding the future development of several factors. These include price development for finished goods, sales volumes, currency rates and interest rates. This means that there will be uncertainty when it comes to the outcome of these calculations. Norske Skog has performed sensitivity analyses using the variables mentioned above to predict how fluctuations would influence recoverable amount. In relation to the assumptions made in the calculation of the present value of future cash flows, recoverable amount is most sensitive to changes in prices of finished goods, sales volumes and the discount rate used. Assuming that the current profit level remains for the key assets, there will be no impairment losses. A reduction in sales price and sales volumes for the whole group in the cash flow period of 5% will cause a reduction in recoverable amount in the order of NOK 3 200 million and NOK 1300 million respectively. Correspondingly, a 1%increase in the discount rate will cause a reduction in the recoverable amount of NOK 700 million. An appreciation of NOK of 1%against all other functional currencies in the Norske Skog group will cause a reduction in the recoverable amount of NOK 200 million.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT ALLOCATED TO CASH-GENERATING UNITS The table below shows machinery and equipment and land and buildings allocated to Norske Skog's cash-generating units.
