Cash flow from operations benefited from a seasonal release of working capital, however this effect was largely offset by interest payments in the quarter. Capital expenditures in the fourth quarter of 2015 were somewhat higher than in in the previous quarter, reflecting progress on growth initiatives. The redemption of the remaining Senior Notes due 2015 in October 2015 lowered cash balances.
Reflecting the cash flow, cash balances were lower at the end of the fourth quarter of 2015 as compared to the end of the previous quarter. Cash balances include restricted cash of approximately NOK 250 million. A liquidity buffer of around NOK 200 million is prudent to allow for daily volatility in working capital. Foreign denominated debt, when translated to NOK for accounting purposes, increased somewhat due to the continued depreciation of NOK. Property, plant and equipment increased to a lesser degree with the weaker NOK, resulting in a negative effect on equity. The level of gross operating earnings in the fourth quarter of 2015 was lower than the interest and depreciation charges through the Profit & Loss, further contributing to a reduction in Group equity.
Outlook
The market balance for newsprint and magazine paper in Europe has improved following capacity closures in the industry. This has led to improved pricing, supported by high operating rates across all publication paper grades. Favorable energy costs for our European mills and efficiency measures at all mills are expected to reduce variable costs by 2-3% per tonne in 2016. Fixed costs initiatives continue at all mills. Both Europe and Asia experienced newsprint prices at cash cost levels last year. The Asian export market for newsprint is of increasing importance to the Group, as the domestic market in Australasia has declined. The growth initiatives announced last year are expected to start to contribute to gross operating earnings this year and we estimate will reach full run-rate within a timeframe of 3-4 years.
The Parent
Norske Skogindustrier ASA was registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry on March 22, 1989 as a public limited liability company, with registration number 911 750 961. The Parent's shares have been listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange since 1976, under the ticker symbol "NSG". The Parent's registered office is at Karenslyst allé 49, 0213 Oslo, Norway.
The QSF Exchange Notes Issuer
Norske Skog AS is a private limited company subject to the Norwegian Private Limited Companies Act and was registered under the Norwegian Companies Registry on November 18, 2014 with registration number 914483549.
The Transactions
