 Sensitivity on commodity contracts and embedded derivatives is presented separately under "Commodity risk".
 Other currency derivatives that are recognised at fair value through profit and loss will affect the income statement. These effects come mainly from currency derivatives and financial liabilities managed as economic net investment hedges which do not qualify for hedge accounting according to IAS 39.
 Other non-derivative financial instruments accounted for in the analysis comprise cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable, accounts receivable and borrowings denominated in currencies different from the functional currency of the entity.
 Correlation effects between currencies are not taken into account. Figures are presented net of tax.
At 31 December 2014, if NOK had appreciated 10% against all currencies to which the group has significant exposure, net profit after tax from financial instruments would have been NOK 369 million higher (NOK 265 million higher at 31 December 2013). If NOK had depreciated by 10% at 31 December 2014 against all currencies to which the group has significant exposure, net profit after tax from financial instruments would have been NOK 369 million lower (NOK 285 million lower at 31 December 2013). Net profit after tax is affected in a non-linear manner in 2013 due to changes in the fair value of options. The effect of the sensitivity analysis on the income statement is mainly caused by changes in fair value of derivatives designated as rolling cash flow hedge, and foreign exchange gains/losses on the translation of EUR and USD denominated debt for which there is no hedge accounting. Because the portion of debt has increased in relation to the portion of cash, the effect on the income statement is higher in 2014 compared to 2013.
Given a 10% appreciation/depreciation of NOK, equity would have been NOK 133 million higher/lower (NOK 189 million higher/lower at 31 December 2013) as a result of foreign exchange gains/ losses on financial instruments designated as net investment hedges. The sensitivity analysis on equity excludes the effects from the sensitivity analysis on the income statement, calculated above.
c) Commodity risk A major part of Norske Skog's global commodity demand is secured through long-term contracts. Norske Skog only uses financial instruments to a limited extent to hedge these contracts. The hedging ratio represents a trade-off between risk exposure and the opportunity to take advantage of short-term price drops in the spot market. Hedging levels are regulated through mandates approved by the board of directors.
Some of Norske Skog's purchase and sales contracts are defined as financial instruments, or contain embedded derivatives, which fall within the scope of IAS 39. These financial instruments and embedded derivatives are measured in the balance sheet at fair value with value changes recognised through profit or loss. Commodity contracts are either financial contracts for the purpose of trading or hedging, or physical commodity contracts that are not for the purpose of own use. The embedded derivatives are common in physical commodity contracts and comprise a wide variety of derivative characteristics.
Changes in fair value of commodity contracts reflect unrealised gains or losses and are calculated as the difference between market price and contract price, discounted to present value. Some commodity contracts are bilateral contracts or embedded derivatives in bilateral contracts, for which there exists no active market. Therefore, valuation techniques are used as much as possible, with the use of available market information. Techniques that reflect how the market could be expected to price instruments are used in non-observable markets.
