Some of Norske Skog's purchase and sales contracts are defined as financial instruments, or contain embedded derivatives, which fall within the scope of IAS 39. These financial instruments and embedded derivatives are measured in the balance sheet at fair value with value changes recognised through profit or loss. Commodity contracts are either financial contracts for the purpose of trading or hedging, or physical commodity contracts that are not for the purpose of own use. The embedded derivatives are common in physical commodity contracts and comprise a wide variety of derivative characteristics.
Norske Skog's portfolio of commodity contracts consists mainly of physical energy contracts. Fair value of commodity contracts is especially sensitive to future changes in energy prices. The fair value of embedded derivatives in physical contracts depends on currency and price index fluctuations. The energy contracts in Norway are nominated in EUR. These contracts contain embedded derivatives that are sensitive to changes in exchange rates. NOK weakened against EUR during 2014, which had a negative effect on the fair value of the embedded derivatives.
In April 2013, Norske Skog Saugbrugs signed a new long-term energy contract for the supply of electricity for the paper mill in Halden. The new energy contract secures an annual supply of 1.0
ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
67
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA
TWh up to 31 December 2020. The agreement entered into force on 1 May 2013. The contract ensures almost full energy coverage for Norske Skog Saugbrugs over the contract period. During 2013, Norske Skogindustrier ASA also terminated its long-term group energy contract from 1998 that applied for energy supply in Southern Norway.
Sensitivity analysis fo r com m odity contracts Trading and hedging mandates have been established for energy activity. Financial trading and hedging activities are carried out bilaterally with banks and trading companies.
When calculating fair value of future and forward contracts, cash flows are by principle assumed to occur in the middle of the period. Currency effects arise when contract values nominated in foreign currencies are translated into the reporting currency. Net profit after tax is affected in a non-linear manner due to changes in the fair value of options.
