243
4
-4
LIQUIDITY RISK Norske Skog is exposed to liquidity risk in a scenario when the group's cash flow from operating activities is not sufficient to cover payments of financial liabilities. In order to effectively mitigate liquidity risk, Norske Skog's liquidity risk management strategy focuses on maintaining sufficient cash, as well as securing available financing through committed credit facilities. Managing liquidity risk is centralised on a group level.
In order to uncover future liquidity risk, Norske Skog forecasts both short- and long-term cash flows. Cash flow forecasts include cash flows stemming from operations, investments, financing activities and financial instruments. The group had current investments, cash and cash equivalents of NOK 710 million at 31 December 2014 (NOK 1015 million at 31 December 2013). None credit facility at 31 December 2014 (undrawn credit facility of NOK 250 million at 31 December 2013). See Note 11 for more information regarding the maturity of facilities. Restricted bank deposits amounted to NOK 322 million at 31 December 2014 (NOK 258 million at 31 December 2013).
The board of directors recognises the challenging markets that Norske Skog operates in with price and currency uncertainty. The board of directors will thus have a continuous focus on cash generating trough 2015 to ensure sufficient liquidity for both debt maturities and the operations of Norske Skog. The ongoing initiatives to improve cash flow from operations and the significantly enhanced liquidity position of the group following the refinancing, should in the opinion of the board of directors provide prudent cash balances during 2015. Despite this leverage remains high and requires improved profitability, but the refinancing enables the group to focus on improving operations, cost initiatives and capital efficiency.
In February 2015, Norske Skog completed the refinancing of a portion of its bond maturities. See Note 27 for further information.
The following table shows the contractual maturities of non-derivative financial liabilities and other derivative financial instruments. All amounts disclosed in the table are undiscounted cash flows. Furthermore, amounts denominated in foreign currency are translated to NOK using closing rates at 31 December. These amounts consist of trade payables, interest payments and prin cipal payments on derivative and non-derivative financial instruments. Variable rate interest cash flows are calculated using the forward yield curve. Projected interest payments are based on the maturity schedule at 31 December without accounting for forecasted refinancing and/or other changes in the liability portfolio. All other cash flows are based on the group's positions held at 31 December 2014.
68
