ANNUAL REPORT 2014 I NORSKE SKOG
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAMME A revised long-term incentive plan was launched in 2014. The plan targets a positive share price development over a three-year period from 2014 to 2017 and allows the board to grant synthetic share options to the corporate management and other key employees, including managing directors of the Norwegian business units. The synthetic options are to be settled in 2017, at the board's discretion, a maximum of one third of the total number of options can be awarded through a bonus payment each year. The long-term incentive program issued in total 3 780 000 synthetic options. At the start of the program, (award date 17 July 2014) 2 250 000 synthetic options were awarded, leaving 1530 000 synthetic options to be granted later. Each option carries the right to be paid an amount in cash equal to (a) the fair market value less (b) the exercise price, including any hurdle rate added to the exercise price as of the exercise date. Fair market value is the volume weighted average trading price of the shares on Oslo Stock Exchange over a period of five trading days starting on the exercise date. The exercise date is the latter of the date falling three years after the award date or the date of publication of the company's interim financial statements for the first six months of 2017. The initial exercise price (strike price) for the synthetic options was NOK 4.80. The exercise price shall be increased by 10 per cent pro anno (the hurdle rate). The hurdle rate shall be added to the exercise price annually in arrears as of each anniversary of the award date, and shall from then be included in the basis for the calculation of further hurdle rate.
The ultimate cost of a cash-settled share-based transaction is the actual cash paid to the counterparty, which will be the fair value at settlement date. The periodic determination of this liability is at each reporting date between grant and settlement the fair value of the award. The fair value of the award is determined in accordance with the specific requirements in IFRS 2. During the vesting period, the liability recognised at each reporting date is the fair value of the award at that date multiplied by the expired portion of the vesting period. All changes in the liability are recognised in profit or loss for the period. The fair value of the liability is determined by applying an option pricing model, taking into account the terms and conditions on which the cash-settled transaction was granted, and the extent to which the employees have rendered services to date. Norske Skog has made a fair value measurement of the liability using a Black & Scholes model for European call options with no dividends.
REMUNERATION TO THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS (in NOK 1 000)
Jarle Roth Eivind Reiten 1 Ingelise Arntsen 1) Kjetil Bakkan Eilif Due Siri Beate Hatlen Finn Johnsson 1) Paul Kristiansen Karen Kvalevåg 1) Karin Bing Orgland Jon-Aksel Torgersen Svein Erik Veie
1) Previous member who left the board during 2014.
AUDITORS FEES (in NOK 1 000, excluding VAT)
SALARY
0 0 0 537 0 0 0
