"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which is governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" occurs if any person or persons, acting collectively, acquires or takes Control over the Issuer. Flowever the aforementioned shall not apply should Control be triggered by a company the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ Stockholm or any other Regulated Market. Should Control have been triggered by a company the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ Stockholm or any other Regulated Market, this Change of
Control Event provision shall apply mutatis mutandis to subsequent changes of Control in the new listed owner.
"Control" means (i) acquire or otherwise obtain control over, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent of the total outstanding voting rights in the Issuer or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or discharge all or a majority of the members of the Board of Directors in the Issuer.
