(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to cany on banking ·business in Norway.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Contractual Coverage" means the total number of vessel-months on charterparties exceeding 30 days divided by the total number of vessel-months capacity. The Contractual Coverage ratio shall be calculated on a 12 months rolling basis (forward looking) on the relevant quarterly testing date. (For avoidance of doubt "exceeding 30 days" means that the contract have a duration of more than 30 days from the calculation date).
"Current Assets" means, at the date of calculation the aggregate amount of the Issuer's (on a consolidated basis) current assets, determined in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
"Current Liabilities" means, at the date of calculation, the aggregate amount o f the Issuer's (on a consolidated basis) current liabilities (including 50% of current portion o f long term debt, determined in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
"Excess Value" means the positive or negative difference between the Market Value o f the Vessels and the book value of the Vessels.
"Market Value of the Vessels" means the consolidated fair market value of the Vessels set as the average value of the Vessels (for vessels under construction, estimated market value of a delivered vessel adjusted for remaining capex) from two reputable and independent appraisers appointed by the Issuer. Such appraisers to be the same appraisers as for any bank loan facilities, to the extent possible. Such valuations shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length terms as between a willing buyer and a willing seller, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charter or other contract of employment. Market Value of the Vessels shall be determined twice a year, on accoimt of the Issuer.
"Value Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Value Adjusted Equity to Value Adjusted Total Assets
"Value Adjusted Equity" means the Book Equity adjusted to take into account any Excess Value.
